pooh bear v::Knicks suck
pooh bear v::76ers suck
Kaluroso::Wait until Amare comes back...the Knicks will start losing tons :-).
LosLobosKickUrBallsIntoOuterSpace::....and worst comment from 2011 only to be recycled in 2012 is.......
ZinBayArea::I'd like to see the Knicks do well, but you can't expect to rely on nailing three-pointers for any actual sustained success...  As a W's fan I know this all too well...
Dan M84::The Knicks are going to look like one of the top 3 teams in the East until February when all of the old men are injured and people remember that the average age of the team is 87.
GOTTAPROVEME::let's see if the knick can keep this up...it's one thing to come out and play like this early in the season but you have 80 more games man!!!!!
kevthecavsfan::Amare to Cleveland for Varajeo would be a great addition for the Knicks, but the fans in Ctown would burn down the Q if that happened...  I think the Lakers signed the wrong guy...they should have grabbed JKidd and left Nash behind in Phoenix
Carmello_Anthony007::Jkidd is the kind of player this team has needed for a long time.  His passing is contagious and this team is set to make a deep run.  Bring on the Heat!
Jai22T::JKidd got the knicks moving the ball so well.
-LOS LAKERS::Why don't they ever list Bynum's name on the box score..?
Crooklynism::Why didn't Pablo play in the league earlier?
RayNy2ATL::KNICKS!!!!
ChiTown All Day All Night::New York surprised me defensively!!!
theflyeststar::knicks have been playing d since dantoni left
dychen::Raymond Felton is awesome 1 assist, 4 TOs in 30 minutes from your starting PG.
ammizny::Lin is a good, young PG, but he was greedy and would rather get paid than stay with the team he supposedly loved.  Felton isn't exactly that old either and for the money, he's a far more sound investment than Lin at $10 million a season.
LosLobosKickUrBallsIntoOuterSpace::Well dont forget to mention he did that in a WIN
agoods03::Listen, I miss Lin too but it doesn't help to hate on Felton.  He was impressive vs the heat and I'm sure he will only get better.  A lot of us will miss Lin, just root for him to do well in Houston and hope the knicks keep it up.
jDNYK13::CHEN go follow houston man if your a true lin fan.   Get over it. Felt and Kidd are best for this team.
dychen::It's 2 games into a long season.  Knicks will only go as far as Melo let's them. 10-18 much better than 10-28 from the previous game.  The problem and soution starts with him.
Ace0vSpades::At least J. Lin can drive to the hoop.
jDNYK13::Asian people man..
savetheplanet40::it is so funny to see fake knick fans or non basketball fans come on here and make dumb comments, now the trend is trading or sitting amare when he gets back, i remember last year it was trade melo when he comes back and then it was melo and amare cannot play with j lin....if i thought the people that make these dumb comments were sane basketball fans i would go crazy...lol
Ace0vSpades::As a real Knick fan, I can't help but look past the results of Melo and Amare playing together.  It hasn't been pretty as of yet.  I can only wonder if they are just not a good fit together.
Dan M84::Well, Carmelo and Amare couldn't play with J-Lin, and that's why D'Antoni got sacked.  The Knicks are never going to win with Carmelo, he is uncoachable, and doesn't respect any players who aren't the best in the league.  Surround him with the best players the NBA has to offer and he shines, as they make up for his glaring lack of ability to pass the ball or play defense for 48 minutes (See, the '08 and '12 Olympic teams).  Take that away and he is just a ball hog.  The Knicks are going to look great until all those old men get injured by Feb-March, and the expectations come back to earth.
savetheplanet40::unselfish basketball and tough defense is a recipe for success. i hope these knicks take nothing for granted and come out everygame as if it is a playoff game.the best offense in the league and the defense will be in the top 10..lets go knicks
thecoolcard::NY wins by 16 and tonights game the spred is NY +4.5. ??? and they play the 76er again. how can you give them more points.
thecoolcard::NY looks so good on both sides of the ball hard for me not to take the them and the 4.5
Le Asterisk::Spreads are about equalizing the bets so the sports book can't lose.  Hard to beat a team 2 nights in a row even if they are injured
Antsea91::Wow knicks are 2-0? Guess the Mayans were right... the world is about to end.
CandySparker::Oh you're a Holiday, such a Holiday
sportsguru1988::At some point the 3's will stop Falling!!  Jr Smith to Steve Novak:  " Not if J Kidd keep getting us open " haha
Hani2758::Jason kidd has to be one of the top 5 pg in nba history. Leading those knicks to 2/0 is just impressive. Without him, they would have lost their last 2 games.
savetheplanet40::what games were you watching?
KnicksFan4Life_1985::Doug Collins is one of the best in the game I am sure he has been up all night thinking of a way to stop #7. He should expect to see more double teams as soon as he crosses the 3 point line or post up on the elbow.  Their game plan going into yesterdays game should have been don't let Melo beat you I am sure Collins will stick that in their ears again.  If they find away to clamp down Melo expect to see a big point total from Rey Felton.  He still wants to prove his worth and lock down his niche on the team.
cpkirkley::But see thats the conundrum with the knicks this year. the imporoved basketball iq at the PG position means Melo getting double teamed means they will rotate the basketball to open shooters instead of force feeding him.  Quick ball movement decreases a double teams effectiveness and leads to defensive chaos. hence the open looks.
vinny del negro and scotty brooks see 3 moves behind::melo hasn't changed 10 on 28 against the heat WTF
dmbase::ZOMGWTFBBQ!!! The Knicks are 2-0?  Start printing out the championship t-shirts now!  /end sarcasm
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Thanks for sweating our team and us fans
kiss_thee_ring::AMARE FOR BARGIANI
sgates1967::Been betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching the phrase Sports Betting System. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
Killing_baby_Niglets_on_Pitchforkes::Killing_baby_Niglets_on_Pitchforkes please put ecstacy in your p00per     and give racism a body rub and c.o.c.k ring
Killing_baby_Niglets_on_Pitchforkes::Killing_baby_Niglets_on_Pitchforkes please put ecstacy in your p00per     and give racism a body rub and c.o.c.k ring
AussieRaven52::Nice to see Melo, one of my favourtie players, dominating again like the stud he is.  Pure scorer with so much talent.
CoreyGallagherArt::-29 Nick Young....Really?
Fingering_Hanna_Storms__Butt_H0le_andVajayjay::yo yo yo ne gro
NYY-NYJ-NYK-1988::everyones on the lakers board.... i wonder why!?
grungewasfun::i WANNA THANK jLIN FOR TEACHING ME THE MEANING OF (TEAM )BASKETBALL.....   WHO KNEW PASSING THE BALL NOW AND THEN WOULD BE SO GRATIFYING!!!!!!!......  I CERTAINLY DIDN'T BEFORE....JOM BOEHEIM NEVER TEACH ME HOW TO PASS THE BALL IN CIRCLE....HUH......I NEVER KNEW THAT CONCEPT....  - ISO MELO...
savetheplanet40::double fail...that was dumb
Fingering_Hanna_Storms__Butt_H0le_andVajayjay::I just j!zzed all over Hannas skinny back side  Hanna is my #1 $@%!-m0pper  Linda C0hn is my #1 fluffer
Fingering_Hanna_Storms__Butt_H0le_andVajayjay::Raiders fans smoke trees    My face is buried in between hanna Storms greasy beaver
NYY-NYJ-NYK-1988::Where are all the Haters/Trolls at!?  Show yourselves you cowards!!!!
grungewasfun::i WANNA THANK jLIN FOR TEACHING ME THE MEANING OF (TEAM )BASKETBALL.....   WHO KNEW PASSING THE BALL NOW AND THEN WOULD BE SO GRATIFYING!!!!!!!......  I CERTAINLY DIDN'T BEFORE....JOM BOEHEIM NEVER TEACH ME HOW TO PASS THE BALL IN CIRCLE....HUH......I NEVER KNEW THAT CONCEPT....  - ISO MELO.....
jetsmetsknicksrangers2792::Knicks&gt;your team
N.Y KNICKS 2013 CHAMPS::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
CLIPSCHAMPS2013::Knicks still suck
Rickster7218::That's why they kick Miami's sorry as*.....
Gamham43::You mad bro?!??!
TheRainMen85::Amare should basically play back up center so mello can be at the 4. and  when mello is off the floor with play him power forward with chandler. start him at the 4 so he doesn't get his ego bruised. If Woodson sits down and maps it out it should work well. Just finish the games how he did last year when the guys who are playing well on the night playing.
savetheplanet40::fail
Td4mvp3::"man okc sucks"       - Spurs
aluolax@gmail.com::wow. great game knicks!
Rose let Jack drown::I am surprised by the Knicks so far but it's only two games in and when you hit your threes, you ein......this can't happen all the time
ygun::aye aye. live by 3, die by 3.
cpkirkley::The 3's are a good bonus. They are playing TERRIFIC defense. That travels well, and will save them when the 3-ball isnt falling. I loved Jeremy Lin, but the PG by commitee we have here now is more effective than he was, for less money and time commitment. Bravo to Grunwald for seeing the forest through the trees and not hamstringing the Knicks with another huge contract.
Fahim58::I don't understand why people are hating on Amare...first of all let him come back and play with the team..after all you got three new PG's that are pass-first so expect tons of pick-and-roll and easy buckets for Amare. Second, Ronnie Brewer is taking Amare's spot. Although Ronnie is a great addition for the Knicks, Amare has more experience and he is dominant in the post. All Amare has to do is play DEFENCE like the others and I'm 100% sure he definitely will. Let's just see how things will go from there.
lballer69::Dominant in the post ? Is that why he had to spend some of his summer with the dream, he wants to shoot mid ranges now , plus they will be a better defensive team with him not on the floor. 100 million dollar can't come off the bench tho .
razek90::Knicks are awesome
Td4mvp3::congrats LA, ur gonna beat the worst team in the NBA for your first win...good for u
LosLobosKickUrBallsIntoOuterSpace::Wrong board....this is all about the Knicks tonight!!!
NYCxMonte::Ur name makes my espn mobile scroll sideways xD
xBudRadx::Does anyone else see tons of potential in Thad Young?
DORES22::if i were the Knicks id trade amare bc melo plays better without him and hes always hurt. I just dnt knw if they would b able to trade him with his contract.
Bklyricist::trade amare for josh smith
dr_gonzo_phdsd::you answered your own question
yanksfan923::Good start for the Knickerbockers
Basketballfam16589::this is great, I know it's early, but Knicks are 2-0 and Nuggets are 0-2, and the knicks have beat two of the teams that the nuggets have lost to
cpkirkley::not just beat - smashed them.
