Von Doom::Woodson has to go!!! Why would you have Melo guard a quicker two guard who was lighting the Knicks up and in turn have Shump guard a taller and stronger wingman in George? Stevenson fueled the charge against the Knicks and you had someone who couldn't stay in front of him guarding him!   Nice win by the Pacers. They have to be the favorites to win it all. If only Dolan listened to Walsh, maybe the Knicks wouldn't be in the rut they are in. The biggest problem with the Knicks is that they are loaded with boneheads. JR Smith and Felton are poisoning the team. I never seen a player whine more than Felton and JR Smith is JR Smith. Don't know what happened to Felton after he got traded the first time around, but he has turned into a bum with his poor attitude.
Brew Buck::I would like to see Indiana Pacer get home court playoff's too!
PKM::Indiana is looking very strong.  Heat will have their hands full in the playoffs.
Ben™::Hope indiana can secure home court in the East! They need this momentum to be continued.
Jamison::Melo: 18 shots 28 points! I hate this crab statistic they rolled out about Melo getting assists/'= win total! Are you serious? Shump during that stretch: missed 33 of 38 shots then got hot from 3! Fools gold!!, JR? Well... etc.. This statistic is useless. Not in general, just at this point.. Watch a game, like tonight for instance, I guess Feltons 4 TO's, Shump going 1-4, Hardaway 2 for 10, Bargs 3-9 and your point guards, who btw should be giving you high assist totals, gave u 9.. 9!!! Total!! Just meaningless..
Haven::Pacers got better, we got worse. Very upsetting loss. Happy to see there's a team arguably better than the Heat in the east though
legomyego::Another blowout loss.  The Pacers are a lot better than Charlotte but still. I think tomorrow night the team will beat the Clippers. Hopefully they can get K-Mart back because Melo is spending way too much energy rebounding. TC is finally all the way back and will bring his A-game tomorrow night. Nice to see Amare finally getting some more touches.  Hey coach how about getting Hardaway some more playing time. Felton needs to stay in front of Chris Paul all night long for them to win. I think the team can still make the playoffs if thats what the final goal is.
Jersey Boy::Indiana Pacers playing with the NY Chump Chucker's. Let them hang around for the first period & then starting to slap them around in the second. Now the third period, the Pacers will embarrass & bury Dolan's Team of Clowns. The embarrassment of NYC.
doomshades::Bargnani was the Knicks' starting center for 4 games in their 5-win streak; the other one game, Chandler played just 4 minutes. Chandler was the starting C in the Knicks' past two games, and it resulted to losses including this lopsided loss. Maybe the Knicks should reintegrate Chandler slowly into the team by playing him from the bench first?
fcbonilla::Aside from my Miami Heat I can honestly say that I enjoy watching the Indiana Pacers.
