Bpipkin26::Sacramento will lose this franchise to Seattle point blank period. This franchise has been irrelevant since the Mike Bibby, Chris Webber, and Peja Stojakovic days.
razzledazzletj81::Coaches Clinic: Alright gentlemen, you need a game winning shot with 5 seconds left. Do you pass to the guy in the Top 15 for 3 pointers or the guy who is currently 2 - 12? Coach Smart: Oh, that's an easy one, you pass it to the guy that shot 2 -12 especially when he's guarded by a 7 footer.
BuffaloBiLLiaM::"It should come as no surprise that the Grizzlies won the game at the defensive end. SECOND IN THE NBA in fewest points allowed, the Grizzlies held the Kings to just under 36 percent shooting and blocked 12 shots."  - What comes as no surprise is that, ONCE AGAIN, ESPN puts the scrub writers on the job. I read that in the first few paragraphs and said screw reading the rest. Facts are not opinions. You should really check what you're writing before you allow it to go public. I wish i was keeping a record of how many facts have been improperly recorded in these articles all year about the Grizz alone, not to mention the rest of the sports world. CBS is looking better and better
wolfgan87::really
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Go Memphis.........
DaviddddR::I am a Kings fan and have been since 2002, and I love Jimmer and love to watch him play for my team. But what you Jimmer/Kings fans need to understand and notice, is that he is a mess on the defensive end. He lacks that presence that you need in the NBA. It's a huge step defensively when you go from college to the NBA, and while he is a shooter, tonight, he got the minutes he deserved. I think he should have been more involved late in the game, but to me, it isn't Keith Smart, it's Jimmers D. Keep in mind, I like Jimmer, and think Smart will be unemployed this offseason. You Jimmer fans are pointing your fingers all around. Just wait. He will get his time.
razzledazzletj81::The team is league worst in defense, as in # 30. He plays about 12 minutes a game with plenty of DNP's, so this Jimmer sucks at D argument is weak. Can he improve, sure, so can everyone else.
koda1323::Play jimmer SMART in the top 40 PER ( player efficency rate)
Zachdeb123::Smart will be fired when the team moves to seattle
Kpmg allstar::No matter what, Maloofs will not own this team.  Smart has been throwing games, or Maloofs knew Smart was crap and used him to throw games.
DaviddddR::Smart will be fired regardless of where the team is going to be next year, and don't get yourself too ready for there to be a team in Seattle next year.
BYUsGotHeart::Jimmer - 13 pts. in 15 min. (+8)  You can see why Smart doesn't play him...who needs points?
deftips::David,  I am seeing that you understand why fredette does not play. Defense is your answer. Not many will disagree. I think the Kings struggle with Defense across the board. they average 108 since the all star break yet they are still losing. They are not losing because of scoring and Fredettes minutes are not the reason. Look at his minutes. it says he scored 10 points in the 2nd quarter when they outscored Memphis 28-18. Granted this was a low scoring game for the Kings but holding any team in any game under 20 is a great accomplishment. I am guessing his D must have not been so bad tonight during his minutes. I am not positive but I think he has the best plus minus ratio. Not saying his Defense is good but I would say it has improved from his rookie year. The crazy thing to me is that for his D to not keep him off the court is to give him consistent minutes. The erratic minutes Smart gives him and comments about him totally do not explain his minutes either. If you want the kid to improve his Defense faster you need to give him playing time. The improvements by Jimmer from year 1 has not just been offensive but Defensive as well all credit should go ti Jimmer and those who work with him and it is not Smart. He comes to camp and is said most improved in the offseason and his numbers show it on both sides of the ball yet he can play great and then the he gets DNP COACHES DECISIONS. If his game has improved on both sides of the ball why are his career 3's lower than his year of improvement that I have not heard someone say his sophmore campaign both sides is better and because of this his minutes are less and erratic. The part of the comment you commented on that you should have noticed was the plus 8. Maybe Smart should look at Stats the plus 8 being the biggest.
DaviddddR::Huge fan of Jimmer, and witnessed his game live tonight, but I am sure the coach has his own eyes and has seen the stats Jimmer puts up. But you can't be blind, and miss what he lacks. He lacks that defensive presence that is needed, and because of that, it is hard to put him in close games like this one. He was a large part of our comeback and I was rooting for him, trust me. But until he gets his defensive game polished up, he will be getting minimal minutes.
Kpmg allstar::" He lacks that defensive presence that is needed, "  - Just keep on believing your own garble
ALEX47666-3::so OKC u want to  rest durant and westbrick and lose some more games
nuggetzalltheway23::Wtf. How is Memphis not at the #4 seed? There a game ahead of the Clippers.
ALEX47666-3::i could repeat this for the 100th time   but just google anything other stupid questions
memphis 95::The clippers won their division so they're guaranteed a top 4 seed. But if we play them we'll get home court advantage because we have a better record.
hiraiken::Division winners are guaranteed a top 4 seed, but don't worry, home court advantage is given to the team with the better record (or the team that owns the tie-breaker), so as it stands, Memphis will start the Playoffs with home court advantage over the Floppers
emthomasjr::Conley is playing out of his mind as of late!  It must be because of the comfort in knowing his fiancee' is safe at home because of his ADT security system.
John 3663::hahaha
pismohoops::Fire Keith Smart
Grindhouse2413::Good win Memphis. Close one Sac. Good job QPon on your bounce back game after LA. Thanks for picking up the slack without Bayless. Tough games for ZBo and Prince. Shake it off. Mike Conley playing like our All Star. Go Memphis! Finish strong and lets get homecourt advantage.
Andrewfuturestar::Whats up with zbo????? 9 pnts 7 rebs??? thats no good Z!!!! he has been playing poor lately
Richard Coxx::Demarcus will be a Maverick next year.
DaviddddR::And I will quote you on this, and in a years time from this date, you will look very dumb.
Dtravieso::Damm you Memphis, you pesky Memphis you. You just aren't going to make this easy on us (Nuggets) are you.  Good win.  Sacramento has been playing pretty tough of late
Andrewfuturestar::Denver gonna fade without Gallo? He was hard to stop, and now it puts a lot on Lawson. Good Luck Denver fans. DEN vs MEM WCF
faargsob::They put up 132 points yesterday without Lawson and Gallo, they're a pretty damn good team.
NDman13::I came here to say the same thing as Dtravieso
faargsob::I don't like our chances of catching you guys, we'll hopefully hold of LAC though for HCA.
Ballin_like_jordann::BARELY BEATING THE KINGS   AND LOSING TO THE LAKERS  GRIZZ SUCK
Griss13ears::Idiot
roy2daboy::That's correct.  We're winning without Rudy Gay.
roy2daboy::Rudy who????  Child please!!!!!
itsatrap13::I don't pay attention to the Grizzlies but you guys are doing well without him, right?
willwarner12::^Rudy Gay was their for a lot of their 52 wins...They're gonna be knocked out in the first round regardless of who they play.
Griss13ears::Idiot
faargsob::21-10 since the trade for a 67.7% winning percentage. 31-15 before the trade for a 67.4% winning percentage. Sorry buddy but your argument is falling apart.
faargsob::Hell yeah they do! That 52-25 record is straight up embarrassing.
Richard Coxx::Winning
bigbluenation90::Go Grizz!
Richard Coxx::Richard Coxx is my real name a-holes
Richard Coxx::It's cool homeslice
packa83wolf4urTrip::i was just kidding jee whilackers
faargsob::Haha
packa83wolf4urTrip::itsatrap he started four games... do u know what he did in those four games dude.. averaged 17 points, and shot 60 % from deep...
itsatrap13::I only found three games and he scored 19, 14, and 5. I don't think that averages out to 17. They also lost all three of them plus his numbers went considerably down. It's not like he didn't still get playing time after that.
Grizzfanmt::Keith Smart has the most ironic name in the history of sports.
souptwins::He was adopted.
packa83wolf4urTrip::teeny weeeeener
itsatrap13::It really is though.
faargsob::Howie Long's teammates said that his name is the most ironic, I wonder what they mean?
Grizzfanmt::Mike Rice &gt; Keith Smart
Grizzfanmt::Sacramento fans are more passionate about Jimmer Fredette than Houston fans are about Jeremy Lin.
willwarner12::He never got a chance to play minutes consistently.I bet he's never played 20 minutes for 5 straight games in his 2 years so fat.
itsatrap13::Jimmer's a class act. At least his brother apologized.
packa83wolf4urTrip::i bet jimmer has just about had it with this ffffffn situation my friend... his family sure has.... his brother was saying the same stuff his fans say on twitter... its just a weird situation that this kid doesnt get time on such a terrible team
Markiemormon::Tell the loser to quit then, we sure as hell don't need that slug.
packa83wolf4urTrip::u know what tho, they saw him do some crazy sheezz when he was handed a team and allowed to run the show... that stretch with the knicks where he was the man, not only did he put up sick numbers, but they were winning every game.... just saying... now that he's second fiddle, he's not able to do the same things
faargsob::At least Jimmer wasn't #3 in the ASG fan vote for guards in the WC, behind only Kobe and CP3. I have no problem with Lin, but his fans are straight up of an inferior genetic constitution.
itsatrap13::They're not Sacramento fans. Whenever he doesn't play they cheer for whatever team is playing the Kings. If that's a Sacramento fan then I just don't know anymore.
DaviddddR::According to who? I was at the game tonight, and not one person rooted against the Kings (except this large man that was quite annoying, yelling brick on all of the Kings freethrows), and everyone was very hyped for the Kings like they have been for 15+ years and Jimmer just puts that hype on another level. I have NO damn idea where you get that information about the Kings fans but you need to take it somewhere else.
itsatrap13::Yeah and it's sort of sad. I find it funny though because knowing Jimmer, he'd root for his team no matter what. He'd be embarrassed and ashamed of some of the stuff that his fans say.
faargsob::Damn, seriously?
packa83wolf4urTrip::yes we are :-)
its1929again::Ok, users that have ScoreCenter not working should try the following. This is confirmed to send the new devicetoken based on packet captures. Whether this resolves the issue or not, I have not confirmed that yet. But if this doesn't resolve it, it is an ESPN problem.  Uninstall ScoreCenter if installed.  Go to Settings -&gt; Safari and tap &amp; confirm "Clear Cookies" and also "Clear Cache". This may seem strange, but it is necessary because ScoreCenter is not so much an "app" at all. It is an interface to a web based app.   Install ScoreCenter again. The first time you run it, it should update your push token and hopefully you can start getting alerts again. Click the little bell icon in near the top right of the app and check your alert configuration.  PLEASE : Post a reply if this fixes your ScoreCenter.
Richard Coxx::"Winning"
Markiemormon::Lol, chadwickins
packa83wolf4urTrip::lol
packa83wolf4urTrip::im surprised his last name didnt get blurped
itsatrap13::You can seriously make any name you want on here (not saying it'll be around forever). For some reason those aren't censored. Give it a shot, I bet you can get away with it for a while.
itsatrap13::I'm surprised they didn't blur this one out.
paintguy916::Marcus Thornton (2-13) gets the call on final sequence.... Guards Thornton, Thomas, and Evans go 8-33 (23%) for only 29-points in 88-minutes. The other guard goes 3-6 (50%) for 13-points in 13 minutes. Can you name the guard? That's right folks....Fredette. Coach Smart should of been cast for the movie "Dinner for $@%!$@%!".
JBurhenn253::Don't include Thomas in that mix, he pulled his weight and did his thing. 18, 8 and 6.
packa83wolf4urTrip::lol
itsatrap13::Hahahaha
faargsob::$@%!$@%!
itsatrap13::That is awesome. I just tried it out too.
faargsob::wow it really is blocked by ESPN, haha what a poopoo head cry baby ESPN
faargsob::I've learned two key things about the Kings fan base in the past few minutes. You guys feel that Jimmer is underutilized and that Keith Smart is a very underrated coach.
booya2526::im a jimmer fan and if you are basing things on last year he was a rookie still learning, you get better by getting experience  he had a great summer camp and has had a great season when he gets minutes
Markiemormon::You'd be wrong, they're jimmer fans not King fans.  Yeah... I can't figure why anyone would be a fan of his either.
packa83wolf4urTrip::he started four games... do u know what he did in those four games dude.. averaged 17 points, and shot 60 % from deep...
packa83wolf4urTrip::any kings fan who is not irrate that fredette who is #2 on the roster in the plus minus category, doesnt get more min on a team that is 27 and freekin 50 is a t ard.... u have a scoring champ/unanimous poy,  not getting minutes for two seasons... yet everytime he does he scores at a ratio of a point a min...  if kings fans are ok with this, then u may need to look no further as to why ur losing ur team.. sorry but its true
itsatrap13::Yes, it's our fault the team is doing bad. It's our fault that a kid who did great in college isn't exactly lighting it up in the NBA. If you want to blame the coach feel free but Jimmer had a chance to start last year, didn't he? Sorry but it's true.
faargsob::Ah gotcha
packa83wolf4urTrip::yet they are dead on about fredette..... how he doesnt get more burn with that stroke on this roster, ill never know
stylesac7::ya, don't confuse jimmer fans with kings fans. not that kings fans don't want jimmer to do well, they just have more of a grip on reality
packa83wolf4urTrip::really... go look at yet another rediculous game numbers wise, and ask urself what in the heck are u talking about with ur grip on reality.... look at the plus minus of fredette vs thomas, thorton, evans.... then look at fg% between the same three and fredette
itsatrap13::Yeah it's kind of sad.
itsatrap13::Most of them aren't Kings fans.
packa83wolf4urTrip::Unreal!!!  Marcus Thornton goes one on two down by two with six sec left and gets man style blocked by mark gasol the ball never leaving his hands, to end the game!!  The worst end of game execution I've ever seen on the nba stage!!  If I could have one wish, it Would be, that I could have 2 months to get ready and train, have Apollo creeds trainer in my corner to help me build Some hurting bombs, and then have myself a cage match set in stone, mma style not wwf, where i could proceed to Beat Keith smarts ace to death!!!!  No really
packa83wolf4urTrip:::-)
James48185::I love that packa83wolf4urtrip....ha,ha,ha...Apollo creeds
Richard Coxx::Keith Smart = Dumb Bittch
TheJTram::Im assuming Prince struggled this game as he usually doesnt go well against fast paced teams
jalames::Free Jimmer...If Smart won't use him when it counts any way, let him go somewhere where they'll appreciate the high 3 point  percentage.
booya2526::im a jimmer fan not a kings fan he will be on the heat after he is a free agent lebron liked him a lot and said he is one of the best shooters in the nba
jalames::Lol, he'd sell more cars than you've got any hint of a clue. The guy's got game. I respect that, wish others would 2.
Markiemormon::$@%! yes... free that idiot to sell used cars in Provo.
willwarner12::More like "Free" Smart...
Charley Varrick::Jimmers career much much better than smarts ever was. Jimmer has already won!
Richard Coxx::Keith Smart = Dumb Fu.ck
utclindsay::Conley is on rooooollllllllll!! when he plays well, the Grizz usually play well..
1975junior109::i'm not
roy2daboy::Glad that the Grizz held on to get the W.
utclindsay::a little too close for comfort.
1975junior109::kings should've beat them
1975junior109::lol
1975junior109::it wasnt luck memphis just sorry
faargsob::Mitt Romney should've ran a smarter campaign....
Charley Varrick::All obozo had to do is switch around a few voting machines in a couple of battleground states. He stole the election!!!
Charley Varrick::No they shouldn't have. They got close by luck!
DaviddddR::Luck is making a full court shot. We shot under 40% and held the Grizzlies close for 48 minutes. Not luck. Don't be ignorant.
Charley Varrick::Thorton 2-13 from the field gets. Last shot blocked...good call
hiraiken::can someone please tell me what happened to Bayless? only caught the end of the game
utclindsay::he sat out. I think it was because of a sore knee
TheTigerFan555::he sat out with a sore knee, and he's day to day
Ryd3rr::When the Sonics are up and running who do you think they will get to coach?!
packa83wolf4urTrip::just once id love to see fredette have a chance to win a game like that.. but that wwould mean smart would have to be capable of drawing up a play.. because no way are those selfish scrubs ever passing it to him on their own recognizance
James48185::Jimmer will get his chance in the future and on a different team. He just needs to hang in there and continue to work on his game over the summer.
Charley Varrick::I would ax smart why aint he playin man?
James48185::Wow
cjl2020::Hi James
paintguy916::or learn Ebonics.....
paintguy916::Jimmer is a ghost (literally) to Smart and his teammates
Jim7419::Jimmer needs some tats and ear rings!
Charley Varrick::If he were black and not playing there would be a huge outcry
cjl2020::he should start acting african american
utclindsay::When is Bayless coming back? Need him for the playoffs. He was ballin..
utclindsay::didn't see the game, just have noticed he is playing well..
faargsob::He shot us to a loss against LAL. He does more good than bad for this team, but sometimes he needs to know when he is having an off night
faargsob::Wow watching the game did not feel like 7 for 15, but I'll take your word for it because I am too lazy to look it up :) Pondexter might miss a wide-open 3, but at least he's taking wide-open 3s. I prefer a shooter who has an off night missing wide open opportunities than a shooter forcing bad shots and missing them.
TheTigerFan555::He was 7 for 15 against the Lakers, which isn't actually bad. Pondexter missing WIDE-OPEN corner 3's is more to blame for that loss.
razzledazzletj81::Look at the +/- for Kings starters and bench. nice difference.
paintguy916::Congratulations on your 50-loss season Smart....what a disgrace of a coach.
Charley Varrick::He's an idiot. Hope he never works again. He's a poor mans isiah Thomas who played for the pistons!
GiantNinerKingShark::Keith Smart and the Maloofs go hand in hand. FAILURES
Ryd3rr::Worst coach to enter the NBA!
rharder444::Gotta keep winning Griz.  Clips and Nuggets are on big rolls..
rharder444::We gotta win the ones we are supposed to win.  We need to keep home court over Clips
jokinm782::Wow!! Heading towards 55 season wins
rharder444::Me too
TheTigerFan555::The next game is at home against the Bobcats...no chance we're losing that one.
faargsob::We've lost to many of the bottom-feeders this year at home. I obviously like our chances, but there is no such thing as a gimme for our boys.
utclindsay::Would have like to see the Grizz play a little better, but a win is a win..
Ryd3rr::Was a little worried for a second there.
patrice lumumba 1961::?
packa83wolf4urTrip::fredette 13 points in 13 measely min, and the kings were plus 12 while he was on the floor... smh at  13 measely min
paintguy916::Can't wait to hear Smart's excuses post game
Markiemormon::Led the team in TO's
Natelloyd24::Isaiah Thomas has way more turnovers then jimmer.
GiantNinerKingShark::story of the season
Charley Varrick::If he were black well u know the rest
captrobey::damn morons they had enough time to drive to the basket but no they have to do that
Charley Varrick::Fire smart and sell this team to someone who wants to win and play racism!
