Letsthlks::come on dmorey lets get howard
Letsthlks::the nets or giveing up on howard come on rockets
Letsthlks::come on rockets lets get howard  we need him
tcccfrom713::D Morey, i am the biggest Rockets fan their is!!!!!!! have been since I was 4 yrs old back in 92, give me a call 618-614-8203, lets talk basketball!!!
tcccfrom713::can anyone tell me who the best CENTER free agents are avalable next yr, I like Camby coming off the bench, but he too old to start night in night out for us
tcccfrom713::hey D Morey if you are reading this, Please do not resign Kevin Martin, or Chase Bud, we need some ball players, some defensive tough guys, need another strong PF, bring Scola off the bench, he gettin old, Need a SG starter, keep C. Lee coming off the bench hes tough on Defense
screwhead2305::cool .. 9th seed in the West yet again
tcccfrom713::lol no sh it
Alan Allstar::Why in the hell does Morey need the fans opinion.......Your a GM you don't need the fans to help you make a  decision on Dragic .......Go get a superstar this offseason try to keep GD3
tcccfrom713::listen Morey I like you, and definitlley if there is 1 guy u keep next year, that is Dragic
chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
Steveforprez04::David Stern will give the Hornets the #1 and #2 pick (Wolves)
ThorAlphaBlack::You were right about the #1.
georger lives::So whats up nah'leans?  Thought you guys were somebody's again?  Nobody Houston beats you with nothing to lose?
devin969504::so what i don't like the hornets. i go to the games to watch other players. i pulled for the lakers last yr in the playoffs.
pie-express::. . . . . . . . . Hi -&gt; . . . Bye -&gt;
vancity8535::gudnite everyone
vancity8535::yes 1 goal for florida, 1 more to go
vancity8535::i need nj n florida tie game to win some money
Donnie5906::was floida plus 1 in this game i took them too .but straight up
vancity8535::getting ready to go bowling soon
mark_aggs::look at the play by play for the 4th - NO should have to explain this, someone should die, really
mark_aggs::one $@%!$@ basket
georger lives::What are you talking about?
aboabo1176::I should say, it's about to pay me. game not quite over in char
aboabo1176::@Vancity---true that. 33 on houston and NY paid me 120. Just look at the records of who they're playing.
Gamham34::http://gifura.orzhk.org/src/1332235315120.swf - YAO MING SAYS HE MIGHT COME BACK TO THE NBA (English translated)
Ireland297::This was most likely the last game with name" New orleans Hornets"
tcccfrom713::New Oreans Saints, and the New Orleans Sinners
tigerlive::I doubt we can get everything approved before next season. I think we have one more season of the Hornets
tigerlive::honestly unless we can get the Jazz back, which is highly unlikely I would prefer to keep the Hornets which won't happen
vancity8535::ffffuuuccckkkk why would u guys bet ur money on hornets!!!!! like comon
aboabo1176::I do that too, but you still have to play the cards you're  dealt...just sayin
tigerlive::but you have control on how you bet, when you bet, and all that. you have more control than what 5 people you don't know are doing
aboabo1176::What can you bet on that you DO have control over?
tigerlive::poker?
mark_aggs::great advise after the gamme ur very bright there dork
Ireland297::The hornets were tanking no starters were in. You had to be stupid to pick the hornets
tigerlive::anyone that bets money on the NBA deserves to lose. I never bet on sports. period. If I am going to bet, it will be something I actually have some control over
enceladusMonster::i was dead sure this was houstons game ;) since begining....
enceladusMonster::^ troll alert !!! :P
mark_aggs::no really, u r great. i mean it, maybe ur related to god almighty
enceladusMonster::i duno if ure being sarcastic but when hornets had a 14 point lead i have been barking since then on this forum :D anyhow...have fun gamblers ;)
mark_aggs::ur so great
mark_aggs::why did NO shoot like 7 3s in the 4th?
enceladusMonster::lmfao :P romeo u happy now ;)
Ireland297::Fun season. Cant wait till the draft . GO HORNETS!
sccfan352::$@%!$@% lost this game on purpose
Ireland297::Cant wait . Im hoping we get Anthony Davis. But thats unlikely.
tigerlive::never underestimate the Stern lottery fix
tigerlive::Can't wait till next season and our playoff run. I am tired of all this wanting to tank talk from fans. I even hated where I wasn't upset with a loss, even though I rooted for us every game
Arizona_Sting::you guys gotta bright future with those two lottery picks in a stacked draft
Bulldogg4577::i could have scored six points a lone just heaving up shots
Ireland297::Big deal. Our scrubs who never played were playing. They were taking horable shots. Quit playing the blame game.
Ireland297::lol ya^ thats true
Bulldogg4577::yeah their shots were as bad as your spelling
Arizona_Sting::Thanks Houston! Now we get the better pick most likely!
mark_aggs::ur cluless, who the $@%! care about a pick, what does it really mean when every game is controlled by money. sooooo dumb
mark_aggs::a pick???? wtf are u serious., like the games are real? its a show for vegas stupid foocker
Arizona_Sting::draft pick? do you not know what basketball is?
mark_aggs::someone should have to explain that. its just not right.,
Bulldogg4577::game wasnt fixed all the public money was on houston. new orleans just sucks that bad
mark_aggs::ur a vcomplete dick and blind as a motherles fooocker
Bulldogg4577::makes me sick how pathetic that was
NardVa::6 Points in the 4th set the NBA records for lowest points in a quarter.
bc3228::Fewest points in a quarter 2 by the Dallas Mavericks at the Los Angeles Lakers on April 6, 1997 2 by the Golden State Warriors vs. the Toronto Raptors on February 8, 2004
UMiamiCapper::Lies ... Go $@%! Yourself.  2 points – Golden State vs. Toronto, February 8, 2004
romeo8880::Nope, a couple teams have scored 2.  I think I remember the Mavericks scoring 2 against the Lakers once.
UMiamiCapper::SIX.  $@%!$@% SIX POINTS  SIX.  They scored 29 points in the third quarter and SIX in the 4th.  ARE YOU $@%!$@% KIDDING ME
Bulldogg4577::and thats why youre the new orleans hornets. 6 freaking points and lose the cover
mark_aggs::ends at 6 with a 5.5 spread, naaa not fixed, i $@%!$@% basket
NardVa::NO only made 1 FG  in the 4th...LOL....and Stern said the games are not fixed....sure they not
Ireland297::Dude our scrubs that didnt even dress most  the whole season were playing. We were tanking . What did you expect. They were taking horable shots.
romeo8880::Just glad it was fixed in my favor this time.  Definitely fixed though.
mark_aggs::and there is the cover.....
dan13146::6 points in a quarter Really NO
Twuan89::As a Suns Fan,  I hope the Rockets hold on and win that way the Suns would get the #12 spot in the NBA Draft.
romeo8880::Give me and Houston pickers our moneyyyyy
vancity8535::how much u win?
romeo8880::Yessssssss
NardVa::Hornets only made 1 FG in the 4th..WTF
vancity8535::dude hornets sux bro
mark_aggs::2 baskets for NO, they just stopped playing,
NardVa::They tanked for a better odds with the draft.
rham2826::boooom give me my moneyyyyy booom
NardVa::How do you score under 10 pts in a quarter?
MomsSpaghetti72::because there tanking, unfortunatly, they couldnt have made it anymore obvious
NardVa::NO had the game won. Almost think they threw the game for a  better draft pick.
Metro2010::If only they threw the one yesterday they'd be tied with the Wizards for second worst record.
UMiamiCapper::What a terrible way to lose my last $2,200.  Thought my second half over was locked after the third quarter.    $@%!
tigerlive::you aint followed the hornets this season have you? always take the under
NardVa::Game Over....
rham2826::yes 3 ballll lfggggggggggggggg
