Michael Huang::Harden is clutch, lol
Sina Soheili::A huge Mavs fan here. We took & earned that victory. With that said Harden is super clutch but every player has their head shaking moments during the clutch. Tonight was not hardens night, credit goes out to Matrix & Crowder!!!
Bronya Vogel::Suna what happen to Harden in the finals for OK. Oh yea he disappeared,  he far from super clutch by far. You have obviously don't watch harden much. Yes he is a great player but clutch he is not.
Paul Yang::Coach McFAIL played a BIG part in this loss.  He let the 15-2 run by Dallas go without making any line up change.  I like Beverly as a defensive guy BUT he is a bench player - not a starter.  He could not stop Monte Ellis today.  J.Lin had a bad game - but played only 17 minutes - but if you watch the game, J. Lin played about 12 real minutes - he got put in last 1-2 minutes of each quarter.    J. LIN has been averaging 22 pts 8 asst per game in the LAST 5 Games.  (18 pts - 7 asst for the season).    J.LIN gets 17 mins.. no rhythm with so LITTLE minutes for a PG.
Ryan Cook::Please stop your asian biased opinions towards this team. It is becoming rather annoying. Just find another team.... go away...
Kamuela Kane::Ryan Cook You hurting I bet to constantly hear Asian this, Asian that, Lin Lin Lin. Bigotry is what I sense in you.
James Kim::Ryan Cook Way to tell him off Ryan. Doesn't he know that only White guys from Texas city high can have an opinion on the team? lol.
Denzel Boksingero::Mavericks to McHale: Nice coaching. Keep it up !
Spidey Pete::Bev is better 6th man than Lin but don't tell McHale
Newton StGeorges::I thought Beverly got the starting nod because of his defense and ability to hit spot up jumpers. But not only did he allow Monte Ellis to go off for 37, he played 20 more minutes than Jeremy Lin(who had an off night but avgs 18ppg) and only mustered 9pts. I imagine Lin would do a lot more damage in that time span and his 6'3" frame would've helped against Ellis. Get it together McHale!!
John Lee::When McHale scapegoat JLin for the team's lack of defense by starting Beverly, his decision better show result,  otherwise you are just excusing everyone (players and coaches) for the STILL piss poor defense.  Gutless!!
Kamuela Kane::I'm tired of all this BS and coaching ineptitude. Trade both Lin and Asik - if you have enough guts - so that we fans can see what kind of team and players you really have...without these two valuable players. Come on...do it!
Jeff Gatlin::They play Beverly only because he looks more intimidating than Lin. He's a muscle car with bad breaks.
Andy P Kordyban::Can we just move Indiana,  Chicago and Miami to the West... Sacramento, Utah, and the Lakers to the East... and make the East the D-League and just have the west as the NBA?
Edwin Stagg::Lol at the greatest franchise going to the d-league lmao funny how a couple of games into the season without kobe yall act like we aint been to the finals 32 times
Jose Armando Oviedo::Andy you're dumb as f*ck.
Bronya Vogel::Well the Lakers have been a joke now going on 3 seasons now. If you think this laker team can compete in the West. Then you should have your head checked. You are as only as good as your record says. And their record says they sick. All that counts is this season and none of the past does count. The Lakers will either miss the playoffs or be another first round exit easy.
Michael Huang::In the last 3 minutes of the game, Dwight had a technical foul (a point to the Mavs), a missed free throw, and 2 shots blocked by Nowitzki and Dalembert.  He's just not used to being the man in crunch time as Kobe did all the heavy lifting last year by hitting clutch shot after clutch shot.
Mike Rose::He is a liability during that time of course. Only thing he's useful for is rebounding and clogging the paint.
Adam Youman::yea that was kinda a pathetic quarter for both Howard and Harden. neither could really be counted on at the end of the game
Justin Mahurin::Harden got shut down by the Matrix.. RECOGNIZE! Howard is a better fit for the mavs. They don't need the offensive help. Just the defensive. Orlando utilized him defensively but the Lakers and now the Rockets are making him out to be an offensive star which he was never meant to be. Text book bad coaching and front office.. Know your players and there strengths. Im sure those 2 teams would have started Dirk at center just cause he is 7' even though he cant play D.
Rachel Lord::Jeremy Lin was yo-yoed in and out of the game again. Sure, you let him play in-and-out 17 minutes. How can a player's rhythm,performance & morale not be affected?
Ben Kim Hine::Agreed. Lin was averaging 22 pts a game for the last 5 games. For a player of this magnitude to be treated this way is out of line. Call it silent racism, team politics, religious (dis)favoritism, or what you will, but you are wasting talent. He never had a chance to get any rhythm. I am starting to jump on the "get rid of McHale" bandwagon. He simply does not seem to have what it takes. This team has so much talent right now. If the Rockets are only hovering around .500 after 20 games or so, McHale should be seriously evaluated. My goodness, this game was ugly to watch from a tactical point of view (for Houston). With all due respect, if you have such an alleged great on-the-ball defender like Beverly, why does Monta get 37 points? Perhaps his defensive skills are marginal after all, and Harden simply will not get it done. According to stats.NBA.com, Lin is ranked 85th for defensive impact while Beverly is 109. I could not find Harden - gave up after the top 300. This team does not make sense. If they don't find a winning identity at the quarter point of the season, a capable coach should be inserted.
Spidey Pete::McHale is just messing JLin head about 6th man s*** Gutless coaching, why not just trade both JLin & Asik to Lakers
Dante Barrett::Ben Kim Hine Don't try to pull race or any discrimination card... Yes Lin should be starting but its because Patrick Beverly is not bad either, especially on defensive end and Jeremy Lin is a liability to have 7-8 turnovers any given night
Paddisha Emperi Shadam IV::When lin doesn't play, the rockets don't do well. Lin needs to be the starter and getting 30+ mins.
William Hendricks::Lin sucked tonight.
Paddisha Emperi Shadam IV::yes and beverly was amazing, you miss the point.
Kamuela Kane::sir, you sucked before even making that comment.
Brandon Johnson::Prediction: D-12 storms off the court in tears during a 2nd quarter timeout after Kevin McHale raises his voice. James Harden tears his ACL on a flop. Mavs win by 27 and all is right in the world.
Ryan Cook::Wishing a player tears his ACL? I hope that dog in your gay picture gets hit by a car. You see that? That's the kind of crap that you produce when you run your mouth. But keep talking down about other peoples teams in your own state, its what people from up there are known for. Who is the 4th largest city in the U.S. again? Oh yea, Houston.... ok
Tom Porter::It's the 1st largest craphole.  Missing out on Dwight for Monta is looking pretty good for the Mavs.
Hungkit Yiu::wishing a player tears his ACL? you are a sick , sick , sick person
Daniel Wong::Should be a good game. Picking Houston for a close win ..
Jane Lee::Can't believe it, you were right
James Dalton::Mavs won!!
Chris Bates::Looks like you were wrong. Mavs win by 3.
Evonne Brazell::Monta is a beast.
Dominic Wingate::Harden, Howard, Parsons that's Houston's Big 3 they will go as far as these guys will take them. Good game im seeing from all 3.
Bruce S Hirsch::wrong again
Bruce S Hirsch::hey dominic...whose guarding ellis
Dominic Wingate::Are you just acting like an idiot or should i be worried, because i would luv to know whose your Houston's top 3? And everybody is trying to stick Ellis the guy is good it's as simple as that.
Jason Vu::McHale had some bad rotations in the 4th...not sure if he is the right coach for this team
Craig Keller::there is no right team for mchale, he is piss poor coach!!!!!
Sina Soheili::Rockets had a good off season & Dallas looked like they struck out but came out great with a bunch of solid pieces. Houston's ridiculous motto (and I laughed hard when I heard this) was "#a new age" after Wednesdays loss to Dallas their new motto will be the same as their old one & that's #still the 3rd best team in Texas. Dwight choose a good team but Dallas would have been his best choice!!!
David Aulds::Who's losing by 12 points right now?
Casey Bogle::David Aulds Who won the Game?
Ryan Cook::Do you really think you won that game....? Lol you won't get away with those blatant fouls that close to the end of the game in the playoffs. You probably won't get them the rest of the year if Joey Crawford isn't there. Those two obvious HACKS within the last two minutes. But I wish you luck with the rest of your season, I don't believe in talking down about a team in my state. The rest of the U.S. does that enough.
Steven Rivera::Defense doesnt exists in Houston LOL
Elmer Ramos Jr::Beverly needs to sit back on the bench!
Aldrich Policarpio::Asik will have a career high in crying tonight
Craig Keller::need to trade asik and lin for rondo and humphry and 1 other from boston
Aaron Her Na Dez::Dallas > houston
Cody Peck::Series is tied 1 to 1 so your logic is flawed.
Elmer Ramos Jr::Lin > Beverly...
Brett Reid::having lin on to start the 4th started that stupid run by the mavs..
Rotimi Osobu::Brett Chopper Reid But Lin had 0 turnover and he's not the only one on the court
Kamuela Kane::You a dummy Brett. Once they pulled Lin out it was the beginning of the end for the Rox
Matt Pilkington::Hey Mavs fans .... Win or lose, your team is still garbage.  That is all
Sina Soheili::Stop looking in the mirror, because what u will see is the pure definition of garbage!!!
Brandon Johnson::Scroll up... they're both 7-4 Einstein.
Matt Pilkington::Brandon Johnson, I never said anything about records, just pointing out your team is doo doo.  Win or lose.  DFW, right? Y'all don't read so good in those parts
Ben Kim Hine::Lin was averaging 22 pts a game for the last 5 games. For a player of this magnitude to be treated this way is out of line. Call it silent racism, team politics, religious (dis)favoritism, or what you will, but you are wasting talent. He never had a chance to get any rhythm. I am starting to jump on the "get rid of McHale" bandwagon. He simply does not seem to have what it takes. This team has so much talent right now. If the Rockets are only hovering around .500 after 20 games or so, McHale should be seriously evaluated. My goodness, this game was ugly to watch from a tactical point of view (for Houston). With all due respect, if you have such an alleged great on-the-ball defender like Beverly, why does Monta get 37 points? Perhaps his defensive skills are marginal after all, and Harden simply will not get it done. According to stats.NBA.com, Lin is ranked 85th for defensive impact while Beverly is 109. I could not find Harden - gave up after the top 300. This team does not make sense. If they don't find a winning identity at the quarter point of the season, a capable coach should be inserted.
Guy Mann::Glad the Mavs won.  Lin has to be traded.  Harden and Lin cannot coexist together.  It's what's best for the Rockets and Lin in the long run.  Move he and Asik to a team that needs a scoring PG and a tall rebounder.
Jean Chen::If Houston not going to use Lin and give him consistent minutes, they should trade Lin where they need a good scoring point guard. Again, they using Lin as they did last year.
Vincent Lee::Just why did Harden play 43 mins, even major mins with the 2nd unit ? All burnt-out when we needed him the most !? The ANSWER is he got the greenlight to pad his superstar stats !!! BS coaching !!!
Mike Plummer::Dwight needs to get nasty like Hakeem. He has a lot of ability but doesn't take the game seriously and clowns around like a kid. Grow up dude. Get mad and dominate.
Shanny Salcedo::he is averaging 14 rebounds and playing d....He was brought in for defense nothing more
Mike Plummer::That's good because his offence is a joke. It's been ten years. At some point you just realize that he doesn't have the offensive gene and will never average more than 20 points. Waste of talent. Shame.
Allen Zhang::Mike Plummer But Howard averaged 20 points per game for 4 season when he was with Orlando
Thomas Mann::Good job as usual Kevin....... I'm done watching the rockets until they get a real coach!!
Thomas Mann::Sekou Garrett I just did moron
Thomas Mann::Sekou Garrett it's the coach's fault that Harden is in there ball hogging... the COACH is responsible... he can stop it but he doesn't ... Harden will continue to ruin this team as long as the coach lets him.... (so at least we agree that Harden is a cancer)
Ryan Cook::Thomas Mann. You are an idiot.  Please, do us fans that understand basketball a favor, and never tune in again.  You have an understanding of the game the way Kwame Brown does. You wouldn't understand something as simple as having Harden in alone makes that team respect the lane. We fell to some TERRIBLE no calls that were straight hacks two times in the last two minutes. Harden put this team on the map you clown. It will only get better with time and I won't expect you to be there when it does you fairweather piece of trash. GTFO
