Michael Huang::Harden shoots 18% while the other Rockets shot 39%, yet he just kept on shooting.  And Dwight is complaining about Kobe?  Like Kobe, Harden shoots a lot, but unlike Kobe, Harden is not as good of a shooter, has no heart, no killer instinct, and most of all, has not a clutch bone in his body.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Not even close and Harden rarely shoots inside the arc and outside the paint. So all you really have to do is play up on him at the 3 point line and bring help if he blows by you. He will either throw up a wild brick hoping to get the foul call or turn the ball over.
Michael Huang::James Harden was fuming after the game, cussing and punching the locker.  Reporters told him that it's just one game and that he should not take this loss that seriously.   Harden looked at the reporter and said:  "who's mad about the loss, I'm just pissed that I missed tying the NBA record by 1 shot attempt."   Reporter asked Harden what he meant by that.   Harden said:  "Antoine Walker holds the all-time NBA record for most 3-point attempts without a make at 0-11, I barely missed tying him by just 1 3-point attempt.by going 0-10 tonight.  That really sucks.  I'll try for that record again in our next game against the Warriors."
Adam Youman::what?? wheres your source?
Leland Wong::I hope he is just joking..
Adam Youman::Leland Wong i was thinking maybe he is making a very elaborate joke insulting harden for his awful performance tonight....but idk
Randyl Ybanez::they surely missed J Lin at this point in time..
Steven Rivera::Looks like the Rockets need there MVP Lin
Figaro Tsai::In the absence of Lin and Parsons, Rockets are ready for their losing streak. I don't know why Mchale relies on harden so much. He still has no idea of the core problem of his team.
Tuan Nguyen::Rockets need floor general Jeremy Lin back quickly before this gets worst.
Jason Vu::The general was smirking on the bench with Parsons...he said to Parsons..."Looks like i'm worth more than i thought"
Dustin Thomas::Jason Vu Negative to both of you.  Parson's is the main man on this team  However, I trust Lin more than I do Harden at this point
Laurence Chu::If u talk abt scoring alone , yes parsons may give you a slightly better hope , primarily due to his post . But , what we are lacking now is both scoring AND teamwork , which only Lin can offer to the team .
Yinan Chen::No Parsons, no Lin, Harden chucking up bricks, no win here.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Harden should be banned from shooting threes just on tonight alone. Good lord, can this superstar do anything on offense other than hit threes and score at the rim? Where is the in between mid range game that MJ and Kobe and even Wade mastered? WTF?
Fan Cheng::He's not a good 3pt shooter  When will he realize?
Patrick Foote::Fan Cheng he is good, but gets lazy and throws up bad shots.
Jason Vu::Analytics from Morey says the midrange game isn't efficient...you either go to the hole or shoot the 3...that is what the Rockets philosophy is based on though i have to somewhat disagree...i do think the midrange jumper is needed at times when defenders close out on the 3pt shooters...also, the pull up jumper during a fast break is needed at times too
Jose Raul Machuca::THIS GAME IS SO FIXED...SO IF YOU BET ON IT..MOVE ON....THE SUNS WILL WIN..THAT'S HOW VEGAS WANT IT.  PEACE
David Morant::Harden has 5 turnovers ... and 3 made shots ... Great game!  He needs to supplement Parsons' salary methinks!  This game is eerily similar to the Utah. We get down by a ton ... fight back ... then when we get close ... we blink and we're down by 7 again.  I get the feeling we're gonna have the same outcome.
Calvin Long::The Rox started to trail off after Lin got injured.  They remembered to play team ball against Brooklyn, then almost forgot against the Spurs, then completely lost it to Utah and Phoenix.  Superstars gotta step up, or can they?
Houmpheng Phonsavath::Beverly=garbage.
Selvin Aceituno::The whole Rockets team tonight.
Sammy Bissett::Some of the stuff on here is comical....13-7 and 3 of their top 4 players have missed games due to injury, Rockets really suck this year. It's a marathon not a sprint. Chemistry issues don't get solved over night and the Suns came to play tonight. This team should make the 2nd round of the playoffs and might sneak into the WCF if they get all the right bounces but lets see them hit on all cylinders before saying people need to go.
David Morant::I concur with everything you've written here ... wholeheartedly.
Michael Huang::David Morant - no one would have doubted you even without the wholeheartedly
Sammy Bissett::Sekou, we get you're butthurt. Your FO blew it with the coach, 3 of our 4 vaunted allstars were past their prime, and Dwight did not like L.A. We get it, you'll be on here hating till Dwight leaves.   Cute stat with the 103 PPG with a healthy Howard. Use the per 100 possessions stat because that shows efficiency. We are a more efficient team overall and that's with the 10 or so games where we tried to make the Twin Tower theory work. I'll take this 13-7 talented team over your team any day. Enjoy the next few years filled with 1st round exits and the legendary Xavier Henry taking you guys to the promise land.
David Morant::I don't quite get why Harden is still jacking up 3's ... He's 0 for 9 ...  Makes no sense. Dude has no conscience ... Which is fine if you're hitting ... But I think 0 for 9 should kinda give him the idea he's not.
Jason Vu::Rockets really missed Lin and Parsons....Lin would've attacked the basket more instead of settling for 3s which the Rox missed alot...
Matt Micros::Interesting that the Rockets went on a winning streak when Harden was out, but have lost 2 straight with Lin out.
Patrick Foote::yeah, lin is definitely the better player than harden...
Craig Keller::Patrick Foote Lin is not  better player just better team player, this year for sure. Harden is playing like he's in the playoffs again, that's why OKC dumped his and that salary.
Jason Vu::Rockets had an 8-0 run during 4th qt when Harden was out to close the gap to 75-71..then when Harden came in, the momentum changed. Harden is still the Rockets best player, but sometimes, the coach has to go with the flow which Mchale didn't do.
April Cikstean::Harden's 3 for 15 tonight what's going oooooooon. We need Chandler and Jeremy back!
Pierre Aviles::Funny thing is that Dwight left the Lakers cause of Kobe and No D'Antoni, but Harden is not doing that well like last year and Rockets still have a horrible defense. I'm glad this clown left LA.
Bredy Charles::Laker fans obsessed with the Heat and Houston (two teams who are better than the Lakers). When the struggle is real, I guess a loss makes you feel good.
Bredy Charles::Sekou Garrett He took the bait lol, jesus guy let it go. He is calling the Rockets a joke even though these teams have more meetings. Calm down stan.
Bredy Charles::Sekou Garrett  Laker fans and last year…awww the memories, well anyways troll on
Maris Bumanis::Funny that Howard fled to Rockets and his stats actually got worse compared to last year when he was playing injured.
Lester Avellan::Houston we have a problem! Harden went for 3 for 17 and came out with 14 points. That's a high volume shots of garbage.
Carlos Halaby::All dwight coward did was go to mess up another team!! Lol... be careful what you wish for Harden!!!
Figaro Tsai::Whenever Harden sits on the bench, the ball among Rockets players starts moving.
Yinan Chen::he's kind of like Carmelo, except the rest of the Knicks are trash
Matt Beggs::no one on the Rockets team shot 50 percent tonight
David Morant::Ahhhhhhh ... You beat me to it!  I was waiting for the game to officially end to post it. ;)
Saravana Amalan Kulasingham::Harden struggles all the time and he isn't even facing a double-team like Wade used to before the post-2010 Heat. Besides Wade's health atm, skill wise a nd when he is healthy playing he's leagues above Harden.
