Rip City Forever::I live in portland played high school ball and local college ball, but I grew up playing the same years k love did at lake Oswego. Am I a jealous? Yeah a little bit. But I always knew he was going to the league and I probably wasn't. With that said everyone needs to know that this kid was a spoiled rich $@% punk in high school who was babied into getting everything he wanted, and treated other people like crap. Just thought y'all should know. Punk !$@
eototalt::Trust me, nobody cares.
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Shut up
Rip City Forever::As long as Kevin love is ur dude you will never be successful in this league. Period.
kwheels22::LOL , even AFTER Denver just beat Minnesota, their record is still the SAME as ours..  yet here they are hating on Love and saying the Wolves suck hahaha... we still are missing our best playmaker and defensive player.  Not to mention this is still Love's FIRST game back haha. idiots. no respect for troll fanbases.
Young_Guru303::9 games on the road compared to 3 at home. I'd say 6-6 is a pretty damn good record. Wolves will be an 8th seed this year and they'll get bounced out of the first round. Kevin Love will get tired of losing (and living in the $@%! state of Minnesota) and he'll leave as soon as he gets the opportunity. I know it sucks, but that's just reality.
eototalt::You are a jerk to people on an internet board. Your mother must be really proud.
RoidRage1986::Just shut it already. The Nuggets have played the most road games of any team so far this season! Denver is CLEARLY the better team. Once January hits, Denver will probably go somewhere around 15-3 to be OKC's only competition in this division. Denver will be fighting for a 3-5 seed and the Wolves will be fighting for 7-8 if they are that lucky. Denver has OWNED the Wolves since Love has been there so good luck with that. You just sound like a sore loser.
eototalt::Get real dude the Nuggets and Wolves will be 6 and 7 seed.
Young_Guru303::I lost a lot of respect for Love in this game once he threw a fit after throwing Koufus to the ground and then asking a ref for a T on Faried when he clearly didn't deserve it. What a whiny $@%!$.
Young_Guru303::And I'm not whining, we won the game. I'm just saying Love is a punk $@% diva like all the other all stars in the NBA.
Young_Guru303::Really, people aren't taking my word as the word of God? No wonder society is so $@%!$@ up, they're not following a model for perfection.
eototalt::You mean how he shoved Koufos away after he had his forearm on Love's throat? Yeah Love was out of line. (Sarcasm)
kwheels22::i highly doubt anyone cares man, sorry. maybe you should go whine somewhere else.
EricDavis0822::Let's offer Love and Ridnour to Denver for Faried, Wilson Chandler, and Ty Lawson.
kwheels22::no thanks.. we need someone who can score.  Having Shved, Barea, Lawson and Rubio would do us no good.  And neither would having Faried, Williams Budinger, AK47, Chandler and Cunningham all playing Forward.
Ross0622::This game is and forever will be about.. buckets
Zippppppppp::Classic Love. No one puts up emptier stats.
jmar2233::Yep.  It was Love's fault that the four guards in the game went 11/37 from the field.  Guy sucks.
eototalt::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
HoraceGrants::Who is this Kevin Love guy?  Never heard of him  -NBA playoffs
FTLakerFan::guy is amazing, to bad he plays on a bad team
maypandasuniteasone::Lol bad team?? Practically our whole starting line up has been out plus key bench players and we are still at .500.... Once january hits and everyones ready to roll, this team will be hard to stop.
eototalt::They really aren't that bad of a team. Just injured. I wouldn't expect a Laker fan to understand the subtleties.
karelp::Trust me, if he played on a good team, the stats would go down considerably.  It's easy to put up big numbers on a bad team.  He's a good player, but he'd be a 20-21 ppg/ 11-12 rpg  guy on a good team, and less than that on a great team.  Here's what typically happens when a good player on a bad team moves to a good team:  Bosh 24.0/10.8 to 18.7/8.3 Garnett 22.4/12.8 to 18.8/9.2
eototalt::Players usually score less when they are no longer the center of the offense. Thank You Captain Obvious!
nietoadrian::dont worry, denver is very good team, and love, peko and barea was the first game after injury, the team only need play together
karelp::I don't think Denver is as good as last year.  The losses of Afflalo, Harrington, and Nene are big, and Iguodala is a tad overrated.
Chris Hansen Dateline.::I'm not a "hater." I followed Love closely in college, earning my undergrad at UCLA, and I've been disappointed with his professional career. He puts up awesome numbers, but I want to see him win playoff games more than anything.
Chris Hansen Dateline.::If they get healthy, they'll defiantly make the playoffs.
karelp::Perhaps, but they'll be a first-round exit.  Also, I doubt they'll be "defiant" in making the playoffs. :-)
eototalt::agreed. They should have signed the White Mamba as a good luck charm. Maybe he could have broken this injury curse. lol
eototalt::You will, this is the first season he actually has help. Nobody, even MJ can win alone.
jeamos::I realize Love came back last night, but zero minutes for D. Williams.. What's w/that?  (I don't usually watch t-wolve games)
maypandasuniteasone::D-Will and Ridnour for Tyreke Evans? Hmmm interesting. Don't know if thats the right move for the Wolves though. We need a knock down shooter. But yeah, D-Will needs to go, I can see him flourishing in other systems. No bueno for Adelman though.
eototalt::It's just a rumor. Some others involve Morrow or Korver
Wildcats Own Omaha 2012::They probably don't want to risk him getting injured before they trade him. He'll be better off somewhere else. Drafting him never made any sense for Minnesota in the first place. But that's why the franchise has never accomplished anything - poor decision making.
eototalt::I don't want to play Monday Morning Quarterback. If it had worked out then it would be an amazing pick having him and Love on the court at the same time.
eototalt::He really isn't good and doesn't play well in Adelman's system. He is in the doghouse. I am hoping the rumors about them trading Williams, Ridnour for Tyreke Evans are true. Some other parts might be involved. Nothing would happen until Rubio comes back though.
Wildcats Own Omaha 2012::D-Will isn't good but he was the leading scorer and rebounder just a few nights ago? Great logic. Now I see why the Wolves never won anything. :)
Fruity_Pebbles44::damn a lot of Love haters on this board smh...
eototalt::Jealous haters. They wished he was on their team.
eototalt::LoL @ all these trolls on here. If Love was on their team he would be God's gift to basketball.
Sp1d3r1::Loves stats are better then dirk ever were
Chris Hansen Dateline.::That's bull. Dirks a much more gifted scorer. You're delusional.
Wildcats Own Omaha 2012::Sure, his numbers look nice. But he will never be as great as Nowitzki who takes a team all the way to the top. Since Dirk came to Dallas the Mavs have been a contender every single year. KL and the Wolves, not so much. Just to put things into perspective.
Chris Hansen Dateline.::Eot, I agree with you. I think this Wolves team is loaded, they're fun to watch. But the injury bug has been in Minnesota for what seems like 5-10 years now. They'll make the playoffs, I hope they do.
Chris Hansen Dateline.::Butler didn't play most of the season, none of the playoffs, Jet came off the bench. LOADED.
eototalt::The Wolves WILL make the playoffs this year. This is the first year their overall roster doesn't suck. They got rid of all the trash like Darko, Beasley, Johnson etc... It is just a shame that they have had to deal with this many injuries. Even with last years roster they would have made the playoffs. Going into the game where Rubio got hurt they had won like 12 of 15. After Rubio went down, Pekovic went down and then the season folded. It's hard to win with that many of your stars injured. I don't care who you are you can't win alone in the NBA. This year he has help and now they just have to get healthy and stay healthy.
jamesaustere::I suppose Kidd, JET and Butler are all chumps.
Wildcats Own Omaha 2012::Nowitzki was the only All-Star on Dallas' roster. No, they were definitely not loaded.
Chris Hansen Dateline.::No, they weren't. Name two other decent scorers on the championship team.
jamesaustere::And his Dallas teams weren't loaded? Love actually rebounds too.
Chris Hansen Dateline.::Love's about filling the fact sheet, not about winning games.
Charliemyboy2::I think Love is about Love and has an unethical playing streak. Dirty. Look at Rose; if he was healthy: contenders. Love will never take a team to the top.
eototalt::Thank you for your incredible insight Nostradamus. Funny, people used to say the same thing about Kobe and MJ.
Wildcats Own Omaha 2012::Too bad KL is a ball hog who takes away shots from his teammates. Bottom line: With or without him, the Wolves keep losing and will miss the playoffs like they always do.
Excelscior1::Love is 6'9". But who's counting. He's still an excellent player.
karelp::6'10"
eototalt::Way to be a troll on Thanksgiving. Your family must be so proud.
jamesaustere::If I had a dude who was 6'11 and could dominate inside and from beyond the arc, I would feed him all night. He could take 50 shots for all I care.
jamesaustere::Whether he wins a championship or not, I'd have more respect for him if he tried doing it on his own instead of teaming up with his buddies.
Wildcats Own Omaha 2012::What difference does it make when your team is a joke? KL's numbers will barely be remembered because he and the Wolves will never win a championship. You can't possibly be content with that, unless you're a fan of the Washington Generals, too.
eototalt::By the end of December he will probably have Rubio dishin him the ball too.
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::Kevin Love is the best white boy in the league, hands down!!
Excelscior1::Kevin Love=Best Power Forward in the NBA, easily.
Charliemyboy2::He couldn't put Duncan's shoes on. There are intangibles in a team sport. Love doesn't have the disposition/savvy.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Kevin Love doesn't get enough credit for what he does on the basketball court. Dude puts up insane numbers!
karelp::Bottom line is they lost...it does no good to stat stuff if you lose.
eototalt::I agree that Rubio is the most valuable player on the team. He is the engine, the tone setter.
karelp::But, without him, they did just beat a really good Grizz team and were over .500.  Also, Rubio is more valuable.  They were over .500 with him and way below .500 without him last year.
eototalt::They weren't going to go undefeated once he came back.
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.:::)
abovethelies2::Too early in the season to worry...It was great getting K Love back and JJ and Pek but it always takes a few games for the players to get their "game" legs back and mesh.....The biggest disappointment was the disappearing act by AK47....The worse game of the year for him second to none.....The Wolves win if he remotely showed up on D or O.....
abovethelies2::The Lakers have issues.... Talented YES......They will improve but when??......and when they do look out!!!t But then they play in the West and it might be too late for them to recover...
eototalt::Look at the Lakers lol  Chemistry is important.
B3672::they get a new coach and still lose
eototalt::The Wolves will be fine. They were destroying the Nuggets in the first half. Problem is in the 2nd half Love stopped playing out of his mind good. And the rest of the team started playing like crap for some reason. The Bench cannot give up huge leads like they did and expect to win. One thing we have to do is get better at perimeter defense, one thing that will get way better once we get Rubio back. Way to many open threes for the Nuggets wing players.
abovethelies2::Both are if they don't lose any key players.....I never felt comfortable when the Wolves had the huge lead because Denver was getting open 3's but missing....The adrenaline is ALWAYS a factor for returning players...then the legs realize they haven't played in a long time and then the energy goes away. Look at how all the returning players played in the 2nd half....Pek was dead legged, JJ lost a step and K Love wasn't as active....Have a great T-Day
jayeteee::Well, the reason your team didn't play so well in the 2nd half could be traced back to who they were playing. The Nuggets adjusted in the 2nd half and proved tp be the better team. You have to agree any time a team gets a road win in the NBA they must be doing something right. It was a good game. A tale of two halves w/ the Nuggets getting the better of it. We'll see you guys soon enough and then maybe you'll get your redemption. G/L. Go Nuggets!!!!
eototalt::I agree. The Nuggets played extremely well in the second half. If any game is an example of the phrase "tale of two halves" it would be this one. I think both of these teams are playoff teams.
abovethelies2::Denver is a very good team...no embarrassment losing to them. The Wolves will be fine once the returning players get their "game" legs and start to mesh.....AK 47 had his worse game of the year.....The Wolves need him to do more than score 7 pts and 8 boards ...his Def was terrible which is suppose to be his strong suit...
Poopygas::Wolves season is over. No more wins.
B3672::sucks to be u
charlie hustle bets the over::How are you not banned yet?!
B3672::i agree
eototalt::I'd like him to be.
XxLeprechaunxX::Didnt catch the game, looks like an incredibly disappointing one... another love big night with no Defense, sad the box score looks like one from last year or the year before
iamme73::K. Love continues his tradition of getting his numbers while his team loses.  He took all the shots.
eototalt::He had nothing to do with the loss. I might be wrong but I think I saw last night the Wolves were +7 with him on the court.
scott.russell33::I'd bet that Dirk at SF love at PF Kaman at C Nash at PG and Reddick or Korver at SG would win at least 2 rings.  Can't have all white players though, it will show up the black guys with superior shooting and the concept of actual TEAM basketball. Hahahaha what a society we have made eh?  Pity.
Lamar Kardashian59::Put Marc Gasol at the C rather than Kaman.
Excelscior1::Love how you guys acknowledge the white foreign players in basketball, but  you don't acknowledge the black foreign player in baseball (just cause many of them speak Spanish). SMH. And who cares about the structure of the T Wolves anyway. That's a non issue.
scott.russell33::Regardless, Love, Dirk, and Kaman together?  Forget about it, they'd be a force.
scott.russell33::Not really, what message does it send to little white kids that you can have five blacks and not five whites on a team?  That's kinda messed up isn't it?  Those little kids nor you or I had nothing to do with slavery.  As long as there is special treatment racism will never go away.  Everyone equal right?
UNC Tarheels28501::Here we go with this crap. This whole black/white crap never seize to amaze me. It's 2012 and we still stuck on this? Really? No wonder the rest of the world has caught up with us. If it bothers you that much then you have a choice. Race doesn't matter. It matters to the select few who always bring up the subject to justify their sick ideas.
scott.russell33::That's BS look at Duke every year......white ball players thrive under COACHING and structure.  Coach K beats the tar out of the black teams every year with superior team play.  There aren't coaches on the playground which is why blacks play well in the NBA it's ghetto street ball with little or no structure.  Which makes for an exciting show, but it's not really the same game.  Why do you think the refs call such a loose game in the NBA?  Bird McHale and Ainge dominated many many black players with coaching (a black coach btw) and solid fundamentals.  The NBA is a joke and a sideshow......kinda like pro wrestling.....it's got it's characters, bullies, heroes.......Stern ruined the NBA all in the name of $$$$.  So to say white players aren't that good is BS......they just don't fit into the hip hop freakshow known as the NBA.  Go to the Indiana state high school tournament and tell me white kids can't play.
ESPNisBSNEWS::the  twolves start pek love ak47 and rubio because they are the best at their position, not because of how they look. an not trying to sound racist, but most white nba players are from europe, cuz the stereotypical white american isnt that good...btw dirk love reddick nash all arent good defenders...two rings??? last thing i will leave u with is that in the nba there are many teams where their best players are black, and no teams where their best 5 are white...minny is close
mawright04::You are all types of screwed up lol.
scott.russell33::Best player in the NBA.....just goes to show that fundamentals trump flash.  Too bad young kids today have bought into the hype, Tim Duncan and Kevin Love have proven that if you stay dedicated to fundamentals and play the game the way it's supposed to be played, it will provide better results than trying to do too much and choose style over substance.  Slam dunks and flash sell shoes and there aren't coaches on the playgrounds....so it is what it is.
cjohn21::By far away the most underrated player in the league, if he was in LA/NY ESPN would be all over him, props to SVP for showing him a lot of love... Kid is Larry Legend reincarnated, unreal.. like their stupid lil show says Numbers Never Lie
scott.russell33::He's not?  How so?  He makes Dwight Howard look like a junior high kid, look at the numbers....what's your case?  Lebron?  Nah.
mawright04::LOL he's not the best player in the league, and there are plenty of players of all races that are dedicated to fundamentals.
MikeRowe1525::All about team chemistry. No great player has won a championship by himself, not even MJ. Kevin Love is a really good player, but over the last couple seasons, he doesn't seem to be the best team player
whosyourdiddy51::I think a lot of that comes from the fact that he hasn't had a good supporting cast in the past.This years team is loaded with talent, there are several go to guys. Hopefully in next few games the chemistry will come. Last night Pekovic seemed lost with Love in the line up. That guy is too good to be left out of the show. Same with Kirilenko.
razzledazzletj81::The Wolves played mostly solid ball without him. Many fans came to respect their games, so many positives on the court with the supporting cast. Hopefully, he'll respect their games, too. So many crowd favorites on this team and KLove must understand that fact. I am interested in team ball, not Superstars.
whosyourdiddy51::It's great to have Kevin Love back in the line up but he has to find a way to get his team mates more involved. The key to the Wolves early season success was the total TEAM effort. Last night was a great individual effort by Love but it appeared his fellow players were standing idle and watching the exhibition. Sooner or later all the champion superstars figure this out. It took MJ a while but sooner or later he realized he couldn't do it without Pippen, Kuckoc, Kerr,....  then the championships began to come to Chicago. Some players such as Allen Iverson never get it. Hopefully K Love will realize this isn't the Wolves team of a few years ago. He doesn't have to carry the load by his self. There is a lot of talent on this team and  it would be a crying shame to let it go to waste.
charlie hustle bets the over::timmay1280 That was no flop by Koufos....Love literally grabbed his arm and shoved him down  Exactly.  one little rejection and he loses his temper.  Lost a lot of respect for love tonight.
Sp1d3r1::And Andre Miller shoved shevd
eototalt::Are you talking about when Koufos had his forearm on Love's throat and Love pushed him away to get him off of him? Koufos is a D-Bag and deserved to get thrown on the ground.
razzledazzletj81::He made a mistake that cost them the game. Momentum totally shifted after that T. Hopefully, he'll learn from it.
nba is the worst::Nuggets are a completely different team when Gallinari makes a few shots
whosyourdiddy51::You've got that right. When he started hitting his shots the momentum shifted very quickly.
KevinOllieSaves::Love is a stat padder
LakersAtSonics1995::Well I thought it was a bad thing when I missed out on starting Love for my fantasy team tonight, but in retrospect....  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
KyleFromWork::Wolves are better w/o Kevin Love
Mizzle85::No.
ErikAmundson1121::It is easy to see that once we have Pek and Love in the Paint and with Rubio back dishing them the ball, we are going to get the points. We also rank 3rd in defense. No Budinger will hinder us, but JJ, Shved, and Cunningham will take care of the bench. Fasten your seat belts everyone, its only a matter of time.
ErikAmundson1121::Not to mention the play calling from Adelemen has been amazing. He might be the coach that takes a team like this to the playoffs. Rubio, Roy, and the rest guards play enough D to where I don't see an immediate need for a new 2 guard. Our coaching staff will get us to the playoffs with our defense, and our teamwork. I think we could see an amazing second half from the Twolves after everyone gets adjusted and we get Budinger back.
bladeoo31::You dont have totally bad 2 Guards so that can be fixed pretty easily. Rubio has to develop a better shot not that its horrible by any means just more consistent. but the Wolves are on the rise. I am happy to see that I have alot of respect for you guys I think the whole Org is a class act.
ErikAmundson1121::If Roy can't become a big scorer again or if Derrick Williams can't, we are going to have to get a new shooting forward or shooting guard. We will see what Shved can do, but I think Kerilinko, Love, and Pek will get us where we will need to be. If the Nuggs could have kept some players it would have been a much closer division.
eototalt::maybe, that wouldn't be the whole offer those are just some moveable parts. Apparently Evans wants out of Sacramento.
Zede51::That seems like a one sided trade unless the Wolves offer up some 1st rounders which they might have too
eototalt::I actually think we end up trading Williams and or Ridnour in a package for Tyreke Evans after we get Rubio back. That is the rumor anyway.
Zede51::You guys still need a 2 guard.
bladeoo31::I'm a Nugget fan but Minni has a bunch of young talent honestly in a couple of years if not even next year you guys will be a force. I think the bench needs tuned a little more but that's all I see wrong with the Wolves
bladeoo31::Yeah it is, and you guys stay competitive enough in games so if you guys do go to the playoffs I think you will be facing some growing pains but after this year I know you will be in the playoffs for sure. unless some mass season ending injuries or bad trades happen.
eototalt::I think we make the playoffs this year somewhere between 6-8. To be honest the back part of the ladder is pretty wide open.
famman1968::using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting System.
jarrollin::the best system is not to bet.  buy physical silver instead
norazi::kevin love = dirk 2.0.... elite white big man with no supporting cast
Charliemyboy2::Dirk is a champion; Love is a cry-baby.
Zede51::Love is nowhere near as skilled as Dirk on offense.
eototalt::Yeah that is why Love was up near the top for the scoring title. lol
norazi::he got hurt = not all star... thats like saying 40 yr old jkidd is all star caliber, or vince carter, etc..
smokeysaj::He was clearly in the running for ROTY when he went down.
bladeoo31::that was one injury and Rubio is only 20. he is just starting his career not finishing it like VC or JKidd
eototalt::Rubio, Shved, AK47 and Pekovic is a pretty good supporting cast. Dirk also won a title so I will take that comparison.
castleboy1202::norazi - pretty much meant no other all star caliber player  You say no other all star CALIBER player. That doesn't mean an actual all star, it just implies a player who is up to the quality of an all star; that's what caliber means. So yeah... Rubio is an all star caliber player. I don't know what you're talking about.
bladeoo31::Pekovic is like a new Vlade Divac. he might even be more fine tuned.... thats my opinion though.
eototalt::Rubio is all-star caliber. He would have easily won Rookie of the Year if he hadn't gotten injured. And Pekovic is a pretty damn good center.
norazi::pretty much meant no other all star caliber player
Minnysota Vikings::Actually, I'm not quite sure whether Doug Christie is white or not. What do you guys think?
jarrollin::i really dont care
eototalt::He asked because he called him White in his below post.
eototalt::I dunno, mixed at the most.
Minnysota Vikings::The great Kings teams of the early 2000s had 4 white players in the starting lineup (along with a few others on the bench). Mike Bibby, Vlade Divac, Peja Stojakovic, Doug Christie, Hedo Turkoglu, Scott Pollard.
mawright04::Only Scot Pollard is a white American. The rest are mixed or European smh.
Tim6081::im sorry, but you cant win with more than two starting white players on a team.. LET ALONE FIVE.
scott.russell33::That's BS, the NBA won't stand for more than 2 white guys.....give me dirk, love, Nash, Kaman and Korver.......you'd have more than one ring.
eototalt::Leave your bigotry out of here.
jarrollin::i'm white obviously and i'm totally not offended
eototalt::Tim6081 - times have changed  I agree. Europe has gotten better at basketball which is why you see more of them on teams.
eototalt::Dude his statement was incredibly racist. If he said something like that about Black players you would be freaking out.
Tim6081::times have changed
jarrollin::it's his honest opinion.  it's demonstrably false.  look at the larry bird celtics or duke
jarrollin::tell coach k that
eototalt::Or Butler.
Minnysota Vikings::The Wolves need more athleticism down low. Love, Pekovic, Stiemsma, and Amundson are all nonathletic white guys. I wish we would have kept Anthony Randolph for the 4 million. He was way underrated.
jarrollin::we had the picks to take both of them.  we used the other one for chalmers
jarrollin::i wanted deandre jordan the year we took pekovic.  he's pretty good
eototalt::I'd rather take Pekovic. he is a top 5 center in my opinion. Especially when Rubio is dishing him the rock.
jarrollin::he was moody tho
jarrollin::here check this out at :10 and :16  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mw-8MFg9WIg
eototalt::I never said Black cheerleaders didn't exist
jarrollin::yeah
eototalt::jarrollin - i just said check it out  lol yeah to see black cheerleaders
jarrollin::i just said check it out
jarrollin::come to think of it, the t-wolves performance dancers have always been pretty white too
bob0000010::They used to have a cute looking black one. Their uniforms are way too conservative though, except for Indiana's lol.
eototalt::Most cheerleaders are pretty white.
jarrollin::watch the last "one shining moment" video.  there are a ton of sistas in it
jay.r::Love shoots 2-9 from three?  Why shoot so much out there.
bob0000010::Ha ha that's true, I forget that sometimes lol
eototalt::He always does. And he usually hits 3 to 5 of them. Remember he is the reigning 3 point champion.
bob0000010::David Kahn:  1.) Gives away Ty Lawson to Denver for nothing.  2.) Gives away Mario Chalrmers for nothing.  3.) Drafts Johnny Flynn. Then gives him away for nothing...  4.) Signs Darko for a bloated contract.  Calls him "manna from heaven" and pretends that he'd coordinated and as everyone expected does not turn out well.  5.) Amnesties Darko for nothing, thus forcing the team to pay his WHOLE salary.  6.) Drafts Wes Johnson over a Demarcus Cousins, a banger down low the team needs to help take the load off of love. Says "Johnson will be a better professional."  7.) Chooses to GIVE UP a first rounder to get rid of Wes Johnson, when he simply could have had cousins, who by the way would have gotten Rambis fired sooner anyways, which the team needed.  8.) Signs lou amundson a guy who only averages a measly 3ppg for his career, instead of *insert another NBA player's name*.  Remember Mchale acquired Love and Pekovic, not Kahn.  The only good player Kahn has drafted was Rubio.  Want to still defend David Kahn?
bob0000010::Think about it though, Cousins, Love and Pek. That's a big frontcourt. We could definitely contend with a lot of teams better with such a strong inside presence, like Memphis is doing now
bob0000010::I guess you have a point.  I still think Kahn is an idiot, except for drafting Rubio. He deserves a lot of credit for it.
eototalt::Nobody is going to tell you Kahn isn't an idiot.
eototalt::You are crazy if you think Kahn made the moves for this seasons roster. Adelman is calling all the shots in Minny. There is a reason this team resembles his old Kings team with the Euro feel.
jarrollin::Other players need to assert themselves, as if Love wasn't even back, even though he is
ess con::looking at the +/- in this game shows you that one player cant win alone in the nba
meats29::Seriously what is Kirilenko doing with his hair? Please make it stop
barcodedlife::Love has these massive games but always ends up on the losing side.
lash0022::pretty close to correct...I really like Klove, but until he actually carries this team to the playoffs, he needs to talk less...all I ever hear from him is about how bad he wants to get to the playoffs...well, do something about it son...if you consider yourself one of the best players on the planet, this team should have more than enough talent to take him there...he has massive games, and we still lose. Ricky makes it go...
eototalt::Ricky is the engine of the team. It is night and day when he is on or off the court.
eototalt::Not always. The bench just coughed up the lead and the Nuggets got hot.
