angeleon197::The Bulls really miss last season's bench, at least Asik, Brewer, and Korver's scoring.  I think Asik really complemented Taj's game, who is struggling to find a rhythm so far this season.  A lot of folks think Asik was not good enough to receive that third year that Houston offered, I think they are wrong.  He might not be good enough now, but with further development by Thibs, Asik could have become the next Tyson Chandler.  When we had Chandler the Bulls gave up on him, now?  He is a starting center, in New York, plays great defense, which is how you win championships, and scores the occasional basket.  I think the Bulls really made a bad decision in letting Asik go.
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3hFMBh2xFk
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3hFMBh2xFk
VANJON08::Who else thinks Jamal Crawford will be this years 6th man of the year?
JoeClipplet::I do I do!! *waves*
EuropeDude1981::He's got this thing wrapped up already
JayCutlerMVP2009::Good to see Vinny having some success. I always liked him as a coach.
ahamilton605::The Bulls just don't get outworked under Thibbideau. I'm sure he isn't too happy about it. They are a much better team than what they showed in this game.  By the way Robert............ This isn't just a Clippers conversation. This is a basketball game conversation. That shows a lot about you.
ROBERT .P::Love to see Laker fans trolling on a Clipper Conversation. Says alot about your self!!!
The Royal Gorilla::why don't you just crawl back into your hole somewhere in California.
David722249::Seems to me D'Antoni would have been a better fit for Clips than Lakers, but cannot argue with Clips success. Will be interesting to see how Lakers fare running a system designed for athletes.
EuropeDude1981::I'm sure d'antoni is not that stupid as to basically do exactly what he did in phoenix. Why do people assume he wont adjust even a little. Coaches tend to look at their roster and see what their strengths and weaknesses are. Then they adjust. They're coaches for a reason. He knows nash is going on 40 and this is not the same guy he had in phoenix.
FTLakerFan::a deep bench is great for the regular season but once the playoffs start, it is a non-factor as the starters play big minutes, enjoy the regular season clipper fans, but try and not get to worked up, oh forgot, this is the clippers were talking about, they have never tasted a championship so having a great regular season means something to them................uh sorrry
EuropeDude1981::Maybe 10 years ago. Benches are hot now bro. Teams have legit starters coming off the bench these days (OKC?). Not being able to match that will hurt teams. Book it.
REDUCE523::You have to get to the playoffs fresh and unhurt a deep bench helps with that. Kobe wil not hang clocking in 42 a game.
lessthanclippers::You act like a starting lineup of Paul, Billups, butler, Griffin, and Jordan won't do well with more minutes...
FTLakerFan::wow, clippers in first place in the west, yawnnnnnnnnnnnnnn, lets see who is playing in June
ROBERT .P::I know for a fact your team won't be playing in that playoff series. Good Luck HATER!!! LOL
return of the madcap::jamal crawford leads the team in scoring because he is not on the court with chris paul... there is a reason blakes production has gone down since being a rookie.. chris paul cannot run a fast break and slowly dribbles his teams into a 10 second shot clock.. they have loads of talent.. but chris paul will cancel it all out
return of the madcap::lol ok lets watch them win something with jamal jacking up shots the whole game.. thats always worked... which is why he stuck with all those teams that got rid of him... hes a joke
JoeClipplet::Jamal Crawford ... 28MPG @ 21 points per game, 55% 2-pt shooting, 5 3's a game average at 44% shooting... with a FT % of 91% .... heck if he has brick nights, he can just go to the line...  If he is bricking, we could swap him out with any of our other shooters and be just fine.... You mad? Sounds like it...
return of the madcap::thats because the bulls suck... and ur dumb
ahamilton605::I wish the bulls still had him.
lessthanclippers::Blake's production has gone down since his rookie year because the team has more options.   Kobe scored less in championship years too
ClipsAngelsChargers07::Clippers starters and the second unit are complimenting each other so well. They give each other soo much rest time, that they end up having defensive energy throughout the whole game.
Minnie Mantlez::Vinnie Del Negro and Coach of the year in the same sentence? What mad world have I been transported to?
ClipsAngelsChargers07::It's early, but if this success continues, it might just happen.
REDUCE523::He was taught by one of the best.
Chi Town Stand Up::miami360x - Sure, they put a whooping on your team and all of a sudden they're the best team in the league. ___________________ Uh oh, never challenge me when I make a strong opinion about the "best" team in the league. Ok so how about we compare them with your Miami Heatles? Alright so first off let's start at the Point Guard Position, shall we? Chris Paul was already dominating Mario Chalmers last year, but so far this year Paul has cut down on turnovers, and increased assist numbers. Yes, his PPG total has lowered, but I'll get to that later. Comparing backups, well, Norris Cole has a bright future and I like watching him. However Bledsoe has been playing at an unbelievable level so far this year as a backup. He's quite the spark plug. The Clippers win the point guard matchup. Moving on to shooting guards. Jamal Crawford, an elite scorer, Matt Barnes, an elite defender, and Willie Green, a decent starter. Could you ask for more? Jamal Crawford is averaging 22 PPG so far. That's unheard of coming off the bench. I firmly believe that the Clippers can match the production of Wade and Allen by Crawford's scoring proficiency, and Barnes' on ball defending. Also, if Caron Butler is put on Wade, history has proven Wade has a tough time scoring. Wade, out of the three last times he has played butler has averaged only 15 points. That's saying a lot. On to the small forwards. There's not much I can say here. LeBron will score and will score at will. Power forwards are interesting, because you'd think it would be a close match up. However, here at the head to head stat lines of the two starting Power Forwards:  Griffin: 21 points, 14 rebounds on 44% shooting. Low shooting percentage, right? Watch this Bosh: 17 points, 10 rebounds on 36% shooting! That's what I call dominating over an opponent. I am a big criticizer of Griffin, but you can't dismiss a 4 point, 4 rebound, 8% shooting increase over the other player. Deandre Jordan dominates anything Miami throws at him, guaranteed. Not even small ball could slow him down.   May I also add that the Clippers are 6-0 against playoff teams so far this year.  This is why idiotic Heat fans shouldn't challenge me.
return of the madcap::lol i read the first two sentences, laughed, then stopped reading
Mr. Nut Job::I've noticed that the Clippers are playing harder for longer.
DribbleDrive01::Not even 10 games in and the clippers are being crowned...LMAO!
Nanrad_91::DB92LA Oh you are a true Laker fan, you poor thing! You've had to endure two long seasons without an NBA title...stop whining. All I hear on ESPNLA is people b*tching and moaning about the Lakers not winning, I'm so tired of the drama. I have had to endure about 6 seasons of not even making the playoffs, and now they're developing into a legitimate contender. So tired of spoiled Laker fans like you that feel the need to talk trash when the Clips are playing better ball than your "star studded" Lakers...  ======= LMFAO. Clipper fans like you are pathetic. I gave a very neutral response and you automatically assumed I was a Lakers fan. You are so eager to be the most dominant team in the NBA that when someone doesn't praise your team, you come to the conclusion that they are getting trashed, get real. FYI, I'm not a Lakers fan, I'm a Bulls fan. All I said was that a few teams have started out well and let's see how they are at the end of the season. I could care less how the Lakers perform.
Chi Town Stand Up::The Clippers have the deepest team in the league along with the Nuggets but their starting 5 is much better than the Nuggets. The Clippers have the best team in the league and that's coming from a Bulls fan.
Mr. Nut Job::You can't say they have the best team just because you like them.  You should know that the Best team isn't that easy to find.  It's not about a bunch of people, you know.  Opinions really don't matter, like in politics and religion...
Chi Town Stand Up::I'll post it here for you refernce:  Uh oh, never challenge me when I make a strong opinion about the "best" team in the league. Ok so how about we compare them with your Miami Heatles? Alright so first off let's start at the Point Guard Position, shall we? Chris Paul was already dominating Mario Chalmers last year, but so far this year Paul has cut down on turnovers, and increased assist numbers. Yes, his PPG total has lowered, but I'll get to that later. Comparing backups, well, Norris Cole has a bright future and I like watching him. However Bledsoe has been playing at an unbelievable level so far this year as a backup. He's quite the spark plug. The Clippers win the point guard matchup. Moving on to shooting guards. Jamal Crawford, an elite scorer, Matt Barnes, an elite defender, and Willie Green, a decent starter. Could you ask for more? Jamal Crawford is averaging 22 PPG so far. That's unheard of coming off the bench. I firmly believe that the Clippers can match the production of Wade and Allen by Crawford's scoring proficiency, and Barnes' on ball defending. Also, if Caron Butler is put on Wade, history has proven Wade has a tough time scoring. Wade, out of the three last times he has played butler has averaged only 15 points. That's saying a lot. On to the small forwards. There's not much I can say here. LeBron will score and will score at will. Power forwards are interesting, because you'd think it would be a close match up. However, here at the head to head stat lines of the two starting Power Forwards:   Griffin: 21 points, 14 rebounds on 44% shooting. Low shooting percentage, right? Watch this  Bosh: 17 points, 10 rebounds on 36% shooting! That's what I call dominating over an opponent. I am a big criticizer of Griffin, but you can't dismiss a 4 point, 4 rebound, 8% shooting increase over the other player.  Deandre Jordan dominates anything Miami throws at him, guaranteed. Not even small ball could slow him down.     May I also add that the Clippers are 6-0 against playoff teams so far this year.   This is why idiotic Heat fans shouldn't challenge me.
Chi Town Stand Up::I want you to look at what I just posted at the top of the board and tell me that again.
miami360x::Sure, they put a whooping on your team and all of a sudden they're the best team in the league.
Chi Town Stand Up::May I state that your two favorite teams are the two former champions in their sports, but are over 1,200 miles away from each other? Hmm...
Chi Town Stand Up::ghost_of_richardfeynman - LMAO- The pathetic Bull suck again and the Clippers are swagger jacking the Lakers as the team in LA. Holla! ----------------------------------------------- Yeahhh I don't really think the Bulls suck considering they're leading the clippers in total series record by 22 games (63-41), championships (6-0, oh and by the way don't try using the "Bulls had more time than the Clippers" arguments because counting the Buffalo Braves years they're still at 0, and that's only a four year difference in existence), playoff series wins, and playoff wins. Also may I point out that in against form of the Clippers existence (LA Clippers, Braves, and SD Clippers) the Bulls have a winning record. Good try though. It's truly funny how many bandwagoners the Clippers have.
DemBoyzLBCAP::You can be a fan of other teams and still like what you see the Clippers doing, does not mean you are on the bandwagon or jumping ship from your team, it just means you like good basketball by good basketball players, not pampered players and not teams that buy their way to the title time after time. Appreciate teams and players that play like the games means something and are giving their best and not waiting to turn it on when they need to.
EuropeDude1981::i hate the lakers but i don't agree with the term buying a title. When you want the best players that can definitely get you a title, you'll have to pay them a lot, thats a fact. But they also have to want to play for your team and as such in your city. Remember Kobe basically forced his way into LA. Should have been a hornet like A Davis. The lakers can get almost any player in free agency because they have LA going for them AND because of that they have a great track record to show because of it.  The bobcats couldn't buy a title if they wanted to because nobody wants to play there. Its wrong to hate the lakers because they can.  After the Durant era, watch clay bennet sob in the smuldering pile of ashes he voluntarily moved to OKC. They won't be able to get any decent stars unless maybe through the draft. Its the way the league works unfortunately. If you have to hate on someone hate on Stern, he's the one that engineered this mess
Davechelle::DJ owned JokeQueen NO!ahhhh
Kobe Beef and Nashed Potatoes::Griffin is the GOAT.................................................................................................................................................lol
d_bokk::i would be surprised if the bulls get  anything better than 4th in the central
DB92LA::There is nothing like seeing Jamal Crawford embarrass other teams while they are trying to pull a come back. Clips are looking like one of the elite teams this season, and hands down are the most exciting team to watch in the NBA.  Looking forward to seeing them on the road!
watchDreplay::Taj is a freaking scrub. Bulls are so dumb to give Taj his 40 mil deal. People worst when they are paid.
Chi Town Stand Up::you're so stupid.
numberounofightingirish::Been betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching the phrase Sports Betting System. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
Resident_Guido::I know the Clippers have the top offense in the West -- but how about their defense? They can really get after it with a lot of steals, blocked shots and great team defense. Every win this season they have been solid  dominating the likes of San Antonio, Memphis, Miami, the Lakers and now the Bulls.
WareTheTDsAt::yep they are now #2 in defensive efficiency... #1 in steals, Opp turnovers, points off of turn overs and 7th in points allowed... their defense is on point!
DB92LA::6-0 against playoff teams...and none of the games have even been close...
nealbronco87::Thunder-Clippers Western Conference Finals.  Who wins the honor of losing to the Heat in the Finals?
SeaHawkProdigy::my prediction of 103-89 for the clippers was almost right.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::quit smoking dope
ghost_of_richardfeynman::"I'm feelin pretty salty." -Kobe
ArtieSullivan::LOB CITY &gt; LAKERS  CP3 &gt; NASH BG &gt; PAU DJ &gt; DWIGHT CRAWFORD &gt; KOBE
Davechelle::Nobe will choke his team out of the playoffs for the 3rd year-in-a-row
sduke1986::I'm a not Lakers fan, but the last two comparisons on your list literally made me LOL
Le-Goat::Bulls are so bad at offense it is sad
jefarr::When was the last time the Clips had a better record than the Lakers?
Ustna5::Much of last year...
ArtieSullivan::2005 and 2006
ghost_of_richardfeynman::This year. Wow you are not that bright huh? Stay in the kitchen and make me a sandwich.
ArtieSullivan::Clippers are not only the best team in LA, there the best team in the NBA.
Davechelle::Showtime packed up and left Fakerville several years ago
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Yep. The Laker glory days are quickly fizzling out. And the Dodgers will remain sucking.
hillybilly400::Clips &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lakers...............
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Staple Center now belongs to the Clips!
Soonerhopeful1::Lakers fans who root for Clippers, are "Closet Clippers".          If there is a team which should remain during season it is Clippers; Already they lead the League in Bench scoring; and soon to return  Billups and Grant Hill to make it even better.        Lakers fans complain that they have so many players who can play, Going 12 deep soon.
ghost_of_richardfeynman::"HAHAHA You guys got D' Antoni. Enjoy losing!" -Carmelo Anthony
Nanrad_91::I guess the only clips fans left in here are the bandwagoners. There are a few teams that are having a great start, but we'll see what happens as the season progresses.
DB92LA::Oh you are a true Laker fan, you poor thing! You've had to endure two long seasons without an NBA title...stop whining. All I hear on ESPNLA is people b*tching and moaning about the Lakers not winning, I'm so tired of the drama. I have had to endure about 6 seasons of not even making the playoffs, and now they're developing into a legitimate contender. So tired of spoiled Laker fans like you that feel the need to talk trash when the Clips are playing better ball than your "star studded" Lakers...
jefarr::Their bench will keep the their starters fresh.
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Thanks for stopping by!
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Keep checking in loser. Again, thanks for stopping by and Happy Thanksgiving!
Nanrad_91::I've been checking in all night, but it's not worth much of anything trying to have a real conversation with fans like you.
YeahTerps420::Griffin is a man child!
ulam81::dont be mad. he balled like a real man tonight.
ghost_of_richardfeynman::*LA bandwagon fans jumping ship on the lakers*----* LA bandwagon fans jumping the Clips*
ghost_of_richardfeynman::LMAO- The pathetic Bull suck again and the Clippers are swagger jacking the Lakers as the team in LA. Holla!
ZoomOnDatYamaha::son, you are a lil $@%!$@% child. i should of aborted you with a coat hanger
ZoomOnDatYamaha::your mom just got here. Well i got to let her do what she got to do lol and thats suck my dick goodnight son lol
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Just give it up bro. You are trying too hard you pathetic soul.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::ill shove my burrito up your candy $@%
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Go to bed hoe.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::your mom swallows me fine
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Just give it up ese and make me a burrito.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::ill push your $@%! in ese
ghost_of_richardfeynman::SMH- ur mom forgot to swallow you.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::come at me bro
ghost_of_richardfeynman::Your boyfriend is callin you to bed now. good night idiot.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::cool story bro
ghost_of_richardfeynman::yep u mad. go suck it.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::Who says swagger jacking or holla in the same sentence? lame
ZoomOnDatYamaha::should be a comma after LA and swagger jacking is a made up term idiots
ghost_of_richardfeynman::illegals never learned correct english. they just make great tacos.
SeaHawkProdigy::Actually, if you notced, they are two different sentences.
ghost_of_richardfeynman::U Mad Bro?
bdawg_2309_::We'll see how much of a joke the lakers are once they play on the road. 8 of 11 home games, their schedule is a joke
ulam81::Idiots... playing at home dont mean a guarantee win. Great teams will beat you no matter where you play. They played against great teams and beat them handily. Playing at homes only gives you the boost of moral support and that's that.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::what are you talking about?
ZoomOnDatYamaha::they have had it easy so far.. $@%!$ has not hit the fan with them yet
ZoomOnDatYamaha::lob city!!!
ZoomOnDatYamaha::Wow 5th straight blow out. Mind you they beat down championship teams heat, spurs, grizz, and lakers some would say. Not be but lakers fans would call them elite lol
KevinOllieSaves::The only reason the Lakers get more comments is 2/3rds of them are a blathering about whether Kobe is better because he has rings, or James is better because of MVP's... blah blah blah
PlayaMade5::Ok, how the hell Clippers get Crawford again?
ulam81::CP3/VND recruited him while the rest of the league ignored him since he came off of a bad season wiht the Blazers. Motivations can do a lot to a man and the Clips gave them that lifting motivation he needed.
mason8181::Wow less than 1200 comments... Lakers get over 5000 comments by halftime.
1Realthing::Yes, we are a;; aware that the lakers have far more bandwagon fans.
Render Time::Yeah, because the Lakers are phony Hollywood's bought and paid for team.
ulam81::WOw and who cares? Everyone talks about hte Lakers are all the time while the Clips in stealth mode stands at 7-2.
WareTheTDsAt::like the number of comments actually matters lol
Graycap23::The Great Hinrich is shooting 29% from the field. Noah NEVER has a good game against teams with legit front court players. It is time 2 fire Gar/Pax and get some real talent in management in Chicago. Look at the Clippers roster once they FIRED Elgin Baylor.
tunjibadejo::the only thing that may make me doubt the clippers is vinny. he seems to have improved, then again, lebrons making spoelstra look like phil jackson so who knows what cp3 is doing for vinny. teams like san antonio have a great coach, this would be our only downfall, tactics
Fahim58::<b> Whose the hottest team right now? The Grizzlies. But we beat em. Expect Clippers-Heat Finals  -Clippers fan logic <b></b></b>
ulam81::Did you ignore the fact that the Grizz were beaten by the worse Clips team in the playoff last year wtihout Billups, injured Blake/CP3 and broken hand Caron? Seems the odds are agains the Grizz this season.
ulam81::Dont worry about them Grizz fans. They're still bitter about that historic game one come back from last year and the beating they took from a team that barely got put together before the start of the season
WareTheTDsAt::its funny that memphis gets a lot of praise for there defense and what not...but the clips have gone from 21 last year to top 10 this year! they are also number one in causing turn overs number one in points off of turn overs and number one in opponent shooting percentage... but its only about the grizz lol
ulam81::O and THe clips have an improved DJ/BG/Eric Bledsode and the deepest bench in the league. What logic can you come up with to say that the Grizz is better? I just can't possibly see it from a non-bias view.
ulam81::Seems your logic is even worse. The Clips are definitely the hottest team in the NBA because all of their wins came from quality playoff teams. They lost against 2 lottery teams from last year. On top of that they beat your team in the playoff last year as well as the first game this year. It'd be stupid to think the Grizz is better. No wonder you're a Grizz's fan (delusional as F..ck)
Nanrad_91::Are you sure he is a Grizz fan? I actually agree with him in the sense that just because the Clippers beat them once in the beginning of the season, doesn't automatically mean that they will beat them again or be in the Finals. Not to say that you said the last part, but some of that logic is faulty.
mason8181::Who is* ...
Bynum24 Spurs23::"Clippers will win the NBA championship this season"
ulam81::Hopefully but no Clippers fans actually thinkn that at this point. only delusional ones get ahead of themselves. Go back to the Lakers board due.
