timh651::http://www.WolveSwag.com - Ricky Rubio Possible Alternative Occupations
cadarn1::Wolves players are just as classless as their fans.  Nice bush league antics at the end of the game.  You make laker fans look good you bunch of pathetic scrubs.
FewL4no1::Kevin Love's beard alone is worth about $60 mil in endorsement deals.
luvnbayes::Everybody knocks Rubio's shooting and yes, it needs to get better.  But the Wolves are 7-3 in their last 10 games, 17-12 since Rubio was put into the starting lilneup.  Anyone really want to go back to not having Rubio on the floor?  I'll say it again, if Rubio ever becomes a decent or better shooter, he is going to dominate this league.
Jg2.o::Yeah, that's where a little baby hook like K-Love has gotten down would come in handy.  Every player should work on that shot.
John Claytons Twin::Agreed, that baby hook is deadly, and the defense needs to way taller than the shooter to have a chance at the rejection.  But it doesn't look "cool", so I swear that's why most of the NBA doesn't use it.  A guy gets accurate with that shot, shooting it right and left handed from within 6 feet of the rim using the glass = unstoppable.
Jg2.o::Yeah I remember last night he got that o-board near the baseline and tried to force it into KL....dumb TO
luvnbayes::It might have been a poor decison to try that pass, but Love should have caught it.  He wasn't expecting it, something that he and other Wolves say happens all the time due to Rubio's cleverness.  But I agree with almost all of these comments.  Still, looking at the big picture, Rubio is a game changer and the main reason for the improvement from last year (along with getting rid of Rambis).
Leap_JRH::I'd have to see the replay, but I know exactly which play you're talking about. I remember thinking as it happened that he could've walked it into the hoop and he does some sort of crazy behind the back pass to Love, put him in a jam.
Leap_JRH::I'm okay with Ricky shooting and missing. He'll get better. What bothers me is when Ricky has wide open looks, especially close to the bucket, and he still defers to a no look behind the back pass in traffic for a turnover or putting the receiving player in a tough spot.
Jg2.o::He needs to develop his own Rubio System and hit that gym this offseason. Shoot till his elbow falls off. Shooting off the dribble specifically. He should try to get in with Dirk and his shot coach.
Leap_JRH::I bet Rubio would shoot a lot better if he used a bicycle kick instead a jump shot.
duke_fan14::lob themselves right out of the playoffs.
Leap_JRH::They're so limited as to what they can do with Blake because he himself is limited as to what he can do. The range of his offensive game is right underneath the basket and that's it. If it's more than arm's reach, he is useless. He's so predictable too. There were several times last night the Wolves basically ran the play for him, resulting in some blocks and near blocks.
mnohsix::Blake Griffen is such an ugly ginger baby
Jg2.o::Blake doesn't help himself nor the team by dropping the ball when he could toss it to the officials. He acts like a punk.
Jg2.o::Ha! That's a great comment/analogy Leap.
Leap_JRH::The LA commentators really rubbed me the wrong way when they said during the game, "that's not his job."... It ain't my job to open the door for little old ladies either, but I still do it because I'm a man not a d-bag punk.
luvnbayes::Absolutely correct.  And it might be why he got the 'T' later on.  Nothing stupider than acting like a punk towards the refs.
miaheatbabe::oh so nobody trippin and saying chris paul choked at the end of the game? if lebron did that it would be world war 3 in here
docdribs99::Lebron has a history of not coming through in the clutch and that's the difference
Leap_JRH::But when Lebron does it, it's in major playoff situations. Lebron's supposed to be "the man", and instead when the game is on the line he chooses to dish the rock over to Mario Chalmers. I don't have a problem with a great player feeling more comfortable with wanting to set up a guy, but don't act like you're "the man" when you're simply not. The man on that team is Wade.
LolaMonre23::COMPLETELY AGREE!!!!
clippsallday::CP3 &gt; Love anyyy day of the week, soo stfuuuu nd stop comparing Love nd BG.
minny snowta::clippsaregay, shut your @$$ up, if the clips had won you would be screaming about BG and how he is better.  just get out of here, the wolves own your team, Love owns Griffen and CP3 choked on a fat doggy c o c k so pipe down little man.
lami0501::Love is obviously better than Blake...if you don't agree you are simply a moron
luvnbayes::Harsh words but true.  Love is a much better player than Griffin is, much more complete skill set.
Leap_JRH::That's apples and oranges. At least you realize Love vs BG is no longer a debate. At times last night Darko &gt; Griffin
Leap_JRH::It's March 6th, 2012 at 1:59 EST... I believe the T'Wolves will be in the playoffs. Just how determined are we? Take a look for yourself. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwSYm1NPHP4
NeverNoThumbs::2 games separate the number 3 through 9 seed in the west.  It is going to be an all out war down the stretch. Very exciting.  The lame east is for the most part, already set.
DeezBrown::Dont get too excited Lovers, lets secure that 8th seed first.
natehow2::Skip Bayless said it best.  Griffin sells tickets and is athletic  BUT  Love is the better player and wins games.....  I would take Love over Griffin
LolaMonre23::Skip is a moron. But in all actuality the Wolves attendance has skyrocketed this year more then any other team in the NBA besides LAC - every game is a sell out.   Love over Griffin any single day of the week.
Ryan 7245::He's an idiot but you totally agree on everything bayless says? Sounds like somebody else is that idiot...
clippsallday::If we still had chauncy we would be 2nd in the west nd be 2-1 against the wolves, but we dont so f it.
minny snowta::you had chauncey the 1st game d i p sh it and we didn't have Pek that last game, quit making excuses for your little team, you look like a b i t c h !!
clippsallday::Nd if we still had Elton Brand nd Correy Maggete nd Lamar Odom nd nd Eric Gordon? Stfuuuu with ur dumb point.
tyande01::and if we still had kg wed be............. lol
lbdude562::Who gives a rats about the clippers.LAKERS ALL DAY MUTHAFKAS!!16 Time NBA champs.say it clipp fans  c.h.a.m.p.i.o.n.s.didn't ya just do ur biggest fan dirty to???clipps r a joke!!!
Celtics17Banners::Celtics the 17 time champs punks! 17&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;16
Kev_010::remember 3 of those champions belong in minnesota.
clippsallday::LAKERS FANS ARE A JOKE! not even lakers fans (kobe fans) Nd dont even say ohh i watched magic johnson backk in the day bitchhhhh ur probably 10.
DeezBrown::Lemme guess you became a clippers fan in December too
langners00::Clippers are 7-7 since they lost Chauncey. 15-7 with him.  They are no better than the wolves without chauncey
VikingsRavensMN::We would win against Chauncy either way...
minny snowta::we already did!
minny snowta::the wolves are better, that is what i'm saying!
sportsfreak33555::Obviously not as shown above
sportsfreak33555::That they are no better
langners00::Huh?
sportsfreak33555::Love &gt; Griffin...all day
sportsfreak33555::Blake Griffin is the ugly fuukk
clippsallday::Reason why i talk shi66t ^  We get it the first time u uglyy fuukk
doggbrown1::LOL LAST 7 GAMES RICKY RUBIOS FG/M ATTEMPTS 5-16  2-7  1-8    1-8   3-7   1-8   1-7
luvnbayes::17-12 when he starts, 3-7 when he didn't.  Yes, he needs to become a better shooter.  But very few make winning plays consistently like Rubio does.   Question, who got the last two key rebounds for the Wolves last night?  That winner named Ricky Rubio.
Terrmac2657::Rubio missed the second free throw on purpose to ice the game did you even watch it.
pdress::he also missed the free throws too though... I want him to do well but he really does need to pick up his game
LolaMonre23::Hi Hater! We're still winning though...rookie slump...still getting his assists and fascilitating the ball.
sportsfreak33555::Thats jus turrible
sportsfreak33555::22.95 %  :)
langners00::yes we know and im frustrasted with it. It was his rap going into the league and he hasnt shaken it yet
clippsallday::Im always the only Clipper fan on the conversations. I love messing with the haters. Nd its soo pathetic how people get on grffins case about only dunking.
clippsallday::Wolves have had the worst record in the west the last 5 years.
McBROsef::at least they were a legitimate team with KG. Clips have genuinely sucked pretty much every year
fathale::Outside of the bandwagoners, there are only like, 10-12 Clippers fans. And the Clippers deserve every bit of criticism they have ever received. Before they got Blake Griffin they were consistently the worst team in the league. And every year they got the number 1 pick. Now they start winning a few games and you think everyone should quit? Sorry. When you've been in the league for 42 years and absolutely sucked for 40 of them, you deserve every bit of laughter directed your way.
clippsallday::Aha actually only bandwagons do that. Thats why probably, I always defend my team no matter what. The only reason I talk $@%! about other teams cuz everyone else talks soooo much $@%! about the clippers, about them being over hyped cuz of espn, BG supposedly only being able to dunk, flop city. Nd real talk on everything I love the only reason Cp3 nd the Clippers never get calls is cuz the league (espn) talks about them too much nd shows too much highlights of theirs. smh
fathale::When the Clippers were winning, you weren't the only one. They were out in full force. Now that reality has set in, they've all crawled back under their rock.
langners00::Just tired of his overratedness
fathale::Really funny how Clippers fan brushes off these losses as "Wolves had our number this year" and "remember playoffs is a different story son". Funny, you guys didn't say that shiit when the Clippers beat the Lakers in the pre-season.
clippsallday::What were the bulls nd the heat head to head last year u ignorant fucckkk
clippsallday::I know, but injuries is apart of the game, but still doesnt mean we cant beat u guys in a playoff series? We`d probably sweep u guys, real talk.
langners00::Hah real talk....??? You have beat them once.  You guys are 7-7 without chauncey.  Thats not sweep material
the_legend66::Wolves will beat the Clips again this year. End of Discussion.
clippsallday::Dont talk to soon, 1 more game
Kev_010::Clippers still lose when they had chauncey
fathale::Bingo!
langners00::They have not been doing that well since they lost chauncey
fathale::And you have no more, Chauncy, kid.
clippsallday::We beat them in the regular season tooo u bum
fathale::And the Wolves have swept the Clipps this year. Does anything but the playoffs matter, kid? Don't be a hypocrite, little boy.
acesfloor::You know I was searching on yahoo and saw a article about the clippers The super fan that spent his life cheering for the team and when they got a few decent players they tought they were better then every body i gusse and they told him to basically hit the road front office and team is a joke you couldent pay me to become a fan or even watch you after you disrespect a fan the guy painted his car and put clippers on it lol sorta dorkey but wish them nothing but the worst and you fans that are writeing about the clippers watch out you may be next lol
clippsallday::haa
fathale::You might have a point there but the lack of periods in that massive run on sentence made me stop reading.
clippsallday::Ur dumb, go read some more articles about ur wolves not making the playoffs AGAIN.
LolaMonre23::HI HATER!!!!!!!!!
clippsallday::Wolves had our number this year.. ok it happens, every good team loses to some team that is not in the playoff picture sometimes...  Clippers are 4th in the west so were still good.
LolaMonre23::HI HATER!!!
clippsallday::05 nd 06.
the_legend66::LOL. you still aren't looking at the standings are you? We could only get 8th?? we are 3.5 back of you and your in 4th. I know that is still aways out but if the wolves keep playing like they have been lately anything 4-8 is doable, especially with almost half of the season left to go yet..and they keep beating the teams they need to beat..the ones in the conference ahead of them (the clippers over and over and over, and others) If we meet you in the playoffs the WOLVES will be the ones going on..face the facts.
langners00::whens the last time the clippers made it?
clippsallday::Whens the last time the wolves made the playoffs? End of discussion.
langners00::Whens the last time the Clippers won the western conference? End of discussion
langners00::um regular season champs is what i meant and lost to lakers WCF
fathale::Neither has won the WC.
clippsallday::What do wolves fans know about the playoffs?!!
fathale::They made the WCF and have won more playoff series' than the Clippers have won playoff GAMES. And they've only been in the league 20 years.
clippsallday::Well we watch it more than u, ur cable is blocked out cuz of the snow... lol
Antsea91::How would a clippers fan know anything about the playoffs?
clippsallday::Haha remember playoffs is a different story son. Nd u guys are in the 9th spot behind the rockets. U guys would be lucky to make the 8th spot (only spot u can make) Nd the Blazers are still a better team than u guys even tho u beat them lately.
Cadolots::Blazzer better? yeah... that explain 122-110 with Love 42 and Webster 21 point....
the_legend66::lol are you inferring the wolves are not in the playoff picture?? Look at the standings bud. I hope the wolves meet your clippers in the first round. Upset waiting to happen right there.
Oaktown1029::Just watched the highlights and couldn't help but notice that Minnesota had 4 white guys on the court at all times - just saying. The NBA would love the Wolves to succeed!
fathale::The LAkers quite often this season have had 4 whiteys on the court, too.
langners00::There is reverse racism in the league so idk man
Clenbutador::When will Love begin to teach Rubio how to shoot 3s?
canonroad::I agree with both of you.  I think having Rubio around for the off-season will help.  Even if he isn't around the mpls area and goes back to Spain (most likely) the Wolves will have a routine for him.  I'd like to see him add a little muscle without taking away from the quickness and just find a few spots on the floor he's confident to shoot from.  Also...he needs the stop with the fade-a-ways, it's brutal watching him try to muster enough strength to get the ball there.
Cadolots::Be patience dude... In the Offseason.. Rubio will work out and try to score more efficently
luvnbayes::If Rubio becomes a good shooter, and that's a very huge if, he will dominate this league.  And I mean dominate,
xmanfolife::Clipper's need to burn those retro jerseys......they should never c the light of day ever again...also, they should move out of Staples Center...get their own arena for a change....the Knicks don't share with Nets, it's rediculous....nothing wrong with Anaheim, Clipper's.
Clipshow07::That was the last time they were wearing them this year. Yeah, Anaheim would be sweet.
Clipshow07::Notice how bad Caron's game has dropped off since Chauncey has left. Caron is not getting the open looks he was getting with Chauncey. Caron was on fire beginning of the year and now he is slowly disappearing. I guess the best we can hope for is that Chauncey comes back and becomes the proxy/pseudo coach. We are still one player away from doing any real damage in the playoffs.
jeffymacleod::twolves used to be the worst run franchise. 2009 draft: rubio, flynn, lawson. lawson rights traded for ellington and kept flynn. they couldve had steph curry, gerald henderson, taj gibson, jru holiday, or brandon jennings instead of flynn. worst draft for twolves in a long time
lakeshow8424::lob-city....the clippers won't go far at all in the playoffs, that's assuming they make it, simply because blake griffin has no offense game worth mentioning....the clippers remind me of a team in new orleans, chris paul (an alleged point guard i might add) holding on to the ball every single possession, an average to below average defense, a few guys that can dunk, and that's about it
clippsallday::Its funny how most people talk shittt nd bring that that kinda stuff up now since the Clippers are good. Soo pathetic.
Clipshow07::Another pompous Laker fan who can't give any credit where credit us due. It's so pathetic that you have to hate on the Clips, that you are actually that insecure about them. You're a joke.
Clipshow07::Nobody said it was going to. But recognizing they are have vastly improved and giving them a little respect isn't too much to ask for. Guess we will just have to beat the Lakers in the playoffs to get any respect although that will be tough.
xmanfolife::Clipper's have been jokes since they moved to LA...when no one n LA asked for them or wanted them,,one miracle season is not gonna erase decades of futility.
Clipshow07::How long will it take for VDN that solely relying on your offense is not going to work? We aren't going anywhere if we don't start playing some consistent defense. Our defense has been awful the last several games. On a positive note, all the games we've been losing have been close and we've had chances to win. But man, our defense is just pathetic. It's just open look after open look because we can't rotate and we get lost on d constantly.
jeffymacleod::top power fowards in the game right now:\ 1) Pau-plays in the wake of kobe and bynum. best passing forward and midrange and lowpost game. 17 and 11 is a down year for him 2)aldridge-long, good low post game and very athletic plays above the rim. 3) Dirk Nowitzki- his stats may be lower this year, but its due to not having to do as much, would abuse k love 4) k love- good perimeter scorer, great rebounder, poor low post skills and plays below the rim, lacks athleticism 5) Amare stoudamire- great perimeter game, good low post game, athletic, and when wants to can play good defense 6) blake griffen- no midrange game, not great at free throws, relies heavily on athleticism and raw talent
clippsallday::Maybe in a couple years (3)
the_legend66::Lumberdozi has it right there. I to be honest don't think Love is far off from over taking Dirk for the top PF in the game. Hes a beast and hes young.
clippsallday::Ur deff right^ When Griffin plays smarter nd improves his jumpshot ill put him up there with them.
Lumberdozi::Nope Ur Wrong! Dirk #1 by far, most complete game, does it all   Love #2 rebounds, scores, threes, plays harder than everybody every minute Aldridge #3 more athletic than the rest, can't shoot as well as #1, #2 , forces things to the basket at times After that it's a hodgepodge.  Pau is a complimentary player but is very good.  Amare still can't shoot, Griffen has a lot of work to do on his game  The difference is that Dirk and Love and sometimes Aldridge have to CARRY their teams to be competitive.  The rest don't get doubled nearly as much and have Better players on their own teams to defer to when in a bind.
luvnbayes::I am huge Gasol fan as well, but Dirk is the best, hands down.  And you forget one thing about Love, he simply outworks everybody.  He wears teams down.
Clipshow07::I would mostly agree with you here. Nice take.
John Claytons Twin::Pretty good list / breakdown.  Just my opinion (cause I'm a big Dirk fan) that I would switch Dirk and Pau, assuming you have them ranked.
jeffymacleod::i can see if some people think love is better than nowitzki, but dirk is better on the perimeter and overall skill set. love needs a post game and more above the rim capability
jeffymacleod::k love is overrated. he plays on a crap team like monta ellis is with gs. if k love was playing with other star players hed be the second or third option. perimeter oriented power fowards are soft and he is soft and unathletic. he has hit his ceiling and if he ever gets to the playoffs he will be exposed due to that he cannot play down low adequately
ih8pikeys::UMAD?
canonroad::This is the worst comment on the entire board.  Weak?  Soft?  Are you serious?  He can handle the low post just fine- and if we needed him to, I think he could hold his own in the 5 spot too- as  short term solution.  He rebounds like a man possessed and you call him soft?  Not to mention- this year he has been stepping up in the clutch! Oh but for real- it's good to see you think a guy who just scored 42 against Portland and went 39 &amp; 17 against the 'Best Team in LA...' is overrated.  You're a bum.
Lumberdozi::Soft player that is top 3 in rebounding?  Does that make sense?  What does he do stand at the three point line and wait for long rebounds to come his way?  I would agree if he wasn't an offensive rebound force!
luvnbayes::love is soft?  The single most idiotic statement in blog history.
LAfacts101::I am a Lakers fan at heart........but Kevin Love is quickly becoming not only my favorite player but a HERO to me!!!!  What a great role model for young kids and great NEW ambassador for the game of basketball.  Minnesota.... cherish this guy....he is like a national treasure!!!!
Leap_JRH::I was asked to cherish my wife when I married her, I won't do the same for Kevin Love... but he's a great basketball player.
LAfacts101::Fair point:)....
LAfacts101::And to think a year or two ago Rambis would not let Love off the PINE!!!!
luvnbayes::Rambis was the worst.  I knew Minn would improve this year no matter who became the coach.
oste0130::Rambis is a clown.
oste0130::Every King has a court Jester, and Rambis was Phil Jackson's Jester. Rambis did nothing in LA execpt stand by the Zen Master. Does that really earn Legendary Status?
LAfacts101::Correction:  Rambis was a clown as a coach for Minnesota....but he is a Laker legend and a classy guy....just have no clue as to why he was benching LOVE......
flomer11::Nothing better than watching Griffen lose and cry.
MetropolitansFan::Chris Paul the new Lebron James?.....gagging when the stage is the biggest
Leap_JRH::I don't think CP3 choked last night. The math just worked out that it was time for him to miss.
pdress::lol that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. I mean why even shoot 'em then if we can just mathematically figure out when they're gonna be a make or miss.
Bricky Rubio is 380th In Field Goal Percentage::Bricky Rubio with the game winning BRICK!!..HAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAHAH
MNfreakTim::How did those Cavs do again?
doggbrown1::HE'S RIGHT ABOUT SOMETHING, RICKY CANT SHOOT.
oste0130::You mean game winning Brick. If he would've made it, the Clips would had 2 secs to get a shot off, which is entirely doable. By missing, it gives MN a chance to get and hold the ball (securing a win) or taking time off the clock while the ball is in play, before the clips even get it in their possession, forcing a full court shot (which happened).  Sorry I fed the Troll.
nkruchten::Loser
luvnbayes::How long will it take for Adelman to realize that Webster panics with the ball in any close game?  Last night was at least the third time that Webster has performed a complete meltdown in the last minute in a close game.  It is Adelman's fault, Webster has no business being in the game in those situations.  (Maybe it was even Rubio's fault for throwing him the ball.  As smart as he is, Rubio must know by now that Webster is panic driven).
luvnbayes::Some athletes just have their mind blown with the game on the line.  It's rare at the NBA level, but Webster truly panics.  Can't be in at the end of close games.  It's that simple.
Leap_JRH::It's just weird to me because Webster really wasn't in a critical position per say. He wasn't asked to make a crucial shot or make a really significant pass to set up a crucial shot. He was asked really, to just receive the inbound from Rubio, and presumably turn around and make the easiest pass possible after catching the ball. If he can't handle that, I'm just done with him.
Leap_JRH::Yeah. I'm done with Webster. I blame Adelman for what happened in the final moments last night. But, I can live with Adelman's mistake, I can't live with Webster's ... whatever the hell his problem is.
HiptoClipp.com::T-Wolves have our number this season. Ultimately, look at the standings though. Disappointing to lose to a team 3 times that we should be beating, but we can't get down about it. Let's go Clipps!
HiptoClipp.com::Clippers are just going through a skid. They're playing good ball this year on the whole and they will get their bearings back.
luvnbayes::No Billups, no chance.  Paul knows.  Billups is a champion, and the Clippers are not even close to being as good without him.  They are around .500 without him, and that will continue.
Leap_JRH::You won't be alone for long. Minnesota is learning how to fight at the end of games. They're going to be dishing out beatings far worse than you guys have taken from us.
John Claytons Twin::Love is just an awesome combination of power and touch.  The way he bangs for boards then goes out to the arc and drains 3's has never been seen before.  The size is god-given obviously, but the 3 touch is something anyone in the league could replicate - if they put in the work.  K-Love is truly maximizing his abilities and you can't ask for more than that.
John Claytons Twin::If Shaq had put in Love-like work he would have had not 5, not 6, not 7, perhaps even 8 rings.  And he would have hit some free throws.  And yeah, Lebron is twice the athlete Love is, but Brons results are say only 10 to 15% better.  Love closes that gap with <b>work</b>.
luvnbayes::One thing isn't skewed.  Love is a great FT shooter, Griffin is a poor one.  And that matters.
HiptoClipp.com::There's no denying K-Love is playing crazy good this year. When compared to Blake, though, the numbers are a little skewed. We talked about it last week:  http://www.hiptoclipp.com/2012/02/blake-show-or-love-boat.html
Leap_JRH::Like I've always said, if Lebron took his talents to the practice gym there would be no stopping him. K-Love is obviously gifted in a number of ways, but much of what separates him from the rest of the NBA is that he just works harder.
tyande01::Clippers are a ok but thats it just ok. Another case of getting severely over hyped by ESPN. OOOOOOOO Blake dunks big but did they win the game? No ESPN needs to can it with the Clipps and Linsanity or whatever the hell they call it
Cadolots::true.. they need to get off Griffin and Lin dick and starting praising a player that even a better then those guy
luvnbayes::Losing Billups was the end of the Clips being true contenders.  They are around .500 since he got hurt, and that's about right.
WISH I HAD A NICKEL FOR EVERY RUBIO DIME::LOVE 3 Griffin 0  RUBIO 3 Paul 0  Darko 3 All the rest of the clippers 0
Leap_JRH::It's March 6th, 2012. I believe the Timberwolves are playoff bound. Meow.
Pierre De Colo::Clippers are fool's gold.
Jason Terry765::If they had Mr Big Shot they could come out the west
fathale::If my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle.
Leap_JRH::Paul is good, and so is Griffin, but that's about it. They got a lot of guys who do 1 thing reasonably well but have 2-3 major problems with their game. For example Mo last night with that foul on Rubio... not a big play in the game, but just little stupid things like that got them killed last night.
fathale::When they had Chauncy, they were pretty good.
Leap_JRH::I can't figure out how the heck they've won as many games as they have. I'm not saying they suck, but they aren't better than Minnesota and they aren't better than a few other teams they are ahead of right now.
Cadolots::second game was close? they beat the Clipper by  12 points how that close?
LAfacts101::Just a side note:  If the Clippers were the ones to had beaten Minnesota in all three games (which were all close) the Clippers record would be 25-11.......so the pesky Wolves are a one team wrecking crew to the Clippers....taking away a change for the Clippers to have an OUTSTANDING record.....
Ultimate__Fighter::KEVIN LOVE &gt;&gt;&gt; BLAKE GRIFFIN, NOT EVEN CLOSE, kevin love is putting up MVP numbers and when the wolves make the playoffs he should get the MVP, way more valuable to his team than kobe lebron and kd
luvnbayes::i'm a big a fan of Love as anyone.  I'm from SoCal and followed him at UCLA, where he was just awesome.  But Love isn't the number one reason the wolves have turned around.  That is Rubio.  So who's the MVP of the team?  Probably Love, but not by much.  Everything Rubio does is winning basketball, no matter how rotten he shoots it.
MNSPORTS93::I would argue that Adelman has had more of an impact than Rubio.  We do play better whenever Rubio is on the floor though.
HiptoClipp.com::The wolves are definitely scary, as is K-Love.
Ultimate__Fighter::lolz- and a great free throw shooter
fathale::Yeah, but Blake is an awesome dunker. And his Kia commercials are funny. *sarcasm*
StompOnFailtics::Have the Clippers made the WCF yet?
fathale::No. But they won a pre season championship. Just ask their fans.
bizzo.james::Lob City!
Jason Terry765::Its all on CP3 n the 4th caz u cant go to BG Jordan caz there n the 50s from the line with no moves
Jason Terry765::Tune n to c what Shaq say thursday caz he like BG
Leap_JRH::I think after last night, the case is closed for 100% of the nation. Love &gt; Griffin.
Jason Terry765::i agree but he dont have none of that so i dont c Y people say he's the best PF,i like that he play hard and reb but he dont block shots and Love has had 3 HUGE games vs him this season and a game winner...
Leap_JRH::Griffin has to find some sort of mid range game. If his head is not directly underneath the basket, he has no offensive game right now. If he could just shoot from 6-10 feet with JUST A LITTLE accuracy, life for CP3 would be infinitely better and the whole team would really benefit.
oste0130::Flub City
WiscCHISportsFan12::How's Wesley Johnson doing this season?
Franchise8515::Wes is one of the worst players in the league. His PER I believe is the worst out of any player getting substantial minutes. He does not rebound at all and is an average defender and has shot something like 20 free throws all year. Why he plays one minute is one of the biggest mysterius of the season as he has 50% of the stats of beasley (including steals mind you) in almost every category yets plays more minutes. Baffling.
Leap_JRH::I just had a tree expert come to my house about an hour ago to chop down a tree, grind the stump and roots, and remove everything. It'll cost my neighbor, who owns the tree about $1,850.00. For another $1,850.00... I'd ask that Wes Johnson be removed too.
Leap_JRH::Yeah I agree man. Webster's not a terrible athlete, just no Hoops IQ at all. Last night when he allowed himself to lose the ball in the final minute and then foul the dude... last straw for me with Webster. Just plain dumb.
Jason Terry765::Basketball IQ go a long way for me,did u c that pass Webster did n the corner with the steals king CP3 moving n and when u need a 3 goin for the 2.Him and Mike and hit the road the fast way...
Leap_JRH::He's really bad right now to the point that I don't even wanna see him on the floor unless we're losing or winning by 20+ points. Every time he gets out there the worst possible thing happens.
Jason Terry765::Wes is young,hard worker and a good kid to have on ur team,with Webster and Beasley around playin the 3 as well and them guys r D!cK$ isnt helpin his game.But with all that being said he do have to get better and soon.
WiscCHISportsFan12::Ricky Rubio is the next Steve Nash.
doggbrown1::HAHAHAHAHAHA. NASH CAN SHOOT.
LAfacts101::Maybe a bit of a stretch in that Nash shoots 90% from the charity strike and shoots LIGHTS out...but as a passer NO DOUBT!!!!
Franchise8515::Hes actually a good defender on and off the ball. He is number one in all of the league in steals.
marvin alston::so hes not gonna guard anybody all his career huh
Leap_JRH::I think Rubio as a passer is already on his level. I know a lot of NBA purists are going to be angry with me for saying that, but Rubio's technical passing skills are elite and he sees the floor as good as anyone EVER has... ever. Now, if only Rubio could score more than 4 points.
leonsearcy::that is his best skill clearly--delivers the ball on time too
WiscCHISportsFan12::I agree with this.
Jason Terry765::Has to work a lot harder on his shooting to b Nash,more like a young JKidd
leonsearcy::has nowhere near the upperbodystrength or hands or speed of a young kidd----
WiscCHISportsFan12::For sure. I almost threw up when I saw him shoot in the Rising Stars game.
Jason Terry765::If Minn can somehow get a SG for Beasley and Webster that would b nice..
Cadolots::Kobe Bryant for Webster and Beasly and you got a deal
LAfacts101::The Lakers will give you a great shooting guard for Beasley.....his name is the versatile/multi position LUKE WALTON!!!:)
Franchise8515::Trading Webster and Beasley together for a shooting guard would be pure stupidity. Who would play the three then? It has been determined that Williams is not a three and Adelman has said that several times and Wes is the worst three in the league. So yes trade webster and beasley for a 2 then you need to trade someone else for a three.
MikeThor::Only a bunch of idiots would wanna see Webster and B-easy go
eototal::I'm hoping for Kevin Martin or OJ Mayo.
Jason Terry765::Ur right but all KMartin do is shoot and shoot but OJ would b nice or Ray Allen for Beasley and Webster Boston need young low IQ guys+Doc can make them a lil better
eototal::I want a real SG. Ridnour is Ok at best.
Jason Terry765::KMartin just do 1 thing u do want that kind of guy+Luke is holding his own
Leap_JRH::Webster should take his talents to the junk yard. I don't care where he goes just G-T-F-O. That turnover-to-foul sequence was my last straw with that clown.
Jason Terry765::Him and Mike's basketball IQ r really bad and that cut of Webster would b the last straw for me,it just say that im still young acting.
WiscCHISportsFan12::Actually, I mistyped my statement earlier.  Love &gt; LeBron
Leap_JRH::Well yeah man... at least Love is willing to shoot the ball. Kevin Love would never defer to Mario Chalmers in game 7.
LAfacts101::Would not be surprised if James deferred to Luke Walton in a game 7:)
Jason Terry765::Love is sure better at the end of games
WiscCHISportsFan12::Along with another 90% of NBA players.
Leap_JRH::If Lebron ever starts taking his talents to the practice gym, he probably could be above everyone.
