DanNYC1628::Longest streak in the NBA. Ladies and Gentleman, your New York Knicks!
jrtall3n7::Last night watching the NBA there were a lot of ref calls under video review. Maybe they should start switching cameras to high speed during those last two minutes of game time, so you can get a super slo-mo replay. The way it is now, they're always looking at someone's fingertips in between two blurry video frames. Super slo-mo requires lots of extra data but if you only use it in the final 2 minutes it wouldn't be so bad.
ice_in_my_veinz::yea for the grizz. ft barrage
StrahanNYG::#knickstape baby
chabacano1987::8/20. Impressive night from Melo, as usual. Keep it going
NYK0107::6 in a row!  Go Knicks!!!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
angelgr89::Knicks winning without Tyson Chandler. Impressive
jrtall3n7::I was wondering why the Grizz weren't playing Gasol in the paint more on offense to exploit this.
CuseNKushWave::Melo Needs to learn that when we play this good he doesn't need to jack up shots. Get to the rim! And stay plugged in on the defensive side. Wen he doesn't score he damn sure doesnt play defense
Justin03175::I'm sorry Melo needs to step it up. In the last 5 minutes, when the grizz were clawing their way back he was nowhere to be found-chilling when doubled, and getting blown by on defense. These 30 something % shooting nights are unacceptable. I'd like to see him drive the lane more and fo hard at the rim like JR has been doing.   My simple explanation is follow the money. JR Smith and Kmart have been hustling and playing hard b/c this is the stretch run and they could add millions to their value in FA next year (at least in Smith's case). Melo monetarily has nothing at stake, so he's fine taking a back seat. Lets hope he steps it up once the playoffs roll around.
Justin03175::I remember him missing a couple big shots down the stretch, then getting a key T when the lead had been cut to roughly 10. I have no problem with him not being the main scorer and being an energy player-but he was not playing with any energy on the d end either. Further he was still taking a ton of shots! They were just not dropping. That puts pressure on people like smith to be even more efficient from the field. If he's going to take the shots, he should try and nail them at a clip closer to 40% than 30%,
NYK0107::Disagree completely.  Melo was quiet in the first half and third quarter but hit some key buckets down the stretch to keep us ahead.  Melo doesn't have to be the top scorer every night.  Its like he's damned if he does and damned if he doesn't.  What's wrong with letting JR score more points if he has the hot hand.
CKeane314::J.R. Smith needs AT LEAST one more tattoo.
ice_in_my_veinz::The knicks need to draft a young big man badly.   gorui dieng  or jeff withey???????
I beer u::hi
kapernick is squidward::If sucker punching was an olympic sport, melo would have 4 gold medals right now along with his 0 nba championships.
floyd1243::Where is Mardy Collins these days?
kapernick is squidward::melo more upset that JR smith scored more than him two games in a row than happy the knicks won.
yourmothersmustache::Making up BullSh*t is fun for you I guess?
YogaBeer::The new streak?
TheRealOG44::Amare' over Martin anyday - says nobody
floyd1243::Amar'e knees takes plenty away from his game both defense and offense. They will keep him out of the games.
ice_in_my_veinz::amare defense is what kills this team  amare does give the knicks a low post threat though.
ice_in_my_veinz::these knicks look like the knicks to start the season. nice to see.kmart has been huge. him and chandler should provide dominate defense up front while being beast on the glass and shumpert bringing that defense on the wing. :)
ice_in_my_veinz::Knicks work best with the 2 pg lineup. earlier it was kidd n felton, now its prigs n felton  shumpert is starting to look better recently  decisions decisions
savetheplanet10021::martin needs to stay in the starting line up....when healthy....chandler....martin....melo.....shumpert....felton....
floyd1243::The Knicks will meet and beat the Heat in the ECF: If Camby plays as angry as he was getting thrown out last night. If Melo shoots around 50% from the field and snatch at least 10 boards a game. If Pablo shoot when he's open . If Martin can stay out of foul trouble and stay on the court. If Tyson plays an aggressive offensive game and gets to the foul line. If Shump and Copeland continue to improve. If Novak hits his set shot from anywhere , don't have to be 3"s If Felton continues to take it to the rim If JR attack! attack! attack the rim on both ends like he has lately. I know, lot of ifs, but very doable. Dam, what a team that would be. Last but not least, Jason Kidd is simply on the floor doing what he does, a lil bit of everything.
StrongThaMenace::Its very possible we do all those things...just not at the same time!!!
savetheplanet10021::dam....thats a lot of ifs
floyd1243::M I asking to much of this team or is it possible?
ice_in_my_veinz::knicks fans have to be worried jr smith is playing himself out there price range
TheRealOG44::True story! I was thinking that. He's playing lights out. I think he's a shade under max contract. I always knew he was talented but his immaturity always prevailed. Looks like he's quieted that and is playing to his potential.
ice_in_my_veinz::and iman shumpert set the table. Nice game for the kid!
ice_in_my_veinz::nice win for the knicks. grizz came back because the knicks had no legit big men out there for a long time. camby ejected and kmart in foul trouble had melo or copeland playing center. Grizzles also got a ton of foul calls
Kaisersoser::And some people want to leave TC on the bench when he gets back? With TC and KMart, we will be able to maintain our defensive intensity for much longer
ice_in_my_veinz::there dumb. chanlder must start. if you want to go small ball at times you can play kmart at c and melo at the 4
floyd1243::Melo, What is the problem man? Ur missing shots at the rim too often and the ref's don't like u cus u don't get the call u think u should get. Have u noticed how badly you'er fg% has dropped over the last 20 games or so? What's the problem? KNicks as a team look real good last night.
Streak4MoreCash::Ironically MEM is the team JR should be playing for as a starter. He could take over that team as the #1 player
floyd1243::That's the reason they got rid of Rudy Gay. Plus they already have one, Bayless.
bigmacandfries::please help me out if you see any Heat Fans in the morning this will help them feel better as the day goes by    Newsflash a massive Heatwave took over the world causing Heat fans to dance to the Streak, but they took a wrong turn on The Windy City Street,   Someone told them to stay away from the Windy City because Heatwaves usually Die in pity. The Heat fan said how could this be' the windy city fan Replied  , Fool i told you its too Dam Cold for Heatwaves this time of year.     My name is Deli Dale i wrote this message and i dam sure approve this message oh by the way GO BULLS!!!!!!    ps this message was created by the Makers of We Broke Your Dam Streak.com i know what you are saying as you read this you Mutha $@%!$@ please pass along and make a heat fan day i know i will.
bigmacandfries::please help me out if you see any Heat Fans in the morning this will help them feel better as the day goes by    Newsflash a massive Heatwave took over the world causing Heat fans to dance to the Streak, but they took a wrong turn on The Windy City Street,   Someone told them to stay away from the Windy City because Heatwaves usually Die in pity. The Heat fan said how could this be' the windy city fan Replied  , Fool i told you its too Dam Cold for Heatwaves this time of year.     My name is Deli Dale i wrote this message and i dam sure approve this message oh by the way GO BULLS!!!!!!    ps this message was created by the Makers of We Broke Your Dam Streak.com i know what you are saying as you read this you Mutha $@%!$@ please pass along and make a heat fan day i know i will.
bigmacandfries::please help me out if you see any Heat Fans in the morning this will help them feel better as the day goes by    Newsflash a massive Heatwave took over the world causing Heat fans to dance to the Streak, but they took a wrong turn on The Windy City Street,   Someone told them to stay away from the Windy City because Heatwaves usually Die in pity. The Heat fan said how could this be' the windy city fan Replied  , Fool i told you its too Dam Cold for Heatwaves this time of year.     My name is Deli Dale i wrote this message and i dam sure approve this message oh by the way GO BULLS!!!!!!    ps this message was created by the Makers of We Broke Your Dam Streak.com i know what you are saying as you read this you Mutha $@%!$@ please pass along and make a heat fan day i know i will.
bigmacandfries::please help me out if you see any Heat Fans in the morning this will help them feel better as the day goes by    Newsflash a massive Heatwave took over the world causing Heat fans to dance to the Streak, but they took a wrong turn on The Windy City Street,   Someone told them to stay away from the Windy City because Heatwaves usually Die in pity. The Heat fan said how could this be' the windy city fan Replied  , Fool i told you its too Dam Cold for Heatwaves this time of year.     My name is Deli Dale i wrote this message and i dam sure approve this message oh by the way GO BULLS!!!!!!    ps this message was created by the Makers of We Broke Your Dam Streak.com i know what you are saying as you read this you Mutha $@%!$@ please pass along and make a heat fan day i know i will.
Bobby Boombotz NYG::Camby and Kurt partying like its 1999!
floyd1243::yea not playing at all
gmoney420gmen::Knicks driving and dishing is way better than melo and JR just throwing up 3's with 20 on the clock..With tyson back and kmart down low- this slower pace works better and makes this team so much more dangerous rather than that crazy run and gun style they played earlier this yr
Kassom69::Grizzlies should of kept Rudy Gay.  They look so weak.   The team will be a first round exit in the playoffs!!!
floyd1243::If ur a Melo fan I can see u as a Gay fan, same type player. Volume shooter with mid 40's shooting %. Neither does much else for the team.
StrongThaMenace::They played last night...
emthomasjr::Nah, we just need ZBo and Marc back.
M for Malicious::idk about a first round exit, because you know how the playoffs can be. But I still can not believe they gave rudy gay up.
RNYC_125::JR Smith playing great basketball right now. Getting to the rim, taking smarter shots its really a pleasure to see. Having that proven second efficient scorer helps this team tremendously. On the flip side it seems as if he and Melo have swapped brains. The past 2 games for Melo have been OC. Wild shot selection. Wild fouls. Just not smart basketball.
Streak4MoreCash::JR is taking the same shots. Fans just want to validate their complaining from when he didn't make those same shots.
J. R. Smith::Thanks for the props, bro.
SmokeyNYY::lol how was that name not taken already
b4-it-became-lob-city::z-bo is wack amnesty that B____cth -BLAKE THE EARTH QUAKE GRIFFIN
Jake-Macauley::The only Knick-Nugget that I miss is JR Smith. He might be the most talented player coming off the bench in the NBA.
StrongThaMenace::Him and Jamal Crawford, they both are so nasty.
CuseNKushWave::Knicks looking hungry! Can't wait for Tyson to come back
Jake-Macauley::Thanks Knicks.
jgurewitsch127::Picked up a game on Miami tonight!!!
J. R. Smith::grizzlies just got #taped.
Im_Epic_Win::96 bulls had 13 total losses including the playoffs this year Miami team has 15 losses already
Kaultar::good job on learning to count lol.
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::Thank God Miami finally lost
Nayrock10::Ok lol
Nayrock10::How happy are we and please no more talking about trading any 1 cuz we have a good team if the pass the ball and play smart as a team
OmniVersal::Best part about the game was watching Z-Bo quit on the Grizzlies
its1929again::He'll be traded at the end of the season.  No excuse to ever quit on your team...especially when you're pulling down the kind of jack he is...
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::J.R. Smith is ballin right now.  That man isn't bullsh*tting.
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::Wasn't able to watch... How did we give up that lead?
AlwaysAKnick::fouls stopping clock
Kaisersoser::And a vindictive ref
Texans1095::check it out Mets and Yankees fans!! http://austinsmithwnis.blogspot.com/2013/03/2013-mlb-predictions.html
Texans1095::check it out Mets and Yankees fans!! http://austinsmithwnis.blogspot.com/2013/03/2013-mlb-predictions.html
emacpmd::They're having a meltdown on the heat/bulls board.
J. R. Smith::yeah, it's pretty crazy over there.
J. R. Smith::Chandler will likely be back for the Celtics game.
NYFan-Yankees-Knicks-Giants::After the Knicks beat the Heat IN Miami.....all of the critics will have to accept the fact that the Knicks are going 7 against the Heat in the ECF.
ToledoMan::get serious
its1929again::not the entire country, just you liberal pieces of dung
Kaisersoser::You say something this stupid whilst call others dumb? Talk about a possum calling a platypus ugly....
its1929again::dream on
alexhernandezh::It's all a dream because nothing has yet happened.  Are we really that dumb as a country???
alexhernandezh::The Knicks are (hopefully healthy) the only team that can give the Heat a challenge if not beat them.
floyd1243::Hope somebody beat the Bulls early.
Gastineau Invented The Sack::Game 7...Melo vs Lebron..Who wants it more
J. R. Smith::going for 7 in a row against the bobcats.
Gastineau Invented The Sack::9 in a row Miami
NY NBK Far Superior.::8 in a row boston
J. R. Smith::we gotta take it 1 game at a time.
