Seal Rchin::Trade Melo and Lala to LA for Kanye West and Kims rear end.
Shaun Mitts::im Seal richin i like my own posts
Tung Nguyen::That would actually be a good trade for NY. But hey, the Knicks don't make good trades, they traded for Anthony.
Bob Shottaindeath::Tung Nguyen you need to get an life, is Melo sleeping with your ex-girlfriend?
Yinan Chen::Knick's tears are so sweet.
Jason Chapman::Best post ive seen yet...lol
Gregg Thomas::You, sir, made my morning.
Junior Gokool::This team is going 22-60 this year, with the 1st overall pick going to the Nuggets!
Duane F. Hubbard::We are TRASH
Colin Uza::Raps are distributing the ball well and everyone is contributing. Great chemistry on this team after the Rudy Gay trade.  I also love how J. Val and Ross are developing in their sophomore years. As always, Amir is doing the little things on both sides of the court to help us win. And Demar and Lowry are doing their thing.  This team actually looks the most promising it has looked in a long time.  GO RAPS!!!
Steven Christian Shaw::I agree that the Raps have greatly improved after the Gay trade.  You guys didn't get a pick for that trade did you? cause If would be a great way to build the team.
Colin Uza::It was mainly a salary dump and addition via subtraction. But Salmons has played some great defense since the trade and Patterson and Vasquez give decent veteran minutes.
Steven Christian Shaw::Colin Uza Eh, well you guys got a Great GM.  I'm not from CO but man was it sad to see a great GM just let go like that cause the owner is cheap.
Colin Uza::The fact that Ujiri got us a first round pick from the Knicks for Pasta Boy Bargnani and his ridiculous contract is astounding. Pure highway robbery, almost felt bad for Knick fans.
Steven Rivera::its ok the GM got fired after he made that trade
Colin Uza::Steven Rivera yep we had a horrible GM for so long as well (before Ujiri). Colangelo was terrible.
Seal Rchin::2015/16 season is when Knicks will be able to compete, Amare, Carmellita, Bargnani, Tyson and World Peace all will be finally gone.
Steven Rivera::Carmelo could stay the only one living up to his contract but the other guys have to go
Angelo Mendiola::the Knicks got talented players, I'll give you that. But they're poorly coach. they don't know exactly what their role is. Crappy team management. obviously the teams morales down. With or without Carmelo Anthony. They won't go anywhere with this squad they have. And I strongly doubt that this coming free agency, players like Kevin love, Roy hibbert and even Westbrook will show any signs of interest. No one wants to be a knick. Judging how they run things here. If Carmelo leaves then maybe they'll attract someone who wants to be in the spot light. But playing with Carmelo is a road block. I'm just saying. He's a good player. But I wouldn't want him on my team. I got my own reasons why. Good luck Knicks in the future. Since pacers and heat got the east locked for 3-4 years.
Steven Rivera::Dude shut up! how you call the best player who is leading his team in almost every category a road block? The team is not talented at all besides Tim Hardaway JR and maybe Shumpert ( who has been a disgrace all year ) there is no talent beside Melo and Tim
Steven Christian Shaw::Seattle should have a team.  But your right the Knicks have flaws throughout the whole management structure but it starts from the top with Dolan.  Woodson is a solid coach but not a Championship coach as he won't make changes when things aren't working and loves ISO too much.  But I don't see any Big name coaches coming with Dolan being the owner.
Angelo Mendiola::Like I said Steven Rivera. I've got my own reasons why I don't want a player like Carmelo on my team. Dude. Why don't you just respect people's opinion on others. I rather have Dwayne wade carry my team than Carmelo.
New Tracks Daily::Why didn't the Knicks trade for Lowry when they had the chance? He showed them tonight what they missed out on, completely owning the Knicks to the tune of 32 PTS, 11 dimes & 8 boards... How the hell does your starting C only grab 2 rebounds in 30 mins on the floor? JR Smith's shot selection is worse than ever... the team has no hope. #GoRaptors
Kate Joo Hyun Kim::How about this trade? Click like if you like it.  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=kmxrr9b   Houston gets Melo why? Morey wants another star ?make big 3.  Knicks gets Lin, Parsons, Young and 2nd round Pick from Sixers.  Why? Knicks needs PG. Bring Linsanity back. Lin has very good chemistry with Stat, Chandler and Shumpert.          It will make younger and better team. Build up from there.           Also, Parsons is very good player and has potential to be a star. Lin, Shumpert, Parsons, Young and Chandler very good team  Sixers gets Asik  why? they want Asik.
Steven Rivera::Why? Woodson will be the coach and Knicks will still lose games
Kate Joo Hyun Kim::Steven Rivera Then change coach
Hansel Marte::lin is overrated thats a terrible trade
Colin Uza::Way to go Raps keep it up!!!  Jonas is playing really well lately,  him crashing the offensive glass with Amir is exactly what we need!  Our rebounding is what has killed us in prior years.
Timothy J. Casey::If this Knicks squad makes it to the playoffs, it is largely because of Melo whether people want to admit it or not. This squad is garbage. Even their defense looks worse without him and that's saying a lot.
Steven Rivera::Chill dont speak facts to these Melo haters in here
Krishan Clemente::that trade is absolutely horrible. Why would the knicks give up melo for lin and parsons? Melo is the only player on the knicks that is any good
Brody Crowley::Is this real???!!!
Tung Nguyen::We do not want cancer spreading to Houston. GLuck NY for another year and a half.
Raffi Chaglassian::JRSmith:"Don't worry guys, I'm fine, just a concussion.."  whew, not like he uses his head anyway.
Raffi Chaglassian::no srsly tho, take smith out and have him evaluated, he stayed down too long during a live play not to take it srsly
Steven Rivera::ESPN deleting comments
Steven Christian Shaw::It's getting absurd.  I can't even hold a discussion without things disappearing.
Colin Uza::The comment section is broken, the comments are disappearing after the 5 recent posts.   It isn't mods.
Chelo Mejias::Come on Knicks, beat the craptors!
Chelo Mejias::If the Raps lose, C's are back in first.......... boom! i just rocked your world
Billy McBride::But they won't lose
Chelo Mejias::Billy McBride   Knicks are letting me down....and i can't stand them lol
Aladdin Saleh::Melo has never played with an elite player... but people bash him for getting bounced in the first round... He wasn't expected to win ne of those series
Tung Nguyen::You ever wonder why no elite players ever mentioning recruiting Melo for their big three??? Keep thinking..... not ever. You know why???
Steven Rivera::Tung Nguyen No star player ever played with Melo cause no star player wanted to go to DENVER,
Steven Rivera::Agreed, Melo had to go against a Stacked Spurs team, Lakers and other top seeded WEST teams, If Lebron and the Cavs played out West they wouldnt get passed the first round ether better yet I dont think that Cavs team would even sniff the playoffs out west
Raffi Chaglassian::we HIRED woodson, we DRAFTED Shumpert.    If it comes to it, I'll take Shump-Shump 100x100.
Raffi Chaglassian::just his lack of performance all season long has cost this team atleast 5 wins, netting 10 to the record, still not great considering our competition so far...   1-6 in close games...  we're getting more from bargnani than novak, and woodson's lack of confidence in him and beno, is a disappointment, as predictable as it may have been.
Raffi Chaglassian::trade Shumpert and feel the wrath of a new curse.  mark my words. 12/28/2013
Steven Rivera::Shumpert is horrible this season
Colin Uza::Man, we are killing the Knicks on the offensive glass.
Mark Antwan::W/wo Melo this team is going no where no defense
Mark Sugimoto::They aren't going anywhere with him either. He doesn't play defense either. This team is a disgrace and embarrassment to the great city of New York.
Marcleen Bavogui::TRADE MELO.. FROM THAT DUMP OF A TEAM
Vontravius Williams::Knicks lost by 15 and are still lucky melo didnt play they woulda lost by 30 with him jacking up ridiculous shots.
Robert Bonamassa::I knew basketball players where soft but, Melo was cleared to play almost a week ago for a freakin sprained ankle and he is still out. To sign a guy like that long term and try and build around him would be such a huge mistake. Tear it down and start over.
