Hayward2Favors::Love Favors defense on Bargnani
nick ochi::glad espn is so pumped about this 30T game.  OH WAIT...an hour-long sportscenter last night didn't even touch the game.  good to know the lakers have a new coach though, i had no idea
NYeltigre::How I would love to have calderon coming off the bench instead of tinsley.
15ccall::Have calderon start and push Marvin Williams to the bench
Excelscior1::What happened? Lol
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Paul Millsap - behind-the-arc threat.
adamsbrian88::I really hope they find a way to keep him on
homii24::Hell of a lot of points in this one!
larrybird77::I think that the Lakers should trade for John Lucas III, so he can move back in with Uncle Phil, Aunt Viv, and cousin Will.
Island In The Sky::If you have to go 3OT to beat the Craptors...you got serious problems. Utah sucks. Real $@%!$@ don't want to play or live in SLC.
skeele801::SLC is actually pretty cool.
larrybird77::Interesting theory, "island in the sky". You sound like a total idiot and a d.b. Your in-depth analysis makes it obvious you should quit basketball and go back to watching The Bachelor, which you could probably comprehend.
tcongino::so what do you have to say about the defending Western Conference Champs needing to rally in the last minutes to beat the winless Pistons?
saintsrapackofcheaters::I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar for picks. In my first month I doubled my initial balance and did even better my 2nd month. You can find the system online if you search google for Sports Betting System.
manimarf09::Get this Utah team on the road, they're terrible. They needed triple overtime to beat a 1-5 (now 1-6) team in the Raptors? Don't know why ESPN televises their road games (like this Friday) when their home affairs would be much more intriguing.
gouhuskies3::g
gjagpal12::Dwane Casey................ Your fired
basketballdiaries::"You suck at basketball Canada" - Vince Carter.
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Toronto looked like they could battle for the 8th seed in the preseason and on paper, but it's not looking so great right now. http://www.milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Valanciunas needs to earn how to avoid foul trouble.
d-nyce-::he wasn't in foul trouble today and he rarely is.
fuzzjar::It's happening: Favors is turning into a FREAK right before our eyes.
Island In The Sky::The $@%!$ is way overrated. But you have to cheer for something, cuz you live...in Utah.
fuzzjar::Actually, I live in Oklahoma City.  But Utah is a gazillion times better than anywhere else I have ever lived, including California and South America.  Your're just cocky because you are stupid.
tcongino::yeah.. clean, fresh mountain air is awful.
adrudi775::The Jazz have a pretty solid 9 man rotation. Their first seven is real legit and Tinsley and Kanter can provide quality minutes off the bench. It comes down to if the starters show up and play defense early and late in games.
howdythere.::never before have two such terrible teams played so hard for so long
SuperCMB2011::And OKC did against the pistons?? Last time I checked, the pistons haven't even won a game yet. At least the raptors have...lmao
jazzmantitch::The Jazz are a playoff team brah.
d-nyce-::They didn't play like one tonight despite the win.  They looked awful, TO kept them in the game.
hokienation135::Dang raptors need to get a win before they fall further behind with lowry out
scow79::Props to Millsap for guarding DeRozan during that last OT.  I was much impressed that a PF could keep up with a pretty quick SG on the defensive end.
telestialcougar::your picture makes me happy
acidflow03::Dont see why you are surprised he did it last year against Kevin Durant
ESPN-Insider::The Jazz escaped a hungry team tonight. Toronto will eventually get healthy and pick up their fair share of Ws. Now it's on to Rondo and the Celtics.... Looking forward to the matchup at 1 and 4.
Drun2400::Thank you League pass! Bout to watch this game right now since i missed it earlier!
d-nyce-::you're going to have a BALL
seansean145::Did Mike D'Antoni coach in this game?
d-nyce-::I wish, at least he has better rotations than Casey
trojan801::Moar Millsap at the 3!! While Favors plays the 4!!
Leafsfankenny67::$@%! my life! Gotta work and then I see this score on my phone. Must have been a great game!
19brom::fuckfuckfuckfuck
Steveforprez04::Damn DeRozan put up some crazy numbers
elchupanibre6::holy shizz
scow79::Where was Valanciunas once Johnson fouled out?
d-nyce-::good question
van.muhle::Good game I guess for the Jazz, atleast they won although when its triple overtime against a 1-5 team without some of its better players it really doesnt feel like it. Now watch us get rocked by the Celtics, although I wont care so long as someone punches Garnet in the baby maker.
hamel89::if it makes you feel better, the Raptors have a couple starters (and arguably their best player) injured, as is tradition...
hamel89::and I mean that is a way to say that the Raptors should be a lot better than their record indicates...
hamel89::seriously, what is the deal with Terrence Ross? Top ten pick always sits at the end of the Raptors bench. Why pick him if he gets next to no minutes?
Whitemamba-Celia Cruz Pick and Roll::Bargniani is ssooooooo bad. 7footer only gets 8rebs in 49 minutes woooow. All his shots should go to derozan
ryensgin::Derozan was out of gas I would say..  HE played 60 minutes!!!!
ryensgin::way to go Jazz!  Toronto you played very well.  All around an awesome game to be a part of.  Game of the Night right here
gsin1202::best game ever.
dan2t::just finished watching heat vs rockets, wtf 3OT here??
ryensgin::sick game.  Utah Jazz big Men hitting three pointers in clutch situations
sports is a business first and a business last::did anyone witness the takeover by the refs in the last two minutes to prevail the miami heat to a win
sports is a business first and a business last::is the score really true?
d-nyce-::of course
gri400::yes
Real_Salt Lake::Al Jefferson for 3..........BANG   lmao
scow79::The moment I saw Aaron Gray in the ballgame I knew the Jazz had won.
Kinga1024::where was Big V ?
gri400::it's the moment we all knew :(
Federico6646::I won't ask for a trade because there's no way anybody would even sniff his huge contract. Just use numero 7 to feed the polar bears...
Federico6646::I'm Italian, I'm supposed to cheer him. But I gotta be honest, he's just disappointing.
gri400::talking about bargs?
gri400::thought so... amnesty him i guess.  Polar bears gotta eat, but i think they'd pass :)
Federico6646::Not even polar bears would want him, right? :-)
supe540::Who else?
HEAT SUCKED SINCE 1774::.
Real_Salt Lake::The 3 point shot is finally back!
scow79::Yeah, now watch them go 3-19 in the Celtic game.
scow79::Spoken like a true Jazz fan.  ;)
Real_Salt Lake::Sadly that is probably going to happen
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Watching that game was an absolute chore.
gri400::you'd watch it all again in a heartbeat
scow79::You loved every minute of it and you know it
Topher78110::It's about time Jazz go get some more road wins!
Real_Salt Lake::yes!
footballert50::Thanks guys. You think Kleiza will avg 15? debating whether or not to pick him up in fantasy lol
rbmw263::pick him up before he plays the Jazz, then drop him after
JoeyDorsey4MVP::He averages around 8ppg ...don't expect anything more..
gri400::he should be a decent pickup until anderson or fields gets healthy. he goes off every now and then. 15 PPG might be expecting a little too much though
ignasm::Worth it right now as Fields and Anderson are out, he's likely to play lots of linutes and could average anywhere between 8-18 points as long as the aforementioned are out
mikeisildur::Lots of people go off against the Jazz and I think we all know the reason
scow79::No.  He always goes off on the Jazz for some reason
gri400::the raps are the best 1-6 team out there :)
mchomburg::That was so late
Angry Snail::When did DeMar get this good?
SuperCMB2011::Since the jazz have no athletic guards to defend him....
gri400::been playing like this since he signed that contract pretty much.
d-nyce-::money is motivation
footballert50::is Kleiza just a jumpshooter? what's his offensive game?
ignasm::Shooter, Post up, Fastbreak and draw fouls, get to the line
gri400::mainly a jumpshooter, when he gets hot he's great. solid hustle player as well. hopefully he gets more minutes, decent postup game as well
B3asT656565::Lol. Just when you thought it couldn't get worse for the raptors. What a nightmare
WIstormchaser2119::At least they play more than one overtime in the NBA
skeele801::Seriously.... pretty upset my Niners couldn't get that win pulled offf.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Stupid NFL haha
