crruss5::so are the Suns the most pointless franchise in all of sports?  The team that is good enough to maybe.. but probably not get the 8th seed in the Western Conference... Will ALWAYS have the 14th overall pick and not win a championship.
StompYourFace25::sign Al Jefferson please I don't care what it takes, max deal or not. BOBCATS NEED A BIG MAN WHO CAN REBOUND AND SOMEONE TO GO TO IN THE POST IN LATE GAME SITUATIONS!
Ray Allen GOAT 3 2.0::FIRE JORDAN!!
joest2003::How do you fire the owner.......?
damo_05::Shannon Brown doing what Beasley was signed up to do.
amiller244::Looks like the Bobcats are gonna lose the rest of their games and break their own record for worst winning percentage again...
2LikeABoss6::CHA time will come. But not this season.
Budd1087::Charlotte Bobcats: Biggest joke in sports
icefingers13::wait did the jets disband?
ACDallas702::Take it back!
Morning of 12-6-12::SUNS BABY
slawsondawson::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months now. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find out more how this system works. I have bet for years and never have seen such an accurate betting systsem.
Sun-Devils-Cardinals-Suns-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
asmosley::And don't forget Duncan leaving the bench that same game...where was his suspension?  Hard to hate the Spurs as much with Cheap Shot Bob and Bruce Bowen gone, but Manu still flops like a little b****.
Budd1087::So your saying it was unfair and unwarranted?
Xnmt::You do realize that the league suspended him, not the Spurs?
InCubaWith2Pac14::Biyombo sucks.. He will not get better. Bobcats need a decent PF or C.. Mullens takes the dumbest shots, he's a fake asz Dirk. Lol.
Budd1087::Biswhack Biyombo. Good for a couple blocks and rebounds, while being totally ineffective outside of dunk range.
InCubaWith2Pac14::But MKG, and Anthony Davis are way better than him.
TCluvcarpanthers::Yea because they're #1 and #2 draft picks. There's no doubt they're much more talented. You missed my point. The point I made by bringing them too up is that they're not fully developed size wise and skill wise and that they will improve.
TCluvcarpanthers::Biyombo hasn't even finished growing into his body yet.
TCluvcarpanthers::A good bench player is different from sucking. You have to have skills to be a good bench player.
TCluvcarpanthers::He has to add about 15-20 more pounds, similar to Anthony Davis and MKG. They aren't as big as they will be in a couple of years.
InCubaWith2Pac14::He would be a good bench player if they could get a better PF.
TCluvcarpanthers::He got better as a rebounder, offensive player, and post defender from this year to a rookie. And hard to believe, his hands actually got better from last year. What makes you think about his work ethic that he won't continue to improve as a 20 year old basketball player?
InCubaWith2Pac14::Bro is 20 years old, he should be done growing. Do you mean he will get fatter or what? What do you mean?
InCubaWith2Pac14::He's not going to get better. Be real. If you think so, then that's cool.
InCubaWith2Pac14::Hate to be downing these NBA players like this, but it's true.. Lmaooooo
Sun-Devils-Cardinals-Suns-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs..
Sun-Devils-Cardinals-Suns-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
slawsondawson::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months now. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find out more how this system works. I have bet for years and never have seen such an accurate betting systsem.
mdfrg::People i like the most on Bobcats roster are MKG, Kemba, Sessions. We should trade Hendo for bigman who will play instead of Mullens (so i think Bismack should start, we must give him another year to develop and learn how to catch the ball). Jeff Taylor should start and take more shots. He has great soft hands and mobility, Bobcats should develop his scoring ability.
Budd1087::The frontcourt is just flat out terrible. No post game whatsoever.
mswans15::anything it takes to get Mullens less PT
AvengedByCats::Anybody see that interesting stat about MKG from the Bobcats twitter feed? Only player other than LBJ to get 25 and 12 twice before 20th birthday.
TCluvcarpanthers::Beeeast.
Sir Gunner::Too bad Shabazz is not a PF. Oh well...
TCluvcarpanthers::Are you impressed with Nerlens Noel?
TCluvcarpanthers::I just wanna get anybody at this point. Any lottery pick, evaluated by Cho, would help us significantly.
Sir Gunner::I hope you're right TCluv, I wouldn't mind if we got Noel or Poythress.
TCluvcarpanthers::I watched him play a couple of games. He impacts the game much like Anthony  Davis defensively especially on the pick-n-roll. He's a good passer from the post and HUSTLES for rebounds and loose balls much like MKG. But primarily, he only gets points from alley-oops or tip ins.
mswans15::I think Poythress is actually more impressive than Noel
Sir Gunner::I actually haven't seen Noel play too much. And the one and only game that I saw him play, he looked unimpressive.
TCluvcarpanthers::People only complain about Bismack after a bad game.  No one was complaining after his 11 rebound game yesterday against Pau Gasol and Dwight Howard. No one complains about his almost 2 blocks per game in roughly 23 minutes. He's progressed immensely rebounding the basketball and is no longer biting on every pump fake in the post. At 20 years old, he hasn't even grown into his body yet. Dwight Howard is only an inch taller than him but has a good 15-20 pounds on him. Just imagine how much of a beast Biz will be in 2-3 years. He's a keeper for me until he proves otherwise.
andysherman44::mullens' -22 speaks for itself
icefingers13::hes a bobcats fans worst nightmare.
mswans15::yea, I really cant stand him
andysherman44::*-25
mdfrg::Bigmans are the biggest problem for Bobcats. If we had at least one DECENT bigman we would be 50% winning team. because Bismack isnt even a basketball player and Mullens cant play PF or C, he is tall SG with unstable psyche
InCubaWith2Pac14::lol
11_underdog::People are so quick to judge when they probably never saw the bobcats play until today. Yes they lost 12 games in a row. They are not the same team as they were last year. Them dudes play hard every game especially MkG &amp; walker. They are young and will get better. If you only get career highs against the bobcats that wack since they suck according to all the critics. Smh!
TCluvcarpanthers::Kemba is shooting and scoring much better. Next step is getting his assist numbers into the 8-10 range instead of the 5-7 range. Not extremely important, but it would be nice.
11_underdog::He would have more assist if the baskets are made when he pass them the ball &amp; don't forget sessions is on the team &amp; Kemba moved to the 2 when they are on the floor together
Sir Gunner::Imma see if fsoccer is in the Hornets board.
TCluvcarpanthers::I can't find him.   I wanted to brag about our stud rookie lol.
mdfrg::MKG still has positive +- stat. Like most of the games this season
Sun-Devils-Cardinals-Suns-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension  was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
TCluvcarpanthers::Drle5761 - How? That's that "i am not a hater" reasoning that's not good. Biyombo has miles in front of him to become average player, above average is just science fiction. :)  Biyombo is an average player.
Sir Gunner::#SuckingforShabazz, but I kinda want that 8 win.
InCubaWith2Pac14::Bobcats cant get over 7 wins can they? Damn.
killerkatz123::MKG Bobcats revival....
Sun-Devils-Cardinals-Suns-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils::Ho ho ho 4 in a row. We're playing better basketball now. The Bobcats aren't much better than the Wizards,but remember it was a quality win over the Grizzlies that started this streak. We can definitely beat Portland on Saturday. I'm hoping we eventually move up to 8th. If we wish upon a star,a playoff berth can come to us. GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Sir Gunner::I flagged this comment for being offensive.
TCluvcarpanthers::I take offense to your comment. The Bobcats are significantly better than the Wizards. GG though.
TCluvcarpanthers::OKC was worse than us at one point with young Russ and Durant.  It'll all come together at one point.
Sir Gunner::We still got hope.
MrFreese13::Lakers beat the bobcats by 1, the suns beat the bobacats by 17. Therefore the suns are 17 times better than the lakers
Los suns::Your logic is undeniable
The BatCam::MKG and Kemba will be great for a while here. Mullens sucks, hendo needs to be traded for picks and while Biz was bad tonight he could become above average
Drle5761::How? That's that "i am not a hater" reasoning that's not good. Biyombo has miles in front of him to become average player, above average is just science fiction. :)
The BatCam::He shows signs of being a good player and has the athleticism to get there. Just needs to learn the game some more and not trip over his own feet
Sir Gunner::Road to Shabazz 2013!!!!!
Sir Gunner::I was thinking that Shabazz can become a Harden-type player, basically Shabazz will be our 6th man, much like Harden when he was the 6th man with the Thunders.
The BatCam::id rather have a true big man. Maybe portland will turn it around and we can get two picks
Sir Gunner::More than likely, we'll keep Hendo.
TCluvcarpanthers::We should keep Hendo on the bench unless we get a lottery pick for him.
Sir Gunner::Biz will be good off the bench.
Sir Gunner::But wait, don't the Hornets have a worse record than us? Dammmmmmmmmmmittttttttttttttttttt
FORKWDEVIL::GG Cats! Later Suns!
TCluvcarpanthers::GG bro. Don't beat us #SuckingforShabazz ok.
Sir Gunner::GG broski.
ballerbooboo::of course its a high scoring 2h in a BLOW OUT GAME...LOL
TCluvcarpanthers::I JUST WANT A FREAKIN' 8TH WIN IS THAT SO HARD TO ASK FOR BOBCATS
Sir Gunner::Same here, I don't mind tanking with 8 wins,
Sir Gunner::We should pick up Shabazz, and allow him to be our 6th man, similarly with what the Thunder did when Harden was still there.
ForTheWildcatsZona::SUNS WIN!!!!!!!
82Garrett::i know theres only 26 seconds left, but dont be suprised if they game lasts another hour
The BatCam::the only good news is that these are the type of games we can come to expect out of MKG for a long time
TCluvcarpanthers::And Kemba.
FORKWDEVIL::Dudley worth the $ on that shot LOL
no worry no homo plz::How are the bobcats on a 12 game losing streak?
MrFreese13::Dudley/Brown have scored 20+ numerous times this season
Drle5761::They are bound to All Star game.
Drle5761::because they let duos like Brown/Dudley to score 46 points on them.
ForTheWildcatsZona::because they are the bobcats...
TCluvcarpanthers::INCONSISTENT AS SHIIIIIT.
McCoyLaw88::Emotional game for Al McCoy
airic.ad::Dragic and Brown have played great games today.
airic.ad::And Dudley.
82Garrett::Nice pass by Bee Rown
FORKWDEVIL::Does Michael Jordan still have controlling share with the cats? I am too lazy to google.
FORKWDEVIL::double like
82Garrett::lol
Sir Gunner::He's a part-owner, but mostly Rich Cho is handling the team.
TCluvcarpanthers::He gets to choose what coffee is used in the break room, I think.
MrFreese13::Dragic finally gets his double-double!
MrFreese13::my apologies
FORKWDEVIL::Actually someone last night text spell checker changed it to Dragon.
FORKWDEVIL::Freese, call him Dragon from now on.
Sir Gunner::If Dwight Howard can efficiently make his free-throws then MKG can fix his jumper.
FORKWDEVIL::So we are better than LA
Sir Gunner::But the Cats didn't beat the Lakers though?
FORKWDEVIL::1-2 pts, close one.
