Eric Witt::Blazers 5-straight! One of these days ESPN might even take notice good things are on the horizon in the good old NW! Go Blazers!
Nick Campbell::They will, I think they are sitting back and watching though, Blazers have had a run of bad luck. Once things start going well, we lose all momentum, and players, and cap space, and staff... lol.
Eric Witt::I guess I can't blame them for holding out, there definitely have been some bitter twists for Portland in recent history. Last year Portland wasn't as bad as their record, they tanked those last 13-games... They solidified their starting five with Lopez and actually have an NBA bench now. They definitely have potential to make some noise in the Western Conference.
Turner York::As a Pacers fan I know how this feels, but Portland is the most underrated team right now.
Don Layton::And Indy looks like the best team in the NBA...and not even at full strength yet.
Fred M. King::Good win in Beantown....first since 2004 I think they said.  'Bout time!  If they don't let us win once in a while, we just won't come back!   ;-))
Chelo Mejias::Congrats to REAL blazers fans, you guys earned this win.
Brandon Couch::lol not a lot of fake blazers fans in this world bro.... just saying
Chelo Mejias::Brandon Couch   Every fan base has fake fans
Brandon Couch::Chelo Mejias Im sure they do, but I am from portland and I dont know a single "fake" fan out of many I have met.  No real point to faking loyalty its not like we are some big city team like the Lakers or Knicks
Brad Glanry::RIP CITY!!!
Nick Campbell::I think the Blazers will take this one, but its going to be an ugly game. Celtics are improving fast on defense and they have guarded the 3-ball especially well which is going to make things difficult for Portland. But Portland will have the massive advantage on rebounds and second chance points. Both teams grind it out, Blazers by 6.
Chelo Mejias::i agree with everything but the blazers winning
Nick Campbell::Chelo Mejias Blazers have never played in Boston well. Actually, the Blazers have never played Boston well period. Blazers are finding a new identity and the Celtics seem to be watching theirs spiral away. I think it will be close. Bias for Rip City aside, I cannot honestly or intelligently guess who will win tonight. I'm hoping its heated though, seems the entire league has been a bit on edge so early in the season.
Gym Noise::Blazers can win tonight if they pass smart.   Pretty simple.    Make the losing streak end tonight.   The blazers have only one big win against the Celtics in their short history.     The 1985-1986 season the Celtics lost only one home game.   and guess who it was too.      That's right. Rip city .         Go blazers
Nick Campbell::Hmm, I like the aggressive play but Sullinger is getting away with carries and travels on almost every play. And refs are not blowing whistles on touch fouls for Portland. Still, the Celtics are trailing.
Chelo Mejias::What!? celtics have more fouls against them and the sullinger doesn't carry/travel on every play...what game are you watching?
Bill Mace::My man Mo Williams is a winner.. he will help this team get to where it is going.. Go Blazers!  RTR
Ed DeSalle::Hows that win over the Heat workin out for ya? Laugh my BALZ off!
Ed DeSalle::After that FLUKE win you havnt Won a game while the Heat havnt lost! LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL  Boston BLOWS!
Matthew Stone::Ed DeSalle U mad bro?
Joseph Swain::Ed   hey ed give us a break. we have a decent "core"  green ,sullinger,rondo(hurt) and the "rookie center" can't remember his name. meantime you guys are on top (miami) but you are getting old. and still need 14 nba titles to catch us. boston is young, with a ton of draft picks on the horizon...so "lighten up".....lol
John Luttrell::Oh Lawdy, we have a bench!!!!
Cody Palmer::Blazers are taking this one!
Chelo Mejias::up the butt?
Cody Palmer::Up the Celtics tender butt, yes :)
Chelo Mejias::Cody Palmer   I bet you know all about tender butts in the u.s army
Tom Burzynski::Riggin for Wiggins
Chelo Mejias::Jabari Parker has been better so far
Matt Ryan Rogers::Chelo Mejias 1-1 is not better that 2-0 nice try though
Chelo Mejias::Matt Ryan Rogers   what does that have to do with individual players stats?
Paul Friedrich::Trail Blazers on top of their division is long overdue good news. these guys seem to play well together on both ends of the floor. very fast feet in the frontcourt and depth. could be a decent playoff contender.
Teresa McGarr::I expect Portland to move to 7-2 tonight. I have respect for BOS' defense, but Lillard and Aldridge are just too hard to defend.
Teresa McGarr::Blazers are freaking good. They are sooo much better than I would have predicted.
Chelo Mejias::Oh please, girls don't watch basketball
Teresa McGarr::Chelo Mejias - Likely been watching far longer than you. Oh guess what, they play ball too.
Chelo Mejias::Teresa McGarr   No one cares about the WNBA. It just gives overgrown women a chance to do something that makes them look normal. And you know basketball like i know how to knit sweaters
Colin Uza::Brad Stevens is doing some great work with this team.  Given their lack of star power, Boston is playing some decent ball and have a respectable (albeit unspectacular) record.  I think the Celtics need to give Stevens a few years to work is magic and build this team from the ground up, because I believe that he will end up being a very solid NBA head coach in the long run.
Cory Nope::When accused of tanking, you have to stay around .500 until December- Unwritten NBA GM law.
Silas Reyes::is anybodyr=e lse sick of the whole boston strong thing yet? You would think the boston police force defeated the entire ruissin army instead of a couple college kids
Adriano Wind::911 was an inside job by the way
Chelo Mejias::That's because Boston isn't like Chicago or L.A....where murders are like taking your dog out for a walk... That is the reason for "Boston Strong"...because we don't take that crap up here
Theodore Bagwell::Matthew Stone   Sarcasm isn't one of your strong points. Is it?
Nick Campbell::I thought it would be closer but Sullinger sure put on a show for Celtic fans. Good road win to start Portlands road trip. See you next time for game 2 C's.
Chelo Mejias::It's funny too, because in one of the ESPN threads...somebody labels sullinger as "some crappy role player"
Meron Foto::Chelo Mejias  Dude was killin both inside and 3s.
Nick Campbell::Chelo Mejias Boston may be using him as the Sixth Man, but I think he is definitely making sure he is getting looked at for that starting spot. What Boston will watch now is what happens to that momentum these next few games for the Celtics. He keeps it up, Bass will be coming off the bench. Either way that's a good rotation at the PF position.
Alton Green::The Wiggins Randle Parker watch has already begun for Boston.
Karen Smith::Not the same ol bastion team... Not the same blazer team...you'll see...
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Sullingers the leading scorer? Who would've thought...
Brandon Couch::Wierd things happen when you have a pretty crappy roster
Chelo Mejias::huge game for sully, too bad the starters played like dog poo
Matthew Stone::Brandon Couch It's not crappy it's just......bottom heavy.
Christopher Kary::This is going to be a tough one but I think the Blazers are going to put the C's to bed early tonight.
JCorey Wilde::Okay i love it thats funny funny ..Yo Chelo Thats funny..
Ron Monroe::Let's Go Portland!!
