mackfactor::The complete lack of utility and scoring from the bench is KILLING the Pacers. With the exception of Mahinmi, who could have been had without trading Collison, every move the Pacers made in the off season was a downgrade.
Ivanov21::Spencer Hawes?!?! WTF!!!
chazzzzz1965::Mixers are dumb they should be losing these games
smokingstogies305::The Pacers are not a contender. They are not built to win in todays NBA. Will their coach cry to the media again this year? It was fun watching little punk Vogel whine his way to an early playoff departure last year.
Beanslams46::With this win, could the sixers make the playoffs? -- PLAYOFFS!?!....PLAYOFFS??.....PLAYOFFS?!!!?
kugutsumen81277::WAAAAH! It sucks that we didn't get any Philly area Pacer fans to represent and support us.  --George  Hill
rob31369::Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome YOUR Indiana Posers!
John 3663::The pacers will bounce back...at least they aren't peaking too early...
blackyfrost::"indiana can challenge the heat in the east"  lolololol
Brianhau529::Holy $@%! he coulda got a quaddouble
FoxKat93::Demon doesn't take losing that well--like I said earlier, go lick your chops in a corner.
Minnysota Vikings::Hawes came pretty close to a quadruple double tonight. Pretty dang impressive.
Ivanov21::yes I read the box score and couldn't believe my eyes !
FoxKat93::It's funny how Demon is doing all of that talking and the Pacers can never put the Bulls away until the very last second--WITHOUT Rose. Let's not forget the missed and biased calls against the Bulls. Healthy Bulls&gt; healthy Pacers.
Demon Belly::good night ladies I'm done here
Demon Belly::2 mad Bull dikes
Demon Belly::aww kit and kat are mad at me.... how cute.
Demon Belly::yeah real ugly stadium thats why its rated as a top venue in  all of sports. Nice try $@%!$@.
Kit Ramsey::The Indiana Journal, lol.
FoxKat93::By who??? lol
Demon Belly::okay I see youve resorted to mom jokes since your team is garbage, nighty night lil kit and kat
FoxKat93::Again, this garbage team is only 3 games behind and was even in front of the Pacers for a while as well. Does that make the Pacers HOT garbage?
Kit Ramsey::Finally, i told u Pacers players and fans have no heart, u start to push them around and they QUIT!!
Demon Belly::sure they do, stitch those girls up and lets play ball!!
Kit Ramsey::Oh, and by the way, why so many EMPTY seats in that ugly a-z-z stadium of yours?
Demon Belly::sorry kit bulls suck just like you
FoxKat93::Kit Ramsey - But your Mother sucks the best.  "I don't like the word suck, I prefer the word inhale." -Demon's Mom
Kit Ramsey::But your Mother sucks the best.
Demon Belly::too bad it aint gonna happen
Demon Belly::waaaah we have 4 players out you should feel sorry for us!!!
Chi_Town_Everything::http://espn.go.com/blog/chicago/bulls/post/_/id/12635/king-rose-explosive-return-seems-near  Bulls only 3 games back from Indiana.  The pacers dont want to see a healthy Bulls team in the playoffs.
Demon Belly::you still think Rose is coming back and you're gonna win a championship.
Kit Ramsey::Don't matter, the Pacers will NEVER win, look forward to being frontrunners till the end of time.
FoxKat93::Nope, but meeting up with the Pacers and beating them will do for me.
Demon Belly::whats the Bulls record? Oh that's right...
FoxKat93::3 games behind the Pacers--I wouldn't feel so comfortable if I were you.
Kit Ramsey::4 players out dipsh it, i thought u knew that.
Kit Ramsey::They can NEVER seal the deal and they won't!
Demon Belly::I guess thats why you the bulls
Kit Ramsey::Where's P.George's MVP trophy? LMAO! The Pacers are made up of average players that have no HEART, u start to shove them around and they will QUIT!
Demon Belly::all you have is excuses and hypothetical bulls.hit. save it for someone who cares
Demon Belly::don't matter we dont need him, we've moved on you should to
FoxKat93::Yeah, that's why Pacer fans were saying, "Wait til Granger gets back." lol
Demon Belly::Pacer fans dont sit around and make excuses because Grangers out. injuries are part of the game. have fun with your hypothetical bulls lineup too bad its not real
Kit Ramsey::Granger SUCKS! And where's Granger's MVP trophy?
Demon Belly::Who's to say p.ussy rose is ever healthy again.. I though he was gonna play for sure this year! ahahhahhah
blackyfrost::he's done with rehab, it's a mental thing now, doctors said he's ready to play and that was weeks ago
FoxKat93::Demon Belly - awww thats too bad. tissue?  Who is crying? There are still games to be played. All I am saying is that Rose didn't suffer an ankle sprain, but an injury that used to end players career, so it took him a while to rehab.
Demon Belly::awww thats too bad. tissue?
FoxKat93::Is this season over? No. Then, what are you talking about??? He suffered a massive injury.
Kit Ramsey::^ This.
FoxKat93::treydey, http://www.usatoday.com/story/gameon/2013/02/07/philadelphia-76ers-indiana-pacers-wells-fargo-cheap-tickets/1898101/  It was 18 tickets for .72 cents.
IversonDaGreatest3::76ers have the most loyal fans in the NBA...
Demon Belly::It's Hibbert not Hibbard you $@%!$@ and yes he was an all star last year
Kit Ramsey::Well he's playing like a Hibbard!
Demon Belly::dont you have WNBA to watch or something?
Demon Belly::awwww poor Kit and her gay a.ss bulls we all feel so sorry for them....
Kit Ramsey::And i thought Hibbard was an ALLSTAR? LMAO!!
Demon Belly::B.itch pleasse Bulls are garbage
Kit Ramsey::I'd like to see the Pacers play without 4 players including thier best player the whole year, then come back and tell me how good would your team be u dou ch.
Demon Belly::Hey Kit and Kat why dont you two love birds take your idiotic comments to your gay a.ss Laker or Heat board and leave real fans alone!
FoxKat93::Well, no because I am a Bulls fan and I am cherishing a Pacers lost after a huge Bulls win. Also, you should be glad that we weren't roasting your team. Go lick your chops somewhere else.
Kit Ramsey::No, because your team are FRONTRUNNERS and we ain't leaving till u admit it.
Kit Ramsey::Ah, no they don't, if that's the case, why so many EMPTY seats? The Bulls have the most loyal, win or lose, the Bulls sell out!
FoxKat93::Treydey10 - FoxKat93 - Hopefully it's a joke because I swear a Sixers fan bought like 10 seats for about .06¢ each.  If that's true, he still paid too much for them.  Maybe it was .03¢. ;-)
Treydey10::FoxKat93 - Hopefully it's a joke because I swear a Sixers fan bought like 10 seats for about .06¢ each.  If that's true, he still paid too much for them.
Kit Ramsey::LOL.
FoxKat93::Hopefully it's a joke because I swear a Sixers fan bought like 10 seats for about .06¢ each.
Kit Ramsey::Pacers are Overrated and frontrunners, this team will NEVER win a championship. NEVER!
Demon Belly::THAT'S RIGHT ABA!!! SUCK IT!!!
Demon Belly::They already have! ABA b.itch!
IversonDaGreatest3::LOL
FoxKat93::An ABA title is not a NBA title.
Demon Belly::I don't get the criticism of Paul George, he had a bad shooting night, it happens. He still pulled down 14 boards and had 8 assists. Look at Jordan at 22, I don't even know if he was in the league at that age but he sure as hell didn't will his team to a championship. Get real. David West is the veteran leader of this team. Paul George has done his share and then some.
Demon Belly::about time you corrected that $@%! dumb a.ss
FoxKat93::Really??? You edited your comment to say that. lmfao. It was only a typo for like a minute. Someone has huge anger issues.
FoxKat93::I corrected it.
Kit Ramsey::P.George will never be Jordan of N.Carolina, so forget about him being as good as Jordan in the NBA.
FoxKat93::Demon Belly - My point was b.itches talkin sh.it about Paul George not doing this or that. He's 22! LeBron, Jordan, none of them won a champ at 22. thats the point.  Well, it's an atrocious comparison to be honest. No one ever thought Jordan would be as good as he was, but he set the world on fire his first year and had a bigger burden to carry than Paul George. LBJ was expected to carry a team out of high school. So, no, they didn't win a ring at 22, but they had way more responsibility than PG.
Demon Belly::My point was b.itches talkin sh.it about Paul George not doing this or that. He's 22! LeBron, Jordan, none of them won a champ at 22. thats the point.
FoxKat93::Demon Belly - no $@%! he wont be as good as Jordan. Great argument and diss on George.  You were the one who compared him to Jordan in the first place. Everyone has off night--you could have easily said that.
Demon Belly::no $@%! he wont be as good as Jordan. Great argument and diss on George.
FoxKat93::Everyone knew that Jordan was going to be a star his first season.
tony_r27::Apparently NBA fans from Indiana are too cowardly support their community and hometown team. So they decide to be fake bandwagon fans and support other cities.
tony_r27::You might be the only one
Demon Belly::Pacer fan supporting my team right now $@%!$@
Demon Belly::keep speaking out of your $@% about !$@% you don't know
tony_r27::And they're all fake bandwagon fans who are too cowardly to support their community
Demon Belly::Nice generalization tony, actually there are Lakers fans across the nation since apparently you didn't know
littlebigs::Spencer played his best game ever tonight, at least in a Sixers jersey. Jrue put in a great game too and those two carried us to a nice win. We won't make the playoff but with a little luck in the lottery and a good draft, along with using the cap room from Bynum this summer, we could have a nice team to look forward too. That is a lot of if's but I will take what I can get at this point.
Constanza_George::Why are there people talking about Lebron and the Heat? This is a Pacers and 76ers board. Take those discussions elsewhere.
Kit Ramsey::No.
Demon Belly::yes, do it now
Demon Belly::Go Pacers!
Kit Ramsey::Frontrunners!
Tian Sang::lebron winning one for cleveland would have meant more than winning 20 for miami.
Kit Ramsey::Agree, le bum should go back to cleveland.
Tian Sang::nah
marco19188::leave the guy alone and worry about your own team
23InARowHaters::yawn,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Tian Sang::go take a nap
Demon Belly::Spencer Jesus Hawes
treyvon546::Honestly i would sell all my tractors and pick up trucks  if the pacers could get  lebron james on the team ..  i want us to win so baddddddddddddddddd...    a pacers fan
treyvon546::i swear these 10 year old kids need to find some other form of expression
treyvon546::Tian stop lying
Tian Sang::because thats his hometown, his people, his team. if it were me id die there trying to win one for my team rather than joining someone else to win for theirs. just saying.    loyalty!!!
marco19188::his from akron not cleveland
Shareef1987::His hometown is Akron.
treyvon546::Dude how is he a traitor he honored his contracts at Cleveland .. he was a free agent .. u do know what free agent means dont u
Demon Belly::I'd rather lose without that coward, sellout, traitor piece of crap
Tian Sang::wait til things start falling apart for him and im sure he'll jump ship again
khackett7::I think Paul George needs to step up his game another notch.  I smell complacency.  When nothing is happening, somebody needs to take over the game.  David West has been that guy in the past, Paul needs to also be that guy if they want to realistically contend.
Demon Belly::I don't get the criticism, he had a bad shooting night, it happens. He still pulled down 14 boards and had 8 assists.  Look at Jordan at 22, he didn't will his team to a championship. Get real. David West is the veteran leader of this team.  Paul George has done his share and then some.
khackett7::I agree to a certain extent about being patient, he's young, etc etc, but he's a pro athlete and he's shooting woefully bad this month.  When you're the leader of a team, you have to learn how to lead during adversity.  I haven't seen that much lately, and he's perfectly capable NOW, not next year, not when he's 27 years old.  He's made it abundantly clear he's ready now, but you can't just not show up for a month late in the season.
treyvon546::paul george is a bum just like danny granger
Westbrick is not elite::be patient. george made a big step forward and is now an all star. just give him time to become a superstar. indiana is lucky to have him. he might be a top 3 player in 3-5 years
John 3663::He has all the tools...i mean he can shoot, drive, rebound, everything. If he develops, he can be a poor man's lebron.
Demon Belly::you have to be careful expecting too much from a 22 year old
DBrownDrose::who's gonna play miami in the ecf? seriously
joshuaizme::Boston is the only team that is playing like they actually want to win right now in the entire Eastern Conference aside from Miami.
Westbrick is not elite::just imagine if a player as low-profile as spencer hawkes would have had the first quadruple doublesince hakeem and the admiral. only centers can do that?  players who might do this in future are Rondo and Noah (both had some crazy trip dubs already)
Demon Belly::Tiana admittedly wants to slurp the venom from the Black mamba.... -FACT
Tian Sang::you are still trying to comment on things i have openly stated
Tian Sang::you dont have a case
Demon Belly::I rest my case
Tian Sang::that didnt sound right
MasterOfLogic::Nothing you have said so far has sounded right.
Tian Sang::i didn't say slurp. i said id accept only by injection...lol
Demon Belly::Is the Laker board down for maintenance or what?  Not used to all the creeps around here
Demon Belly::yeah thats great, now please go away
Tian Sang::if your not used to it then i can see how one can be afraid of it...laker fans are plenty....i mean everywhere....roots go deep playa
Tian Sang::theres just alot of laker fans worldwide...something your team probably doesnt know about
MasterOfLogic::Thankfully
MTorres727@gmail.com::Pacers let me down 2 weeks in a row.
MTorres727@gmail.com::sorry 2 games in a row
KobeRoleModel::ANDREW BYNUM REHAB PROGRAM&nbsp; &nbsp; 8.00 am Wake up&nbsp; 8.30am Jack Off&nbsp; 9.00am McDonalds Brkfst&nbsp; 10.00am Jack off again&nbsp; 10.04am Nap&nbsp; 7.00pm Dinner- Church's or KFC, possibly both&nbsp; 8.00 pm Jack off/ cry himself to sleep
Tian Sang::pacers lost tonight because they are still feeling the 12 minute presence of the great KOBE BRYANT
Demon Belly::exactly
Tian Sang::i know you wont....ever....ever
Demon Belly::nor will I ever.... doubt that
Demon Belly::I don't
Demon Belly::I don't doubt that
Tian Sang::never doubt that
Tian Sang::cant resist the venom
Demon Belly::or should I say Tiana
Demon Belly::TS you sound like you want the Black Mamba inside of you
Hawks_Bulls_Cubs_Bears::pacers are losing games now!! wth
Hawks_Bulls_Cubs_Bears::dang my pacers team are losing games now??? wtf
Hawks_Bulls_Cubs_Bears::damn my pacers team are losing games now??? wtf???
BoBGRiFFiN2::Paula George 18 pts on 17 shots.   Kobrickesque
BigBabyHonzo::kiobe is averaging 47 PER you are sucha  FAIL TROLL
MasterOfLogic::14 reb and 8 ast is not Kobrickesque
BigBabyHonzo::Pacers fans should blow up their team and trade paul george to the lakers for earl clark and a 6th round draft pick unprotected
Demon Belly::OTAY!!!
zags 79::Fully healthy baby Bulls team is still biggest challenge to Miami and then even then.....*in the east
Tian Sang::thunder cant beat the heat...spurs wont make it to the western conf finals   LAKERS WILL WIN IT ALL.....BWAHAHAHAHA
celticsfanbutdonthateme::The Spurs or the Thunder are their biggest challenge
zags 79::in the East I meant
marco19188::okc doesnt match up well with miami.. and they still have westbrook
Tian Sang::Paula george, Paula pierce, chris paula....lol
Demon Belly::thanks Tiana
Tian Sang::welcome ?????   sh.it ....lol
BigBabyHonzo::if the heat were playing in ABA they would lose all their games. FACT
Bamm7272::This is the team that is supposed to challenge the Heat? Lol
zags 79::Pacers have peaked
John 3663::LOL says the bulls fan...get off this board you clown
MasterOfLogic::George: 18-14-8  Yet, people are saying he sucks.... they must think this is an off night for him.
BoBGRiFFiN2::He's just not as good as you guys try to make him out to be
marco19188::how many shots did he take
celticsfanbutdonthateme::Hawes came close to a quadruple double. I don't even know if thats a thing
BoBGRiFFiN2::LeBron at 14 &gt; Paula George is now
Tian Sang::hahahahaha
.KB24.::Looks like the Pacers are in a slump
Tian Sang::In the mamba we trust   -the entire NBA
.KB24.::Trust for what?
celticsfanbutdonthateme::IDK, dont question it
celticsfanbutdonthateme::Except for Boston!
celticsfanbutdonthateme::Alright, fine, even Boston
Tian Sang::even boston
celticsfanbutdonthateme::People, I need you to cheer on the celtics. We're one of the only teams that have a reasonable shot of snapping that streak the heat are putting together.
BigBabyHonzo::IN SOLIDARITY. 29 teams against the heat.  In Kobe, Durant, KG, etc we TRUST
Tian Sang::i would never do that    -KOBE
BigBabyHonzo::Pacers will win a ring when lebron graduates harvard law
marco19188::hahahahahahahah i fell of my chair reading this
BigBabyHonzo::King george&gt; king james at age 23
BigBabyHonzo::im tryna get 5000 comments by causing controversy
Tian Sang::king george??? england???
marco19188::must be on crack
MasterOfLogic::He's 22.
