Cyril::I don't like Kidd's rotations and lineup choices, but somehow it worked in his favor tonight. He started Teletovic against Carlos Boozer in the last game, and that was a horrible matchup for Mirza defensively (probably should have gone with Evans).  But tonight he benched Mirza even though Ilysasova was clearly a great matchup for him.  And for what?  To start Paul Pierce at power forward for some reason?    Pierce and Johnson were still a combined 6-23 against a bad Bucks team, and Teletovic had 19 off the bench (last game was 17 points in 18 minutes). This guy is due for a breakout season and could be a challenger for Most Improved Player if Kidd would give him the minutes.
GmanJoe::Amazing what having one hungry player in the lineup can do.  Now if they only had a hungry coach.
whoaaa::Livingston at SG can be a good answer for the Nets.  He brings a young guy that will actually take it to the rim, albeit he's not the fastest driver down the lane, he's a good one!
HeyHoody::How are the Bucks this bad?  Their second squad looks like it should be good, and they play in a terrible conference.  And, they're still horrendous.
Rich::Did Kidd spill his soda again?  If the Nets can beat the lowly Bucks, Kidd must be a coaching genius.
christopher::NETSATERS!!! and KNICKSASTERS!!! I didn't know that someone get free millions dollar in New York by just walking up and down the court.
Josh::The Nets and Knicks got the worst GMs in the league.  Who would pay for over rated and old players max money.  A week ago the rockets were interest in trading Asik and Lin for Derron Williams.  Derron Williams is a perfect example of one of the many over rated and over paid players the Nets have.  They should have pulled the trigger on that trade.  Anything would have been better than the current team.  D. Williams is here for the money, he has no heart when it comes to playing hard.  It would have been a great chance to dump one of the many bad contracts.  But their GM was too stupid.
mark::This should be an easy win for Milwaukee.
Steven N.::Of course Sanders comes back and the coach cuts Henson's minutes. Cut Ersan's minutes since he doesn't do #$%$.
Afro Cracks::I love j. Kidd but he is not a coach
