Kevin Walker::NY and brooklyn just traveled west and beat OKC and SA... ouch
Barton Funk::On any given Thursday....
Angelo Mendiola::Biggest win of their season. safe to say both clubs are light years away from winning a championship
Marcus Grein::at least OKC was missing Westbrook.
Steven Rivera::YES this was the Shumpert us Knicks fans been waiting for all season long!!! my goodness hopefully he can keep this up!
Donnellalleyezonme Sweeney::And we need alil more Hardaway
Ian Lachhman::Donnellalleyezonme Sweeney They need to let Murray play a little more also.
Andy P Kordyban::Didn't see this one coming. And the Nets won in OKC? Wow.
Matt Rose::but no westbrook
Jason Peters::Reason # 1,740,916 NOT to bet on the NBA........
Abidur Rahman::I am a Knicks fan, but even I know that this game has Knicks blowout loss written all over it. This season is a downer.
Steven Rivera::hows that blow out bro?
Jack Huang::Humiliating loss for the Spurs, not only they lost to the worst team in the league but they also lost to the laughing stock of the league.  Embarrassing , the most embarrassing moment for Spurs 2013/14 season.  Hate the Knicks!!!!
Shaun Mitts::u seem to be a fan of every team that the knicks face lol.  suck it!
Michael Baumann::"not only they lost to the worst team "  The Bucks are
Trenton Tre Benn::@Jack Huang don't be mad because you got cut as the Knicks water boy in 96:(
Steven Rivera::Knicks beat San Antonio last year at San Antonio but last years KNicks team was build more around Melo with 3 pt shooters, This years team is horrible, Letting Copeland walk and trading Novak was a mistake.
Blixa Ridgeback::trading novak is always a mistake...
Kevin Pribnow::novak went ice cold near the playoffs, trading copeland was a mistake, and so was sighning bargani
Steven Rivera::Kevin Pribnow Novak was always a no show in the playoffs but he plays great in the regular season something the Knicks are lacking a consistent 3 ball shooter
Steven Rivera::When Melo is on the bench this team looks DREADFUL on defense and offense. Melo going to have to play the entire game in order for a chance
Jun Zendhong::yes i agree
No Names James::and people say melo don't play D
Randy Ragsdale::San Antonio's color commentator is a dick rider. Jesus Christ.......can't stand this fool.
Treyvon Carter::Sean Elliot lol
Tanya Rivera::I think the key to this game is whoever can score the most points come the end  of fourth quater  wich ever team does that will probably win
Ryan Galuska::Very much agreed. Excellent analysis.
Blixa Ridgeback::lol! best analysis EVER tanya! i think im in love......
Barton Funk::Ryan Galuska  lol
James A Washington III::What an absolutely pathetic loss to a bad basketball team!
Jose Rivera::I'm sorry for your loss. Buahahaha!! Go Knicks!
Floyd Hicks::Knicks look llike a good team tonight.
Nik Chamberlain::time to start shumpert ahead of jr smith.  or just get rid of jr.
Ulysses Thunderhawk::The story was not really Carmelo, though he did play a great game.  It was Shumpert... a guy averaging 6.8 PPG and shooting 39% from the field on the season going 10-13 from the field for 27 points.  If anybody can figure out what makes this dude tick they will have a pretty good player.
Steven Rivera::Why is JR playing more minutes then Murray tonight? SMH I just dont understand WOODSON and take AMARE out and play Tyler!
Kurt Rose::Why was Shump on the bench so long? Woodson you suck! Shump/Murry/Chandler need to be on the floor a lot.
Vlad Kolesnikov::Great game! It was a fight till the end. Lets go Knicks, great start to the year!
Shawn Bento::Knicks choking it away in typical Knick fashion...
John Aiello::It seems that you choked from ur chair as the Knicks  showed class and guts from the floor.
Shawn Bento::Except I could care less if the Knicks win or lose...?
Yoonki Ethan Park::Shawn Bento Then I guess we're all wasting our lives.
TraphikJam Williams::Go Spurs, Go!
Alan Ogg::spurs fans jumping around like monkeys after passing the ball like 10 times and making a routine 2 pointer.. are they really that depressed over the 2013 finals? jeez people
Shaun Mitts::Lol this guy is mad that Heat lost to the warriors. take ur ignorance somewhere else. Spurs Have Real Fans. Something Miami will never get
Alan Ogg::Shaun Mitts spurs lost to knicks hahah
Shaun Mitts::YES YES YES!. #Knickstape baby.  we are playing with passion,integrity and playing with pride for NEW YORK. this what im talking bout!!
Jose Rivera::I didn't know my team tonight! They were unstoppable, Spurs didn't have a chance. And now Shump is gonna get traded. Yea right!!!!
Vlad Kolesnikov::After all the trade talks were over, Shump found his range and delivered big time in this game.
Jose Rivera::Vlad Kolesnikov Yessssss!
Leland Wong::the Knicks if they play smart team ball and not JR ball and Iso Melo ball they can still make the playoffs.
Barton Funk::Glad to see we dumped Chris Smith for Jeremy Tyler...somebody who can actually help us in some way in the interior.
Steve Carman::pathetic ginobli! 2 bites to tie and 2 bricks! fu k him off back to argie already! he's past his bald head used by date!
Sinead MacCarthy::The real Footlocker commercial, Melo takes off his Knick gear and moves to Chicago.
Alex CoolSnapple Fedorov::Finna Joan Chicagos got no offense and Rose is Amare Melos slick aint gone go there
