Rashan Blameitonme Taylor::Let's go cavs
Ryan Hastings::This is why I've said time and time again, Faried is all hype and the best example of PER being overrated at times.  The Cavs boxed him out all game and Shaw had no choice but to bench him in favor of a different lineup.  To the ESPN hype machine that rated Faried about 150+ spots higher than Tristan Thompson in the preseason polls, you done goofed.
Michael J Ortiz::That's why I hope they trade him before his value goes down and let someone else over pay him.
Brian Todd::Very scientific analysis, using 1 game as your sample size. Maybe look at it this way: This season TT is averaging about 7 mins/game more than KF, however KF is averaging more points, assists, steals and blocks per game. It's true that KF averages 9.1 rebounds a game while TT averages 9.5. Hmmm. Maybe that "ESPN hype machine" is onto something.
Spenser Duke Blevins::TT went Windex on the Nugs!
George Chip Thayer::Bynum, Waiters and Tristan to have big games in a lop sided Cavs win.
Michael Shen::I hope so too... Also hope Kyrie finds his shots again
George Chip Thayer::Michael Shen If our CAvaliers can win this game and I put money on it, I'd be a very, very rich man.   But I'm not a betting person so it's easy for me to make such claims.   I really like how the Nuggets have put together their team.   I wonder if we can just trade coaches?
Michael Shen::George Chip Thayer ha, I'm patient on Mr. Potatohead, I think hes a nice coach, poor offensive coaching abilities but nice defensive coaching. I think the problem is with the chemistry and Kyrie's poor performance. I'd give them time, it's still not too late to go on a 5 game winning streak to get past the .500 mark
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Go Nuggets. This team is looking really good, and that's with Wilson Chandler playing like crap and their second best player being out for another month or so. They remind me of the Spurs, just pure team basketball that brings out the best in players. And my God,  Mozgov is coming off a monster set of games. If he can continue to play even half as good as he played against Brooklyn the Nuggets will win a lot of games. People forget how young he is, he's still got a lot of room to grow but I feel like he's finally figuring it out. It's like for the first time ever he realized he's a massive dude (not just tall) and is now taking it to people. That head fake drop step he had towards the end of the Brooklyn game was sweet man.  In short, I'm really proud of this team and pleasantly surprised that what looked like some questionable off-season moves are turning out okay. The cherry on top is that New York is doing so bad and if they continue to tank, we have a legitimate shot at a top 5 pick. Oh, and Brian Shaw is looking like he belongs as an NBA head coach. Offense looks great, and defense is coming along quite nicely.
George Chip Thayer::That's always a bonus...   To be a good play off contender AND have a top 5 pick in what is considered at this point to be one of the best drafts since 2003
Kenny Lawrence::I was watching this online from the Nuggets broadcast (I'm aCavs fans) and as soon as we went to the freethrow line the video just blacked out. Lol sore losers to the broadcast. Great games Cavs thats what we need big men putting up numbers to help open the outside shots
Steven Censored::Now this is the Cavs team I envisioned all summer!! We have the talent! Now we need them to play as a team more consistently
George Chip Thayer::Tristan the Monster!
Mason Wesley Lloyd::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr7ZFqO18NI Yeah... that deserves a few more looks.
Daniel Ahrendt::.TT's FT% from senior year at Texas to today in his third year: 48, 55, 60, 73. The guy works at his craft like an animal.
George Chip Thayer::He is an animal.    And he's the IRON MAN as well.    What Cavalier has been as steady as he has since he's found his way to Cleveland?   The answer would be Gee.    Every coach tries to keep him out of the line-up b/c he's not a consistent scorer, but Gee simply stops the other team's best scorer consistently.   AND we've seen him guard every position from PG to C.     Getting back on subject, our bigs are looking pretty good with Bynum, Wild Thing and TT.    Plus, as an emergency a team could do a lot worse than Zeller or Clark as 4th and 5th option.
Jumane Redway::Andrew Bynum sighting AGAIN!? 14&7 in 20 min of work? Great news for NBA bigs.
Charles Cherry::DENVER ON A 7 GAME WIN STREAK....CLEVELAND IS NOT SNAPPING IT...
Chris Mathis::YES THEY DID SNAP IT.
Steven Censored::Where's your big mouth??????
Daniel Tuggle::BREAKING NEWS:   Anthony Bennett made a good move
George Chip Thayer::Ty Lawson, who has had a good year so far, either had a really, really, really off night or Kyrie Irving is picking up the defensive pace.    1 out of 17 is NOT something to write home to mom about.    I think the answer is somewhere in between as Lawson had his arms full trying to guard Kyrie...  but man that was a horrible night for Lawson.
Viruth Cheng::Kyrie is not picking up his defense. B2B game
George Chip Thayer::Viruth Cheng so Lawson really is puke bad then?
Michael Shen::George Chip Thayer What'd I tell, Haha 5 Game win streak here we come!
John Osaki Jr.::Good game for the Cavs. LeBron James fans in Cleveland, check out his awesome chapter in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time!
George Chip Thayer::John Osaki Jr was like "No way" and the bandwagon fan was like "Way" and John Osaki Jr was like "no way" and bandwagon fan was like "Way.
Drew Grundfor::way to close the half cavs...their scumbag owner is definitely pushing a tank job...there should be a penalty for sucking, not a reward haha.
Quizz LeBeau::People talking about a back to back, while the Cavs have had half the amount of home games Denver has had already! Stop the whining!
Lisa Worth::how do you figure? Nuggets are 5-5 away (10 games) 6-2 home (8 games) Cavs are 5-3 home (8 games) 1-9 away (10 games)
Drew Vaughn::im going for cleveland on this one...it might depend on how bynum does...he had a good game a couple games back...lets see if he can continue his run
Daniel Ahrendt::A healthy AV&AB make for a hell of a tandem at the Center position. 30/20 a night looks possible between the 2. I could live with that.
Ron DeGaeta::Add the Nuggets to the list of top ranked teams that lost to bottom of the barrel league opponents.  I guess this is vacation week.
Drew Vaughn::im not even a cavs fan and i called this before the game even began... #TheresMoreWhereThatCameFrom
Ryan Alan Heiser::Wish McGee was playing in this game against Bynum.  Despite the series loss he dominated Bynum that laker-series.
Connor Fielding::Lol McGee is not a good basketball player, Hickson and Mozgov are miles above him.
Tony Ellis::So what's the deal with Bynum? Is he actually turning a corner and going to start playing 30 minutes a night?
Jake Gilliland::hopefully not til Playoff time....
Christopher Paul Bowen::Refs are whistle happy tonight. Scheduled loss off a back to back when cleveland had 3 days off.
Steve Broome::How did Bennett have no stats other than his 5 pts? 11 minutes isn't a long time but still..
George Chip Thayer::Gotta admit he had a lot better night than Faried or Lawson put together.
