Anti-Stratfordian::.
Bucman567::<p style="font-family: ComicSansMS,Cursive;">GOOD JOB, MAGIC!</p>
Bucman567::<span style="font-family: Arial;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;text-decoration: none;"><p style="font-family: ComicSansMS,Cursive;">Awesome!</p></span><p style="font-family: arial,sans-serif;"></p>
tommygtaa::Anyone will watch any game today ? i'm gonna watch them at home on this new live streaming website, they have been streaming all game since the beginning of 2011/2012 nba. Visit www.mynbatv.com Happy new year :D
clipctb::If I'm Dallas, I'm trading anybody on the team including Dirk, for Howard and Nelson!
clipctb::If I'm Boston, I'm trading Garnett and Allen for Howard and Nelson even for just one year.  in fact the Celtics should trade anybody on the team except Pierce and Rondo.  If I'm the Knicks, I'm trading Amare and Chandler for Howard and Nelson.  In fact the Knicks should trade anybody on the team except Melo.
ucfyank::Magic were smart to not trade Dwight. He's an emotional guy, let the season play out..he knows how much he's loved in Florida. Patrick Ewing already told him the grass is not always greener. The worst place to be in the NBA is the middle, they won't get equal value so even if he walks in free agency just start over and rebuild. But Dwill and D12 in OTOWN would be great for the NBA. Not your average 'small market' when you can fly direct to Brazil from Orlando International Airport, great winter weather...there are much worse places to play as far as cities go... ex Oklahoma City
Johnson95135::If he was going to stay in Orlando he would have already signed the contract.  If it gets to the end of the year and they get to both become free agents,  my guess would be they team up in Dallas.  And Patrick Ewing won zero titles,  I would not be consulting with him if I was seeking championship advice.  lol
jimmyjam289::Waaaaaaaaaaaaa t    again??  DW nets 2 baskets al night---- and one of them was a drive to the basket. His shooting smells. I swear he is dogging it on purpose to force NJ to get rid of him asap.   How else can you explain his poor shooting- and on top of that- he Toots when he shoots- he smells up every arena he plays in. This guys Stinks.   Get rid of DW --Get rid of DW--  Get rid of DW.      The Word.  Jimmyjam289
doc_acc::If any of you guys wonder if Howard is leaving, consider this: why would he stay with a team where 4 guys take more shots in a game than he does.  At least with the Lakers only Kobe would shoot more.  Anderson, Turkoglu, Richardson, Reddick all shoot more than Howard.  He was 7-9.  They just won't give him the ball.
ElArtman1973::they went to the finals with this strategy, and when they tried to make dwight the main scoring option the got beat in round 1. dwight is one of 5 players, not the only one of five that can play.
trizzo23::dwight gets the ball ..when the double team came..he threw the ball out to open shooters...like he should...do you know how game works? you  play to win the game
muccmaster::Why are you going to force the ball to a fairly limited offensive player who's just going to get fouled and most likely miss both free throws anyway? He wants to leave to go to a big city, not because lack of touches.
openminded43::Also, the Magic have multiple scorers and don't need to rely on just a few guys to score every night!!!
openminded43::When he GETS HACKED, that takes away a FGA YOU DUMB-SS!!!
pistonfanstill::As much as I hate to admit it but both the Nets and Magic are better than the Detroit Pistons. Hey Nets, you remember Lawrence Frank, the Foil for the Spoiled Jason Kidd who got Byron Scott fired? In comes Frank to coach a team which had made Back to Back Finals to turn them towards the Lottery. Now he's here in Detroit to make the Pistons the worst team in the NBA.  Thanks for giving this Indiana towel boy the opportunity to make his fantasies of being a coach come true.  Now we are Stuck with Frank-Stuckey and headed down.  Bill Davidson should be fortunate he's not alive to see the demise of what was a great team.
markfox73::i'm guessing dwight woke up and told williams he has to come to orlando...
markfox73::nets might trade williams if they think he is leaving !
markfox73::dwight howard, jason richardson, williams could be pretty good together..
markfox73::williams should just wait it out and come to orlando to join dwight howard when he is a free agent ! and dwight should go ahead and resign with orlando'''
birdman._.::On a funny note anyone remember how Jordan Farmar was saying he could be a starting Point Guard in this league?
JeremyAce4::The Nets roster is a mess.
refuse2bend::dwight is like yea they miss a lot of shots so I was able to rebound a balouza out there
Luclongley_MVP::I am going to laugh when the Nets dont get D12 and Deron Williams leaves them.  That franchise will be set back 50 years.
markfox73::williams just might leave for orlando to join dwight howard in o-town..
polomontana::Trade DWill to Orlando for Jameer, Turk and a first round draft pick.
Friendlyface424::jameer sucksssss. bring raefer back and lets run......
WRONGonRED::DWill, don't play with that garbage of a team.. go play for Orlando with Dwight!
Rhitson88::Haha, Williams declined to comment on the possibility of opting out of HIS contract and joining Orlando at the end of the year. Thats awesome. Could be a possibility. Orlando has much more of a team to offer than the Nets do. Williams, Richardson, Turkoglu, Anderson, and Howard. That spells CHAMPIONSHIP all day.
birdman._.::Yes because in the finals their 2 good PG's really helped them with howard.  They have the same team who shoot 3's and miss in the playoffs
wcboyer24::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UQU0P_Rwm8&amp;feature=youtu.be &lt;&lt;&lt; watch
Gatorboy001::Glad to see Anderson lived up to my prediction in 20+ points, really disappointed to see he only grabbed, what, three rebounds? If this kid could grab 10 rebounds a night, he'd be an allstar.
CosmoKramer1444::He's been grabbing a lot of boards lately. You think Howard having 24 boards had something to do with that lol?
The_Grand_Poobah3::no doubt, Anderson is crafty, he is moving well on the court right now, getting wide open threes.
yaq87::d williams is way over rated he cant carry a team like paul did last year
jimmyjam289::maybe DW is on crack-- yeah thats right Crack--- that is why he is putting up more bricks faster than the construction crew puting  up the Brooklyn Arena .     Word.
Kyleb4116::Magic's roster is old...they stand no chance against heat or thunder (who I see as this years finals) a young team like the nets will be contending with those teams for a longer time. Nets have no center right now....nets created open shots for there players by posting him up...Deron Williams is a stud....him averaging 20 or more and brook is getting better every year..
markfox73::nets contending?   why would dwight go join this team that is looking horrible with the talent they have in place....nets would not be as great as everybody thinks even with dwight howard...
Kyleb4116::what center besides dwight can real put up good defense on brook lopez
birdman._.::Bynum, Chandler, Griffin/Jordan
Kyleb4116::terrible.....all the playes are developing....deron williams arguable top pg in the league...anthony morrow deadly shooter if left open....and add dwight to that and all the shooters the nets have...yea nets lose but u never really looked at the stats of any of those games..
trizzo23::young and scrubs....10 players cant make nba team...only nets...young....young and dumb!
trizzo23::okur is better center than lopez...no center?
KikyExcel::Take that Kevin Love!!
MagicalDiesel::Deron Williams to Orlando has more of a shot than Howard to NJ
jrachi856::The real question is, will D. Williams be traded before he becomes a free agent?
Sixers1234567::You think Deron will sign with Orlando as a FA when the season is over? and Dwight will resign?
Sixers1234567::Deron Williams and Dwight Howard had dinner last night and will definatly team up within a year. The only question is to where...Will Deron go to Orlando with Dwight?  (sign there as a FA after this season) Or will Dwight go to NJ with D-Will? hmmmm
JeremyAce4::Everyone that has dinner together conspires to go to the same team.  DWill fans - he is the new Mike Bibby.
yaq87::dallas is the place
trizzo23::the more dwight sees dwill play the better orlando and nelson look..
Kyleb4116::No brook lopez! Think about it ! Nets are a different team with him! !
birdman._.::Funny thing is deron continues to diss lopez talking about how all they need is a "Center" and they would be good.
Kyleb4116::only the beginnings of the season anyway...the nets are going to get better...and so is marshon brooks! NEXT KOBE! Believe it
Kyleb4116::rebounding numbers were down only because of kris humphries...he had ridiculous double-doubles..
Kyleb4116::search the stats and see...towards the end of last season he was getting 30 or more
trizzo23::yea he gets like 5 points and 2 rebounds a game against dwight....lol they are better with okur
jrachi856::D. Williams is not overrated, he is playing bad because he is not happy and is not motivated to play. I can't see him finishing the season with the Nets. There is no way Deron is going to play through this.
btpkk::a good PG can make a crappy team better D-Will hasn't
thomas9577::this comment has nothing to do with the first one you wrote, but you're right about today's superstars...they just want rings now...jordan, magic, and bird wanted legacies and lead their own teams to titles, not form an all-star team and do it the easy way
jrachi856::You are right, that's just how the star players are in today's NBA. There is no way Magic, Bird, and Jordan would've never played together. There was no way Ewing would play with Jordan on the Bulls. I grew up watching an era in the NBA where all the star players wanted to beat each other not play together.
thomas9577::so he's not overrated, he's just unprofessional
oaklandZOO11x::Marshon is the best rookie in the league. And fortunately playing for the Nets will allow him to get the stats to prove his case.
trizzo23::if he played on a different team might not get on court...someone has to shoot on nets...lol
jasondmce1978::guess Orlando had to learn the hard way that Big Baby is highly overrated.
hyperk1d::Not like Bass was doing much there either. I think Von Wafer could end up being a steal in that trade.
thomas9577::good to see dwight howard spent the lockout working on his free throws
Rezo201::Deron Williams is highly overrated, goodnight.
mikeyjm1412::true. good night.
Yep Lets Rock::LOL so Dwight still would want to go to NJ? hahaha what a fool
thomas9577::so you want him to go to new jersey so they can be a playoff team, lamp?  HE'S ON A PLAYOFF TEAM, why would he trade one for another?  he needs to go to a title contender
LampLamp305::It's not funny D-will howard M.brooks trade lopez for an SF or PF they could be dangerous marrow and Deshawn on the bench is a playoff team
birdman._.::humprhies is a pretty good PF better than christina bosh
mikeyjm1412::He is superman after all...
mikeyjm1412::Most likely. NY doesn't seem to have the money to sign him and the nets are like a weak core inside a planet that is about to fall apart. Howard must feel he can revive the planet with his talents. who know what might happen?
corygunnage::LETS BE HONEST YOU KNOW A TEAM IS BAD ON OFFENSE WHEN THEIR BEST PLAYER THIS YEAR SCORING WISE IS A GUY THAT WASN'T EVEN IN THE LEAGUE LAST YEAR IF I'M AVERY JOHNSON MARSHON BROOKS  WOULD GET 30 MINS OR MORE COMING OFF THAT BENCH THE KID CAN SCORE
mikeyjm1412::Yurp.
corygunnage::yea but their management has made bad trades before but he's a diamond in the rough they need to keep em
mikeyjm1412::I HOPE THE NETS KEEP HIM.
corygunnage::UNDER THE RADAR TYPE SUPERSTAR TO BE
corygunnage::YEA DUDE KINDA REMIND ME OF BRANDON ROY
mikeyjm1412::TOTALLY MAN.
mikeyjm1412::Who is better? Mets, Jets, or Nets?
mikeyjm1412::It is the offensive coordinator. He is not using mark's strengths and he ruined the run game.
corygunnage::HE NEED TO PLAY IT SAFE LIKE OTHER COACHES JUST COACH THE GAME NO GUARANTEES BUT MARK NEEDS TO  BE KICKED OUT OF NEW YORK SPORTS FOREVER LOL
mikeyjm1412::That is true. I just hate losing in the championship and rex ryan blabbing his mouth off sometimes.
corygunnage::WHENS THE LAST TIME THE NETS OR METS BEEN TO THE PLAYOFFS LOL
corygunnage::JETS BY FAR AT LEAST THEY MAKE THEIR CONFERENCE CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES
Darkeagle91::Cool I guess Dwill is just not gonna try this season without lopez.  Marshon's a stud.  We need to trade dwill for picks and build around him.
PresleyCutchTabata::dont give up on D-Will just yet...........
mikeyjm1412::The NJ nets stadium is a sad place. That is why the nets bombed it at home besides the fact that they did not p[lay good.
BustaRhymesYo::What an abysmal organization! How in the world are they going to steal knicks fans when this Nets team play like your local high school bball team. As barkley says.. Turrible..
thekola::I dont realy care about stealing Knick fans
scow79::What the heck have the Nets done to convince Williams to stick around?   That roster is atrocious!  They have surrounded Williams with a bunch of scrubs.   You better hope he really likes Brooklyn bc I wouldn't blame him if he left after this season
scow79::D-Will is counting the days until he can get out of town
scow79::We'll have to agree to disagree.   I see an average PF in Humpries, a C in Okur who is past his prime and awful on defense, Sundiata Gaines who was playing in the D-League a couple of years ago is now starting games and aside from Morrow and Brooks (both average) a bunch of no name players coming off the bench.
PresleyCutchTabata::their roster is not a bunch of scrubs, its a bunch of role players, but they arent playing as a team yet so they are struggling
mikeyjm1412::2-64 with good defence and no offence.
mikeyjm1412::What do you think the marginal number of wins would be to get into the playoffs for the east?
PresleyCutchTabata::.500
mikeyjm1412::I can see them playing a good team offence. 30-36
PresleyCutchTabata::yup, i see that as their final record also
PresleyCutchTabata::the Nets will get their act together, they just need to play team offense
MagicBoltzRays::3 stars 1. Howard 2. Anderson 3. Turk
Masta Da Magician::Turk? No..Blax you didn't watch the game..Turk was garbage... Either J-Rich or Redick get the 3rd star.
PresleyCutchTabata::I agree
PresleyCutchTabata::good game buddy
MagicBoltzRays::good game
Tru3Blu308::The brroklyn nets have so many good pieces to get dwight howard right? maybe if they ship thier whole team and a player in Lopez held together by screws they MIGHT get howard. ROFLMAO the magic dont want any of this garbage and LOpez will never be considered the 2nd best center in the league as some say bynujm is and can be. THe lakers will get dwight howard sorry nets fans keep dreaming...
hyperk1d::Nobody is going to offer anything worth Dwight Howard. I say the Magic should let him walk. The only reason to trade Dwight would be to dump contracts and if he said there was no chance of him staying.
randymossallday::well it is true gasol and a healthy Bynum &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Howard.
Tru3Blu308::sorry bud nut gasol bynum and kobe already won a ring together where were you? o yea your head must of been up your a s s
scow79::Gasol + Bynum &gt; Howard  Gasol + Bynum + Kobe = No ring  Howard + Kobe = No ring  Sorry to burst the bubble of delusion that you appear to be in
Tru3Blu308::KObe winning another title with the best center in the league....hmmmm thats far fetched i guess kobe hasnt been to 3 out of the last 4 finals with atleast 2 injuries. Never underestimate the heart of a champion. We know how to win in LA, NJ is and will always be known for greasy roided out fist pumpers and a corny reality show never its NBA team...
thekola::Nets were also gonna absorb Duhon and Turk. are the lakers gonna do that for the Magic???
scow79::I liked the first part of your comment.   The second part you trailed off into Laker fantasy land
yankee4life372::yea and then howard can play with old man kobe, metta, fisher and mcroberts and win the title, you keep dreaming lol.
_Dan_Gilbert::Dwight to Cleveland for a trade exception and a couple of second round picks
burdie57::keep Tim Tebow out of this!
yankee4life372::Yup, and then followed by the 2nd coming of the King.
scow79::If Nets fans don't like D-Will then maybe the Nets could trade him to the Jazz for Devon Harris, Derek Favors, Enes Kanter and Golden States pick in next years draft
PresleyCutchTabata::Nets fans do like D-Will, he just had a bad game tonight
PresleyCutchTabata::the Nets have looked like a team on the defensive end so far this year, however on the offensive end you see them standing and holding the ball too often
oreed-tittletown-boston::LAKER fans still think howard on their team.
hyperk1d::Lakers fans think they deserve whatever they want.
..Clipster..::Mike Brown: "Kobe... what's an assist?"  Kobe: "It's when I airball another ugly prayer shot in the clutch, one of my teammates catches it and scores, and I get all the credit, right?"
PW-52::All those rings sure are nice.
