The_Red Flash::Here is GAY... 420 legends http://bgclive.com/board/viewtopic.php?t=941131   cyclonextrem exposed him last week:   http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=400278910
MustacheRide76::who you are, not who you is.
420_Legendz::F.uk you. Leave the me the f.uk alone. Is there a block button on here or sumin
420_Legendz::look bruh I don't know who you is or who you're buddy is but stop stalking me with this gay ****. i'm not gay, I don't swing that way. Get a f.ukin life.
MILBREW318::The Bucks could realistically lose 17 of their last 20 games of the season.  They have lost 11 of 14, and their last six games will be Denver, OKC, and four against Miami (Assuming they get swept, which they will).
John 3663::Do the bucks just not care about these last couple games?
bobcats 2020 nba champs::bobcats &lt;3
Jordanesque110::GAY
LordKastle::Milwaukee is an embarrassment. The problem stems from Ellis and Jennings. One of them is definitely not re-signing next season, which is why they brought Reddick in (if not both of them). They started out decent and now all of a sudden they have turned into a team full of greedy players. They don't play together anymore and Ellis/Jennings want to promote their free-agent value. They have fallen apart right before our eyes. Greed kills.
elcappytan::they should of traded Ellis to Atlanta when they had the chance
diehardnr1::Lakers want to know if they can move to the East....Stern just might let them...
elcappytan::they still wouldnt make the Playoffs
d_bokk::Miami better watch their back, the bucks are coming
LordKastle::They've actually done well agains the Heat. The problem is that was then and this is now. The Bucks aren't interested in playing as a team and utilizing their strengths against the Heat's weaknesses. Jennings/Ellis are just trying to put up points for their next contract as they know one of them, if not both, will not be with the Bucks next season.
joest2003::Great game Biz
wisconsindoobie::Wow when do the Packers start?  2-8 Crew after 10 games and Bucks with a 8 seed against the Heat in the first round who are looking like a 16 seed not a 8 seed right now.
amiller244::...and this drops the Bucks chances of upsetting the Heat in the first round from 0.1% to 0.0%.
DoctorHook201::Clash of the Titans!  LMFAO!
NBAs Blue AND Orange Boyz::Wow, what in the world has been wrong with the Bucks lately? They just have no heart, no boost, no motivation. They could have been in 7th place right now and getting to play the Knicks but they fell off a cliff
diehardnr1::Hope you guys get it together...well at least after the Monday game that is...   Not really rooting for Bucks yet....just afraid the Nuggets will think it will be a walk-over....and DEN just loves to choke vs team they deem inferior.
Celticpride197::jordan:greatest player ever and Worst executive ever  Steven A smith:KWAME BROWN then he drafts the overrated players from the tar heels championship team sean may probably could've gone un-drafted
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::And Adam Morrison
jellohellowello::this just in this game doesnt matter and has not effect on the playoffs
vermin_cain6::Michael Jordan will find a way to screw up the first pick
Sir_Gunners::Cats fans be like...  We should draft Noel  C'mon man Biz got 17 rebounds and 13 points. Let's see if he can keep this up.
-FEARTHEDEER-::Haha Lebron tweeted: "sorry, this tweet was blocked by Larry Sanders" that is awesome lol people respect larry
jellohellowello::wata jokester
Leinfolderholder::the bucks are pulling an andy kaufman@!@!@!@!@!
karelp::Bucks are a joke...it's a shame they have to make the playoffs.
jellohellowello::i no because they lost a game that doesnt matter lol
ballin_like_jordannn::LEBRON TWEETED ABOUT THE BUCKS. DISRESPECT TALKING ABOUT HES READY, KNOWING ITS GOING TO BE A CAKEWALK
Abomb27::At least the Bucks will get some major national tv attention by playing the Heat instead of being relegated to NBA TV.
99Joshua18::Getting embarrased on national tv is good to?
MILBREW318::Any publicity is good publicity.
KNICKS-KNICKS-KNICKS NYK::HOW ABOUT THOSE BOBCATS
soliuz2k::FEAR THE EAST AND IT"S below 500 contender
Downtimee::Celtics &gt; Knicks
Celticpride197::at least when Lebron "took his talents to southbeach" he made good on his promise for a ring still waiting on 5, 6 , 7 though  I will give carmelo credit for making the Knicks relevant again
Celticpride197::all time AND this year  Knicks are and will always be overrated because of their market
chastrio::It would help, but we apparently don't even need that.  We've been winning without.
ballin_like_jordannn::not happening. knicks just need to get there big men back
ballin_like_jordannn::never
xllChiTownSportsllx::The Celtics can and will take the Knicks out in 5-6 games.
112ESPN::The Eastern Conference is so weak. The Bucks should just enjoy that they are even in the playoffs, because there's no WAY they are getting past the Heat. Even the Celtics in my mind are lucky that they are even in.
chastrio::Sad, but true.  Maybe the East should trim down to six teams this year and just give Miami and New York a bye. Lol
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::3-11 last 14 games.  Not looking good.  But I'm still excited for the playoffs.  Go Bucks!!
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::At this point Bucks resting for the playoffs (Sanders and Jennings) and its good to get Henson his shot to prove he deserves more playing time.  Another good game by Henson.
Laoboyfresh::As a Milwaukee fan,I'm scared that see my team get demolished by the heats but at the same time ,who knows? They might win,,but then again you never know but the chances are real slim haha
Goon5832::People act like the bucks tired to win no Ellis jennings or Sanders come on common sense
TCluvcarpanthers::They tried and failed to win.
Goon5832::People act like the bucks tired to win no Ellis jennings or Sanders come on common sense
d_bokk::Ish &gt; Jennings  But still, the coach wasn't trying, the players were.
TCluvcarpanthers::Jennings isn't THAT good.
milw-jay::I doubt that there has been a worse playoff team in NBA history than the Bucks.  It is actually a joke how bad the East is that a team this lame qualifies for post season play.
korn7860::http://nbahoopsonline.com/History/Records/best8thseedrecord.htm  Bucks as of now have the 5th worst since 1983, the year the league expanded to 8 seeds.  In 1981 the 5th and 6th seed in the west were 40-42 each, and ended up playing in the Western Conference Finals.  So this is far from the worst thing you have seen, THERE WAS A 5 AND 6 SEED IN THE PLAYOFFS UNDER .500
GradeA10714::Although I think the Bucks will get swept by the Heat, once Game 1 starts these games don't matter.  The regular season means nothing as long as you get in in the NBA.
Elton7323::i dont understand ur post?
GradeA10714::Maybe you're illiterate
ballin_like_jordannn::BUCKS ARENA IS GOING TO BE FULL OF HEAT BANDWAGON FANS
MILBREW318::Isn't every arena?
Elton7323::who would want to go to Milwaukee?
chastrio::What is this "Milwaukee" you speak of?
ballin_like_jordannn::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnAu2da_ST4
GradeA10714::Good song
WhyThisKnicksTape::i was watching this game 5 video  of bucks vs hawks in 2010 playoffs  u guys have a better team now. and still cant produce.. wtf.. lol?
korn7860::Coaching is a big factor, at that time the players had bought into Skiles and his system.  Now, the players hated Skiles and turned on him, but then Boylan took over and he is Skiles 2.0, so there is still no coach to player connection going on, just kinda going through the motions.  Thanks for acknowledging we have more talent now though, many people will not admit that.
Elton7323::lol 420 quieter than mother fugger lmao.
cyclonextrem::and he made the ESPN one this month
cyclonextrem::No look at the time of the post on the thread... it is BEFORE HE MADE A PROFILE ON ESPN
Elton7323::yeah it was like 27 days ago
GradeA10714::I don't believe that thread was legit.  I think maybe someone on his boards took exception to him and set him up.
Elton7323::that person must have no life to attempt that lmao. i dont care if he is gay or not but that was funny.
The_Red Flash::Someone here espn must really hate that dude to set it up lmao
ballin_like_jordannn::LOLCATS PULL OUT THE WIN OVER A PLAYOFF TEAM  SHOCKER
Rattmausch::Bucks aren't a "playoff" team.  They're just the best of the bad teams and in the Eastern Conference.  There's so many bad teams that one of those teams are going to squeak into the playoffs.
TCluvcarpanthers::GO A'S!
420_Legendz::Bucks are afriad of no team.
The_Red Flash::Btw nothing wrong in gay dude, so don't off yourself. You like d!ck you d!ck. Just don't dress like a woman like Magic son
cyclonextrem::You gay bro?   http://bgclive.com/board/viewtopic.php?t=941131
tbone11193::lol wtf?
Buck 2013 Champs::even you can't say that with a straight face.
The_Red Flash::LMAOOOO! "420_Legendz" is a legit f@g! Wow Thanks to "cyclonextrem" for exposing him
cyclonextrem::haha no I knew it would probably be fake
cyclonextrem::copy it to computer, go to google, click on image search and then there should be camera symbol on right side of search bar where you can click and choose photo on computer
The_Red Flash::lol. d_bokk Is a funny man
d_bokk::so you were look for more pics of him?  no ho.mo?
The_Red Flash::Ha. Never knew that thanks
cyclonextrem::I searched the photo through google
The_Red Flash::How do you search a photo?
d_bokk::...but how did cyclone know it was there?
The_Red Flash::idk. But it's hilarious
GradeA10714::Biz with 13 and 17?  We need more of those type performances from him.
Rattmausch::I'm losing faith in both Milwaukee teams right now..  The Bucks are just loathing in mediocrity and people wonder why the Bucks have low attendance.  Would you want to invest money in seeing teams that don't really have a realistic shot at a championship?  That's why you see Bulls, Lakers, Knicks, Heat fans flood the Bradley Center.  They've had success and respect nationally.  It's easier to cheer for success than to cheer for the hope of success but only get failure in the end.  Whatever..  The Bucks just need to gut the entire organization or just move to Seattle.
99Joshua18::Then why do people go to bobcats games?
MILBREW318::To watch the other team.
Rattmausch::I'm a Packer fan so I'll be alright.  The Brewers and Bucks are secondary to me.  I still haven't forgave the Bucks for trading Ray Allen.
GetHype88::Or adopt an NFL team... I am at a loss for words with this franchise.
GetHype88::Wow recent losses to the garbage Timberwolves, Magic, and Bobcats... These losers are sure ready for the playoffs.... LOL, we should of had an NHL team in Wisconsin all this time. Get someone who can coach the damn team or sell this pathetic franchise.
chris johnson 558::" our playoffs will begin in the 2nd round "   -miami big three
chris johnson 558::37-43 team and making the playoffs lol we all know that either the wizards or raptors wwould have been better than the bucks
cyclonextrem::and people act like the Bucks were trying to win
cyclonextrem::Sanders, jennings, and udoh didn't play and ellis didn't play 4th quarter.....
tbone11193::udoh played
WhyThisKnicksTape::i really thought the bucks cud give the heat a challenge to drain some energy out    of them. but damn the bucks  have 0 team chemistry    worse chemistry than our 2011 playoff team
GreNa78::I'd worry about your side of the bracket instead. First you got to face Boston, then IF you get past them, then you'll either face Chicago or Indiana, and if somehow you make it past the second round (a big IF), then you'll get the ultimate reward. Facing us. ;)
420_Legendz::LMAO. When the playoffs start every team is 0-0
The Gas Can::I reckon the Heat without the big 3 could sweep the bucks...No doubt at all
VOLSch513::good I'm glad its Miami, they have a chance at history now
MILBREW318::Losing four straight playoff games by 40 plus.
GreNa78::And what would that be?
Buck 2013 Champs::Bucks will win the next 5 titles
Rattmausch::How?
Rattmausch::David Stern, ESPN, TNT, and the officials wouldn't let one happen.  Let alone 5..
d_bokk::who cares what they want, Bucks going to dominate the NBA for years to come
420_Legendz::Nah, I say 2 titles in the next 5 years lol
Elton7323::and Jennings will win 8 mvp's
d_bokk::and  DPOY
GreNa78::Meth addiction is a serious thing.
NYK2888::The Bucks are pathetic. I'd rather see the Wizards in the playoffs.  Too bad John Wall missed so many games.
420_Legendz::Headed to the playoffs. Championship is next.
