iso-joe7::Dwill, joe, and lopez are a legit "big 3" 81 points 2gether vs pacers. Watch out south Florida boyz!!!!
iso-joe7::Dwill, joe, and lopez are a legit "big 3" 81 points 2gether vs pacers. Watch out south Florida boyz!!!!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>East Finals Heat VS Nets BANK IT!</b>
iso-joe7::You moron nets can still get 3rd seed. Learn basketball
iso-joe7::You moron nets can still get 3rd seed. Learn basketball
John 3663::You moron they meet in the second round if both win their first round series
R3DV3T::Kobe needs to retire. His body is done.
kim 2331::INTPICKS did it again!!! OKC easily covered -10 and Nets won outright! Now 8-1 last 3 days!!! Cash it baby!!!! google intpicks and join the party!!!
Polyrad::SPAM
Polyrad::Nets had 4 DNP-Coachs decisions, they are already in play-off mode.
Pacersfan4ever::YeahVogel likes to play his whole bench. Hope he changes that in post season.
Pacersfan4ever::Glad Pacers are done with playong good point guards. Hill and co. Have struggled recently. Time to get Paul George back on track as well. Good game Nets. Good luck in the Playoffs
Abomb27::Nets could take the 3rd seed if they win these next 3 games which are all against lottery teams. Pacers got Knicks and Celtics on the road for the next 2.
rayrayog11::bet that the bulls beat the nets in 6....williams is soooo over rated.....was 100 times better on utah but didnt want to listen to Sloan
Porkchop8920::lol good joke. The D-Will of the past 2 months is better than the one from Utah.
Chi_Town_Everything::The Nets might wanna take it easy  the next few games.  I'm sure they rather face ATL in the first round than Chicago.  They have the home court wrapped up for the first round.  Probably should just rest their guys for the last few games.
alexhernandezh::The Heat may end up going to NY for 6 away games.  Can they actually handle NY fans that long?
alexhernandezh::Good win for the Nets.  Good season all together.  You have definitely helped us over here in Manhattan, so appreciate it!  Wish you all the luck in the playoffs.  We New Yorkers have two chances at a championship as does Los Angeles, but I like our odds better.
Stone_Cold96::Whoo, great win by the Nets tonights. They play like this and they can actually make a run in the playoffs.
Bumslayer86::U Pacers ready for the Bulls in the 1st round ?
Green Power Juice::HOORAY THE END  :)   YOU HAVE JUST LEARNED THE ABC"S :)
Rezo201::You messed up won't, you said want. You were close.
Green Power Juice::ME
Green Power Juice::WITH
Green Power Juice::SING
Green Power Juice::YOU
Green Power Juice::WANT
Mets2410::*won't. idiot.
Green Power Juice::TIME
Green Power Juice::NEXT
Green Power Juice::ABC"S
Green Power Juice::MY
Green Power Juice::KNOW
Green Power Juice::I
Green Power Juice::NOW
Green Power Juice::Z
Green Power Juice::&amp;
Green Power Juice::Y
Green Power Juice::X
Green Power Juice::W
Green Power Juice::V
Green Power Juice::U
Green Power Juice::T
Green Power Juice::S
Green Power Juice::R
Green Power Juice::Q
Green Power Juice::P
Green Power Juice::O
Green Power Juice::N
Green Power Juice::M
Green Power Juice::L
Green Power Juice::K
Green Power Juice::J
Green Power Juice::I
Green Power Juice::H
Green Power Juice::G
Green Power Juice::F
Green Power Juice::E
