1ricco123456789::kobe kobe kobe doing his thing
OJKobeBradySabanPacquio::Kobe's the man
jcmaggi::Here it is haters, straight from the horses mouth:  http://www.lakersnation.com/lakers-news-michael-jordan-says-kobe-deserves-comparisons/2012/01/17/
1ricco123456789::kobe-jordan-last in the nba lebron
McSorlee::Welp, that's it then. Kobe &gt; Lebron. Guess we can all move on now. Sorry haters.
dodgertodd88::I bad-mouthed Fisher all night, and then he pulled that off.
twentyanite::good to see them get a win when the game is ugly. sign of a good team. defensively the lakers are playing well. to hold a dallas team with great jump shooters in the low 70's was pretty impressive. however we look really bad on offense. kob was off and it trickled down. gotta get more consistency on offense.
IBleedGarnetandGold15::Kobe haters are funny. They sit quietly waiting for that moment to come out. Oh yeah, thats where the term troll comes from.
twentyanite::where were you 4 games ago when kob avg 40 while shooting over 50%. quit picking your spots to show up .
Clipshow07::Mike Brown = seems like a nice guy but not that good of a coach (see our coach Vinny the Skinny). Jason KapoNO = the more minutes this guy sees, the more it shows just how bad the Lakes have gotten. This guy is worthless!!!
conlevis2::Kapono is a stiff  Signed, Sixers fans
Clipshow07::Matt Barnes = I love when you Laker fans spout Griffin being a thug. Barnes in a world class, wanna be tatted out gangster thug who is the dirtiest cheap shot in the game! McBob = his hustle and scrappiness will NEVER outdo his sheer talent as a Hackjob!
dodgertodd88::Good for the Clippers. When you hang a banner, we'll talk.  You ought to want the team to move to Anaheim and get its own arena.
Clipshow07::For sure, Anaheim would be a great move.....sounds like your're talking now though....talking about the past, which is all Laker fans can do lately.
This is Los Angeles::Clippers fans are pathetic. Your franchise is absolute garbage. lol
Clipshow07::No quite as pathetic as how insecure and skittish you guys are now that we currently are the better team. You arrogant morons can't handle the fact that the Clips have ran you 3 games in a row now. HAAA!!
Broken Sports::Pau Gasol Sends Kobe Bryant Friend Requests For Ninth Consecutive Day - http://brokensports.com/2012/01/09/pau-gasol-sends-kobe-bryant-friend-requests-for-ninth-consecutive-day/
antistratfordian::On Oct. 2 2010, 79% of NBA GMs picked Kobe for last-second shot... On Jan. 18 2012 only 48% pick Kobe...  Seems like GMs are finally getting smart.  Henry Abbott is converting them.  Slowly but surely.
2kobeisgood4::i feel much better now it those two who haven't done much
2kobeisgood4::so who do they want taking the last shot and what have he done
super red espresso snowflake::Kobe is an OVERRATED CLOSER!!!!!  GMs ARE FINALLY REALIZING THIS!!!!
Clipshow07::Lakers current roster: Kobe = still the best player in NBA even though he ball hogs and is very arroant Gasoft = too soft, his brother Mark is now better Bynum = really good but still too mentally immature (see Prince James) Fisher = love him but his days are numbered (nice shot last night!) Ron Ron = $@%! $@%!
2bmeizez::WE WON CAUSE IT WAS DALLAS. WHEN KOBE DOESN'T KEEP HIMSELF IN THE FLOW YOU GET GARBAGE OUT OF THE LAKERS. THE MAVS DOUBLED HARD AND MADE DREW PASS OUT OF THE POST. I HOPE HE LEARNS TO PASS OUT OF DOUBLES AND REPOST IT'LL MAKES HIM MORE OF A WEAPON. AS FOR FISH THAT'S WHY I NEVER TALK THAT WE NEED A PG BULLS**T CAUSE HE'S MR.RELIABLE. HE'S OLD BUT HE MAKES GOOD DECISIONS AND ONE OF THE ONLY GUYS KOBE TRUSTS. NOW I WON'T ARGUE WITH A YOUNG EXPERIENCED PG AS A BACKUP. AS FAR AS GASOL .... I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY SMH HORRIBLE. OH AND SHOUTS TO MATT BARNES TONIGHT!!
andylee96706::This game was ugly but i will say the Lakers D is improved under Mike Brown but the Offense took a hit since there is no triangle. The mavs D is weaker without Chandler and stevenson but Ian Mahinmi holds his own and does a pretty good job. I say it not only was a bad shooting night but also the D was improved. It just goes to show how important offseason training is to keeping their shot consistent.
andylee96706::Also, the Lakers are known to have more than one clutch game winning shooters. Fisher and Kobe are both capable but I honestly would take Fisher for the game winner if its a 3 and kobe if it's in the paint
xmanfolife::Technically the Mavs are older than the Lakers......Mavs are done if Vince Carter is the go to guy....
chadridgeway::Vince is getting hurt now on non-contact plays
abenezer44::if this rumor of blake griffin for dwight howard comes to be true, the clippers are winning the west
xmanfolife::Only on Playstation@
24wildhunter::i hope 3way trade: gasol in clippers, howard in la lakers and griffin in orlando!
24wildhunter::Coach Brown should review or study the game plan of la lakers1999  2002 and adapt it!  the la lakers is unbeatable! the success is not from kobe and shaq alone! I think the outside shooting of the lakers ( horry, rice fox and fisher) IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE 3 PEAT TITTLE!
tbone070202::neither team looked good at all but gotta hand it to d fish for coming through in the clutch.....
18BCRaider::ugly game, but dfish came thru as usual, 'that's what i do'. now if we could only dip his legs in the fountain of youth!
chadridgeway::Lakers get 2 days off for the first time this season... they can get some rest and a practice in, beware Miami!
Art_Lucy::Nobody is comparing Fish to Robert Horry.  But as long as Fish keeps hitting those clutch shots, nobody cares if he sucks the rest of the game.  They've got that in common.
mark35345::In the playoffs, The Mavericks would have had a 20 point lead with JJ Barrea exposing Fisher's lack of speed. So now the Mavericks have slowed down the the Lakers' pace. Big mistake. In the playoffs, both these teams will simply get run off the court.
24wildhunter::Gasol just showed his softer side last year!
mark35345::Gasol didn't get a foul call at all last year in the playoffs - and don't look for him to get many this year either. Besides, Gasol is not a clutch free throw shooter.
BayAreaZ::I don't know, that Lakers 8 on 5 fast break can be hard to stop in the playoffs...
FTLakerFan::so who would you want taking your last shot for the win in the finals, LeBron or Fish????    I'll take Fish when it counts every day of the week, LeBron can only produce when it doesn't matter
24wildhunter::regardless what lebron accomplish from now on, he is always known as THE FROZEN ONE or THE FAMOUS SIDEKICK!
Allen6338::more likely the choker
slick0816::gotta love the haters. When Kobe has a bad shooting night....which virtually every player on the floor had last night...the haters are here. Of course the fact that he beat the double team and delivered the game winning assist is ignored.  Or the fact that the "over the hill" Kobe is in better shape than most of the young guys in the league ( is that you Chris Paul? might want to lay off those burgers)  The guy had just put up 4 straight games of 40+ points while shooting over 50 percent from the floor  on a team that has played more games than an other team in the league since the start of the season.
BayAreaZ::You make some decent points, but take the refs out of Kobe's pocket and he'd rarely reach 30, let alone 40...  He's lost a step and keeps gunning whether the shots are falling or not...he's clearly out for some personal glory this year knowing the team doesn't really have a chance at the title...
24wildhunter::Darius Morris NO OFFENSE NO DEFENSE uselessssss!
18BCRaider::He'll be alright, he got bad advice though, should've stayed @ UM one more year.
slick0816::Morris can play. He is just trying to hard. Passed up open shots last night to dribble into traffic. Kid just need to slow his roll a bit and let the game come to him. He'll be fine with some experience just not ready yet.
boom.shaka::And people wonder why Fish is still around?  I'm not mad at Morris, but he needs a year in the D-League.  Once Blake comes back they should send him down.
boom.shaka::You know the Lakers are down because they're not getting nearly as many trolls as they used to.  Back in the day, we had the best in the league...now all we get is "Kobrick wouldn't cheer McDonald's" or some other nonsense.  It's making me miss @Heatster.  Oh well, I guess it's time to rebuild - we all knew it couldn't last forever.
BayAreaZ::I'm here now fellas! And your team stinks to high heaven...  Take the refs and league backing away and this is no 10-5 team...more like 7-8 or worse...
Zonker40::Oh, they show up in droves after a loss...
Get_A_Life24::just no creativity out of these guys anymore..
Qzhoopin72::I'm out...don't worry about sending me any tuition fees Ball-aholic....I teach for FREE!!!
2kobeisgood4::The haters have woken up from their drug taking party
tech_alum_2010::Im a Mavs fan but I wanna say good job to the Lakers. Both teams looked terrible but Lakers scored when it mattered. Only good sign was that the Mavs contained Kobe. Either way congrats
tech_alum_2010::well stopping Kobe wont matter if Terry Kidd Marion And Dirk cant shoot better than that. I can understand 1 having a bad night but not the whole team
boom.shaka::Unfortunately, I think the aggressive post-strike schedule means we'll see more ugly games like this.  Things probably won't settle down until mid-February/early-March.
boom.shaka::Jason Terry is turning into the Kobe stopper -- Kobe hasn't been able to dominate him for quite some time now.
Qzhoopin72::Good post. Very ugly game, but a win is a win!!
the_alba_bang::Is Bynum up on the rebounding stat leaders yet? C'mon ESPN, get your ish together...
jcmaggi::Yea he's on there
Ball-aholic::The most telling moment of the game - Josh McDonalds (because his game is like a cheap burger) catches a reverse lob and EVEYRONE on the Laker bench gets up to celebrate except ONE player - yup, you guessed it, KOBRICK greatest teammate you could ever ask for.  Back to Kobrick &amp;Faker reality - 7 for 22 - coming right at you!
NICOYEE30::thats a fat lie cause i was watching the game and EVERYONE on the bench stood up. why lie?
Qzhoopin72::Like I said...of all the Lakers "problems" this year, Kobe's shooting may be 5th or 6th down the list. My bigger concerns are Gasol's decline, Fisher's decline, Metta's total worthless play, and lack of proven depth at the guard position....and team speed
Get_A_Life24::You are making yourself sound so dumb right now... Head back to the Heat forum.
Qzhoopin72::More than just having a bad game, ball-aholic talks as if Kobe's had a bad CAREER!! The guy is a 5-time champion, heading soon into the top 5 all-time scorers....yes that matter as a SHOOTING GUARD just as much as assists matter for a POINT GUARD or rebounds for a center or power forward.  WTF is a SHOOTING GUARD supposed to do??? Lead the league in blocked shots???
jcmaggi::Reggie Miller was basically slobbering over Kobe on the broadcast....but let me guess, all these great plaeyrs don't know what they're talking about because they all have agendas and you're the only one qualified to give an objective assessment of Kobe's career right?
Ball-aholic::And? Shaq also said Bynum is better than Howard. That doesn't sound like jealousy or hate at all does it?
Ball-aholic::Join me in the present tense. Save the "career" conversation excuse for the kids.
jcmaggi::It's funny how the haters ignore the 3 shots Kobe is forced to take because he gets the ball back with 2 seconds left on the shot clock and has to heave one up.....that's him being selfish.
Get_A_Life24::Dude sounds like a mad Mavs fan... Everyone has bad games... he just couldnt get into a rhythm.  If YOU knew anything about organized ball you would know that... like i said go hate somewhere else stubs
Qzhoopin72::Kidd shoots 1-9 (LOSS)...Terry shoots 3-10 (LOSS)....Odom shoots 4-12 (LOSS)....but Kobe shoots 7-22 with 7 assists, including the game-winning decision, and all you Kobe haters focus on is his shooting stats??? How very petty!!! Whether he's a "petulent child" or a "bad teammate" or whatever...who cares???? The guy is a proven winner at his sport!! This ain't the Cub Scouts or Sunday School class...so if he's not "Mr. Nice Guy" we really don't care!
Ball-aholic::and? Most coaches have no idea how to coach. What's your point my dude? If Bynum quits it will be the result of playing with a SELFISH guard who prefers his personal accomplishments as opposed to taking advantage of the size the Fakers have.  You sound like an excellent coach - champion selfishness and blame a teammate fed up with working for position only to watch jump shots sail over his head.  Keep the fact that you're a coach to yourself.
2kobeisgood4::What NBA team you play for again, i remember in the Bulls days Rodman couldn't shoot but the man could rebound like no other just because you play the game doesn't mean you know anything more than anyone else especially someone name Kobe
Qzhoopin72::I don't realistically expect the Lakers to win the title EVERY YEAR. ANd if they don't win it this year, there's several more glaring weak spots to deal with than Kobe's shooting. If you don't like him, that's cool...I get that, but to discredit his game is plain stupid. I'm more concerned about Gasol's soft play, and Fisher's decline (great shot last night though) and Metta being totally useless.  If Bynum "quits" that will only prove what a weak-minded player he must be. As far as playing ball....I've played ball AND coached b-ball, with a few of the guys I've coached in the past playing in the NBA RIGHT NOW!!
Ball-aholic::Spoken like a fan who lives in the land of denial and excuses. As I said, only people who understand or those who have played hoop can appreicate the analysis and know how one guy can rote a team slowly by the way he approaches the game. If you're already shooting 50% of the teams shots and you don't reward your teammates in moments of success - they see it and they respond accordingly.  This team is headed for a first round exit. Bynum will quit playing right after the All-Star game. You heard it here first.
Ball-aholic::If Kobrick ran over your moms, you clowns would make an excuse. This dude is selfish to his core, period. If it ain't about him, he could give a d.a.m.n. period. and clearly none of you clowns have ever played organized hoop.  Kobrick is a petulent child who would never reward the positive play of a teammate unless he's directly involved. Self grandizing is the only way he knows how to exist.   He's also a walking turnover and a HORRIBLE defender. How many times did he freeze and watch his jumpers clank off of the front of the rim while his man sprints back for layup? How many times has it happened over the last 2 seasons? You couldn't count because it's endless.  Goes hard on offense though huh? haaaaa! The truth is right in front of you.
boom.shaka::I hate selfish players.  Regards, MJ
Get_A_Life24::actually if you watched the game.. you would have seen that only fischer got off the bench... the rest merely raised their arms... nice try tho.. go hate somewhere else clown.
BlkMexMamba2.0::You're judging the guy who didnt jump off the bench when his teammate dunked it?...the same teammate he see everyday... the same dunk hes seen 15tims in the last 16 yrs he's been in the NBA.... yea, horrible teammate
Qzhoopin72::Am I reading the game recap wrong....or did the Lakers WIN THE GAME last night?? I wasn't into all the body language &amp; individual stats....just the bottom line.
jcmaggi::anybody else find it funny that Shaq seems to be in better shape now that he's an analyst than he was coming in to camp with the Lakers?
BlkMexMamba2.0::Not really.. Shaq was beastin for us.. didnt really care how big he was lol
mystik-eye::Time for cigs and coffee talk to ya later Laker bro's
BlkMexMamba2.0::nice..peace! Stop smoking, its bad for you!
_mongo_slade_::Pau didn't have a good shooting game, but his defense on Dirk was pretty good. Much better than in the playoffs, but that ain't saying much.
ACandOJ::He has to make Dirk work harder on defense....
BlkMexMamba2.0::If we meet them in the playoffs, Pau needs to focus on playing good defense on him and thats it.
jjoripzone::That was one ugly game.
jjoripzone::True dat.  Just seems like the Lake Show looks out of sorts on the court.  Love how the crowd always does a collective groan when Metta World Peace has the ball.
BlkMexMamba2.0::lol i know im doin it at home when im watching lol . They do look outta sort, but bascally a new team, not a lot of practice and a brand new offense going through Kobe.. we'll be straight
BlkMexMamba2.0::Yeah but the "w" on our record looks Beautiful!
Qzhoopin72::Props to Lakers crowd and Celtics crowd for the way they cheered Odom &amp; Perkins returns
Qzhoopin72::Shaq deserved to get booed back then, cause he bad-mouthed the city of LA on his way out the door. It would be no problem if he hated Kobe &amp; Dr. Buss....that's the biz....but when he talked about the city &amp; fans, all bets were off!  He cleaned it up later...
jcmaggi::Shaq caught the worst of it early on.
boom.shaka::I think that had a lot to do with him calling LA fans "fake" -- and even still there were a lot of cheers to counter those boos....it wasn't like the entire crowd was riding him.
mystik-eye::Shaq deserved it though he showed up year after year outta shape
_mongo_slade_::Deservedly so. Kobe probably would've caught hell if he left back in 07.
mystik-eye::Yeah that was cool last nite.I'll even forgive the celtic comparisan
boom.shaka::I've been going to Lakers games since 1977 and I honestly don't recall ever hearing a former player booed.  I could be wrong, but I can't really think of any time it's happend.
mintzerkj4eva::Nice talking to ya Laker fans  See y'll Thursday and take it easy  Peace Out
BlkMexMamba2.0::Peace easy!!
jcmaggi::I'd be more upset of the fact that Lakers gave up 11 offensive boards, but then I see that Dallas had 52 bricks.
_mongo_slade_::Yep. Second game in a row where they've been outrebounded. Not sure what it means, but hopefully Brown is on top of it.
_mongo_slade_::"We can win ugly games, we can win pretty games, we can win high-tempo games. However you want to bring it, we can get down that way."
_mongo_slade_::I love when the Lakers win these kinda games. Good teams can still pull games out even when they aren't at their best. With this defense, the Lakers will always be able to keep games close.
jcmaggi::well said.
jcmaggi::As per usual.
mystik-eye::Mongo running the board early today!!!
BlkMexMamba2.0::GOTTA GET IT IN BEFORE LUNCH
swaggamento916::y did kobe pass it to fisher i wanted to see him shoot it he was shy all game not the kobe we been seeing lately
boom.shaka::The Kobe we've seen lately is actually above his career assists per game average, so I suspect you have really seen him lately.
_mongo_slade_::"FISHYRIM!!"
jcmaggi::Cause, at some point they have to get the other guys in a rhythm. Kobe can't shoot the ball 30 times a game all season and expect the Lakers to be successful. They have all-stars on the team (Gasol and Bynum--should make it based on voting), they need to get them some looks.
2kobeisgood4::Why did they use to call Gasol the best point PF in the game man they must of hated Kobe
boom.shaka::Is Aldredge a C or PF?  I put him light years ahead of Gasol right now.
Qzhoopin72::Right now, Gasol doesn't deserve to be an all-star...he's not THAT automatic, and his game still looks sluggish. IMO, he's 3rd (at best) in the West behind Griffin and K Love as PF's go.
Qzhoopin72::Kobe made the right decision. It's not just about automatically gunning up a shot just cause you're the "closer". That was an obvious good decision he made to a reliable veteran who had delivered in the clutch many times before.
jcmaggi::When did Lakers v. Mavs become the 2008 Celtics v. Bad Boy Pistons?
-whoa-::when our 3rd best player goes 3 for 11 nightly then its gonna be hard to score but when kobe shoots 30 times a game hes a ball hog so idk
Qzhoopin72::Sometimes you gotta win ugly....the shots don't always fall.  I'll take an ugly 73-70 win over a beautiful uptempo 115-114 loss!!
jcmaggi::I'm not knockin it, but that's a lot of pressure to put on your D on a nightly basis (playing awesome D saps alot of energy), it would be nice if the Lakers could afford to have some mental breakdowns on D because they're scoring. That's all.
mystik-eye::Pau needs to get more inside shots.That 3pointer the other nite got him thinkin he's a jump shooter now.
jcmaggi::Yea, it's embarrassing that he can't make Dirk work more on defense from the low block. He did guard Dirk very well. I really liked that he didn't bite on the pump fakes and kept his feet.
jcmaggi::Lakers gotta figure out this offense ish out, I mean they're one of the best defensive teams in the league but it would be nice if they could score some too.
mystik-eye::Since Drew put that closeline on JJ!
mintzerkj4eva::Yes Thursday will be very interesting, Laker fans.
mintzerkj4eva::Too many people confuse killer instinct with clutch too.   Clutch is how well a player converts in closing minutes. Killer instinct refers to the willingness to take the shot.   If you actually went by how much people made their shots in closing minutes their would be barely any clutch players.
boom.shaka::Haha...you guys are trying to make sense of something that is fundamentally non-sensical (is that a word?).  Kobe doesn't pass so he's "selfish" to haters or has a "killer instinct" to fans.  Lebron passes so he's a "team player" to fans and a "choker" to haters.  There is no rhyme or reason to it -- it's fandumb, err...."fandom"
mintzerkj4eva::Kobe is my second favorite player to watch dude
boom.shaka::You don't strike me as a Kobe hater but I could be wrong...
mintzerkj4eva::obviously James doesn't show the level of killer instinct Kobe does. I was just point out that they go together. But they are different things.
mintzerkj4eva::sadly till he shows other wise
BlkMexMamba2.0::a choke
BlkMexMamba2.0::I feel you. Not saying your wrong, jus lebron isnt what people think he is
BlkMexMamba2.0::If you didnt have a killer instinct the is no way of you becoming clutch.. you gotta want to take the last shot... Lebron doesnt want too.. and you can tell.   i.e..... Lebron is not clutch..
mintzerkj4eva::just look at the play by play in the box score of the game. You will see
-whoa-::definitely Lebron lol i watched that
mintzerkj4eva::No you didn't remember correctly that was Wade
mintzerkj4eva::and you are not referring to when James was doubled in their last game versus the Clippers, leading to a 3 by Rio?
BlkMexMamba2.0::We have no shooters, so Kobe has to shoot it.. plus we all know he will, and if he misses, he knows LA is gonna be pissed.. but he doesnt care.. a risk the BEST PLAYER will take to win a game...
-whoa-::no sir he got double teamed, right move fisher pulled the trigger too early tho if he had missed the mavs woulda had the final shot at it
-whoa-::hahaaa i cant wait til thursday
BlkMexMamba2.0::lol .... theres that IQ were chattin about earlier
-whoa-::and he DISHES it to CHALMERS?
-whoa-::lebron lacks a killer instinct and clutch whereas kobe has that killer instinct hence the name black mamba assassin, and he converts clutch
swaggamento916::the best thing lebron ever did was take sorry $@% cleveland to the finals that team is so trash he really hooped to get em there but anything from that point on is a failure
mintzerkj4eva::lol Im sure going to college has nothing to do with how Lebron plays now.   I recall Kobe coming out of high school him self
RonTuna::Yep they said the other night, Kobe was signed at age 15, then after high school traded to the Lakers so at 33 he's spent half his life almost as a Laker! Some feat!
BlkMexMamba2.0::lol
jcmaggi::Yea, Kobe was drafted when he was 17 and turned 18 as he started his 1st NBA season. 15? WTF is this.........soccer?
BlkMexMamba2.0::kobe was 17 and like 300 days when he was drafted with the Hornets.. then traded to the lakers for Divac within 30mins
BlkMexMamba2.0::yeah but kobe's IQ is 10x's better than Lebron
BlkMexMamba2.0::huh
mintzerkj4eva::They both by many have been known for their high basketball IQ's. You don't have to stretch things.
BlkMexMamba2.0::the word clutch is being over used...  MJ ..Kobe.. These guys want the last shot hit or miss...if they make it.. CLUTCH!!!  Lebron...doesnt want the ball at all... if he makes it......LUCKY
mintzerkj4eva::clutch and choke are overused.
BlkMexMamba2.0::agreed^  Choke is good fit for lebron tho.. not tryin to hate.. Just really i does fit
RonTuna::LeFool is a sissie and won't go to the rim unless he has a 10 foot wide lane, even if he does get the ball....LOL
BlkMexMamba2.0::eh.. idk.. ive seen him bam on alot of guys lol
BlkMexMamba2.0::Ill give Lebron credit for one thing ..... I do respect that he averages like 29pts only playin 3Q's at a time...
RonTuna::HA yeah LeFool still chasing the NBA SCORING LEADER....Old Kobe.....lmao
-whoa-::i think Kobe has 30 game winning shots and lebron has 6 im pretty sure LOL, whereas Kobe had 6 in one season alone in 2009
mintzerkj4eva::If you didn't watch the NBA for yourself you would really think James hasn't had one clutch moment in his whole career.
-whoa-::if u think lebron is clutch u are out of ur mind the guy is scared to take over in the 4th quarter he takes like 2 shots at the most, whens the last time he even took a game winning shot let alone make it
mintzerkj4eva::I get it. He is clutch when he makes clutch shots, and is not when he doesn't. Same story with everyone.
swaggamento916::lebron should have went to college he would b clutch by now
ACandOJ::He has a few but its hard to remember them b/c when he flames out....he really flames out.  He just shuts down now in the 4th qtr....if he is doing that in the regular season, what is he going to do in the playoffs??
-whoa-::give it to Wade lol thats why he came to Miami
swaggamento916::yea give dreeick rose bosh and wade and we all know what would happen
-whoa-::the only 1 remember was the Orlando one which was luckiest shot i ever seen
mintzerkj4eva::obviously he has to get over that hurtle
swaggamento916::he is a huge looser though he known for losing he is 0-2 in the finals whats clucth about him the pressure snaps lebron everytime he breaks they last to the mavs bro the average plaers on there team is a grandpa already
mintzerkj4eva::he has huge clutch threes
-whoa-::he didnt hit a game winner in any of those games
BlkMexMamba2.0::same here
x_3_9::These teams are so old, you can dig up dinosaur bones from the court after the game.
RonTuna::You mean the Celtics???
NBASantas::The Mavs looked ugly. They used to look beautiful: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/where-is-santas-style.html
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::It was pretty competitive all game long with neither team showing their 'A' game. Back and fourth, and a quarter for each team where they dominated the other.
RonTuna::OLD MAN RIVER AND OLD KOBE, WITH MORE CHAMPIONSHIP RINGS THAN THE MAVS WILL EVER WIN, GO CLUTCH AND WIN SENDING JACK NICHOLSON SMILING AND MARK CUBAN REELING INTO THE LA NIGHT!!
RonTuna::we don't get Wiz games out west...lol
RonTuna::NO I DID IT ON PURPOSE BECAUSE DALLAS FANS ARE DEAF AND DUMB
ACandOJ::Damn....but Wiz fans like to get high.  So they have an excuse....you have to be high to watch a Wiz game.
BlkMexMamba2.0::LMAO
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::ONCE AGAIN, YOU FORGOT TO PRESS "CAPS LOCK". IT'S JUST LEFT OF YOUR 'A' BUTTON.
BlkMexMamba2.0::Oh its every team.. i saw a wizard fan on here talkin sh**... he should be the last one talkin
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::With recent success comes the wagon. I like flying under the radar, but it's hard to do that when your owner is Mark Cuban.
ACandOJ::I was shocked to see how many of these fans the Mavs had yesterday.  Always thought of them as good fanbase...
BlkMexMamba2.0::Every team has these fans^^... id like to apologize for this... we're soo embarressed
