I Will Be Victorious::The last comment belongs to me.
lakirz rock::When is the last time kobe's name did not make the headline of an ESPN article concerning the lakers? he did not even play and yet he makes the headline.  Guess what?  Gasol did not play either, but he got no mention.  ESPN needs to get over the infatuation with all things kobe.  He's overrated and overhyped.
Scottpilgrim32::Robert Morris &gt; Lakers
I hate Jerry Jones::"We don't want to face the Lakers in the playoffs, that's for sure."  --said no team in the league
MTorres727@gmail.com::wat bout da bubkats.dey r very gut.
Scottpilgrim32::Kobe the quitter bryant   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGoxIvuPtmo
I hate Jerry Jones::Classic!
Mambaholic 33::I remember that...LMAO!!!
Scottpilgrim32::"Hah that dude from Liberty didn't even look to pass to his teammates or use his final timeout and just bricked the game winning layup to lose the game. What a scrub"  Kobe
Mambaholic 33::Lebron took Mike Brown to the NBA finials!  Kobrick took Mike Brown to the unenployment line!
Mambaholic 33::Mike Brown surely appreciated the accomplishment
Mambaholic 33::Thanks bro! just had to turn the tv on
rex_coach::<b>excellent research dude</b>
rex_coach::<b>A failure is an accomplishment when putting down Kobe.  That guy must be some kind of big deal</b>
Mambaholic 33::Lebron makes Boshmallow an All-Star  Kobrick Turns the Best Center in BB into yesterdays news
berdosux::Was Bosh not an All star before the Heat?
MRcantholdmedown::Still wrong though, he was an All-star from 2006 to 2010 with the Raptors.
Mambaholic 33::Let see? He's easily one worst rebounded centers in league. Can't finish inside, Can't defend, drops passes every gm. and has no post gm....Quit the All star!!
berdosux::I totally called this.  Still didnt think it would be as ugly as it was, Lakers looked tired but that no excuse for that kind of play.  Thank god they have some days to rest and come back and get ready for the playoff push
Scottpilgrim32::Good thing Kobe didn't play or the Lakers would've lost by 36
I hate Jerry Jones::D12 is such a bust...it couldn't have happened to a better team....  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Scottpilgrim32::"Only real championship teams lose to the last place suns twice in a season. Especially getting blown out by 23"  Delusional Laker fans
I hate Jerry Jones::So true.
I hate Jerry Jones::is there anything more entertaining than Lakers boards this season?  I am so enjoying this complete failure...BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
berdosux::Its almost as good as the last couploe years on the Cowgirls board
I hate Jerry Jones::Agreed..the Cowboys are ALMOST as much of a joke as the Lakers...almost.
rex_coach::<b>haters are so smart...</b>
I hate Jerry Jones::BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  What an INCREDIBLE joke the Lakers be!
Emil4617::and the fans are the comedians trying to lift them up.....
Black Joe24::Brick mamba will be back to continue the losing streak
Mambaholic 33::*Mambaholic
L.A Fakers::Lakers lost all legitimacy with that loss. And they no longer control a board for any game unless they play the only worse team than they are, the bobcats.
Scottpilgrim32::With all those bricks the lakers were jacking in the 4th, Kobe would be proud
rex_coach::<b>He's proud that you guys ride his jock endlessly...</b>
Scottpilgrim32::"Lakers are so trash"  Garbage
LakersAtSonics1995::Wow.  Good one.
rex_coach::<b>I see the brilliant haters are still here...  They hate the lakers, yet they are here faster than Laker fans...  I'm telling you this are some cutting edge geniuses in our midst...  fact</b>
I hate Jerry Jones::it's a joy to point out how utterly WORTHLESS the Lakers are!  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
vman606::when the lakers lose, they suck. when the lakers win, the refs fixed it for them. any questions?
rex_coach::<b>lol</b>
lakersfann1990::This "BigBlack_1984" is a moron his screen name sunday was  "BigBlack_1986" get a life stop wasting your time trolling laker boards making 20 different accounts.
lakersfann1990::On the internet he calls himself "BigBlack" .    In the sheets his boyfriend calls him  "Small Black".
Steve91406::And he gets mad easily, and like to talk about men's genital parts.
lakersfann1990::Steve91406-  Yes, we can, and you will find out.  Dont pay him no mind we have teams that have basically choked  houston has lost to the wizards and bucks.   The jazz they just suck.
lakersfann1990::BigBlack_1984  -  Are you angry because you have a small dick?    they have pills for that  You must have a sad life  your screen name on sunday was  "BigBlack_1986   so you created a new account today to come and troll again.   P.S.  why are you worried about a guys dick faggo*t
pdiddy0622::Steve91406 - Worried? Not like the Miami heat haven't lost to the Washington Wizards (Generals).  Heat can afford to lose a game here n there, LA? Not so much.
Steve91406::Yes, we can, and you will find out.
BigBlack_1984::HEY, WHY AREN'T THE LAKERS ON ESPN HEADLINES TODAY?  OH, CAUSE THEY LOST TO A CRAP TEAM.    HAHAHAHAHAHA
ComeOnMan59::Lakers will continue to have an easy schedule and get into the Playoffs.  An objective fan would see that regardless of who they play (SA or OKC), they will be one and done.  No bench, no D and slow....you can get by the sub .500 teams and an ocassional playoff team, but not enough to win a series.
BigBlack_1984::Boston 17 Los Angeles 11
Steve91406::Haha, you mad, started to talk about my private parts, you are $@%! man, but keep on getting mad though, good for u.
BigBlack_1984::Are you angry because you have a small dick?  they have pills for that
Steve91406::Only pathetic person like you ask other people to give up on their team, and think they can be successful, who should give up here? You don't deserve to live as a human being tool.
BigBlack_1984::Only Pathetic fans attempt to steal championships from other cities.  Give it up
Steve91406::BigBlack_1984 - Boston 17 Los Angeles 11  Lakers 16 Celtics 17  Don't confuse us with clippers, and you can go f yourself as well for being a B*.
Steve91406::No body uses one and done for playoff series, only losers like you count how many playoff series wins and think it's an accomplishment, for Lakers it's Championship or bust, we don't count how many series we won, what's the difference between out in the first round or the second, oh wait, it means a lot for your pathetic team. Now go f yourself.
Steve91406::If you got nothing else to say, just shut up and get out of this board which doesn't belong to fans like you anyways.
ComeOnMan59::What are you talking about?  You have made my point though how stupid laker fans are...come join us in 2013, won't you.  Who gives a rats a8s about the past for these playoffs.  Magic, Kareem and the rest are not coming back dipstick....enjoy the playoffs but be sure to plan something after the first round to fill you tv watching.  now go give the computer back to mommy and take a nap.
youngly21::Guess that means its a bust year and you know it
ComeOnMan59::one and done is one series and over.  really?  are you that stupid?
Steve91406::You don't even know what is one and done mean, the Mavs are one and done, the Lakers are 16 and not yet done, that's why you are here talking trash.
lakersfann1990::2013  c63AMG-  Lakers have been using the "back to back" excuse all season..You got blown out by one if the worst teams in the league..You should be worried  Why would I be worried about one game ?
I hate Jerry Jones::D12 is such a bust...it couldn't have happened to a better team....
2013 C63AMG::D12's attitude is garbage..laughing after getting ball stripped and bricking shots..Your team is 1-12 against top 4 teams in west
2013 C63AMG::I haven't watched a Laker game this year and have said to myself, "This team is clearly better than their opponent"
pdiddy0622::Wow, Phoenix is either an elite team, OR The lakers r not as good as LALA land hypes them up to be.
Steve91406::Worried? Not like the Miami heat haven't lost to the Washington Wizards (Generals).
2013 C63AMG::Lakers have been using the "back to back" excuse all season..You got blown out by one if the worst teams in the league..You should be worried
lakersfann1990::The miami game was rigged and the suns got lucky.
richbasa::Yeah Lebon's game winning jump shot was rigged
lakersfann1990::Phoenix got lucky.
pdiddy0622::Ur better off with da bak to bak excuse. Miami got LUCKY. Lakers got scrubbed
lakersfann1990::You dont see us complaining when half the shots lebron takes come off traveling violations and the refs ignore it.
2013 C63AMG::Put down the Phil Jackson peyote
lakersfann1990::ElvinHayesrules-   Kobe took as many FTs as the entire Raptor team when LA played them.    You can't explain why the other teams take NO FTs against Lakers aside from game-fixing.    In the last three games alone there was a team only taking 8 FTs against LA and another only taking 9. This ONLY happens against the Lakers, and it clearly looks like games are being fixed.  THE RAPTORS DIDNT HAVE A CHOICE not many people can stop kobe bryant teams cant help but foul the man is to good when hes on beast mode.    And the lakers have shown they can play defense  did you not see when they faced the pelicans they went on a 20-0 run to end the game pelicans didnt score for 9 minutes do your research.
Inconvenient Truth::the heat have the best record in the nba, the nba is fixing games clearly!!!
Inconvenient Truth::In the NBA we have a team with the MOST fts taken and the LEAST. Its how things go. its math. its simple. But nooo it MUST be because the nba is fixing games...lmao yeeeesh
ElvinHayesRules::Funny to see the NBA scrambling to fix games to help Lakers make the postseason.  Kobe takes as many FTs as the ENTIRE Raptor team.    Kings took about 8 FTs for the entire game.    Game before that, other team took 9 FTs for the ENTIRE game.    Beyond suspicious.
JCDish::IF the fix was in it would be Kobe vs Lebron Galore ... or the Cavs vs the Heat in the Eastern Conference finals ...
JCDish::or Celtics vs Heat in the ECF
JCDish::If the fix was in the Heat would have TWO NBA championships instead of just ONE.
JCDish::If the fix was in it would be the Lakers and the Clippers in the Western Conference finals this year.
JCDish::If the fix was in, the Lakers wouldnt have struggled so much to get back to .500
JCDish::Spurs a top team in the West. It's a known fact that the Spurs are a boring team, and yet the fix doesn't affect them from being on top in the West. If the fix was in, the Spurs would be a basement team.
ElvinHayesRules::It's a lot--clear evidence that games are being fixed. What have YOU got to refute it?
Inconvenient Truth::thats all you got?
lakersfann1990::ElvinHayesRules-   Bryant takes more FTs on plays where no one touches him at all then on shots where he's actually fouled. He's living off his rep.    Your logic makes me sick  Look how may free throws durant, carmelo,  dwyane wade, and all those floppers take.
ElvinHayesRules::Dude, look it up. Lakers lead the league in FTs taken and are last in shooting fouls committed. The games are fixed.
fliptide2013::lol
ElvinHayesRules::You're a broken record. You clearly have no evidence or even intelligent thoughts to refute what I'm saying.
Inconvenient Truth::Thats what IIIIIM saying to YOOOOUUU
Inconvenient Truth::prove it. lets see stats for the entire season for every team
ElvinHayesRules::Kobe took as many FTs as the entire Raptor team when LA played them.  You can't explain why the other teams take NO FTs against Lakers aside from game-fixing.  In the last three games alone there was a team only taking 8 FTs against LA and another only taking 9. This ONLY happens against the Lakers, and it clearly looks like games are being fixed.
Inconvenient Truth::Prove it. I want stats for ALL time free throw attemtps for both the lakers and their opponents.
ElvinHayesRules::I have the stats. Kobe takes as many FTs as the ENTIRE Raptor team.  Kings took about 8 FTs for the entire game.  Game before that, other team took 9 FTs for the ENTIRE game.  Beyond suspicious.
ElvinHayesRules::Al Gore is cranky today!
Inconvenient Truth::whats wrong with proof? Hes saying something he has no proof for but he wants to talk trash. atleast have the stats
lakersfann1990::ElvinHayesRules-  Let's keep in mind the refs are giving them about 20 FTs more per game than their opponent in a desperate attempt to get them into the postseason.    If this keeps up in the playoffs, Lakers could make a run. But I doubt they'll keep being this biased...  with the lakers having dominant big men and a unstoppable guard  thats why the opposing team fouls dont you watch basketball ??  They basically hold kobe bryants jersey at will,  and  slap howards arm everytime he goes up for a shot.
ElvinHayesRules::Bryant takes more FTs on plays where no one touches him at all then on shots where he's actually fouled. He's living off his rep.
Inconvenient Truth::so you have no proof is what youre saying? youre just talking out of your...
ElvinHayesRules::like you do all day long..? good point...
lakersfann1990::I also see the punishment dwight howard and kobe bryant take on a daily basis why you think bryant aint playing now think man think.
ElvinHayesRules::And to call Kobe is unstoppable is laughable at this point. Without the gift FTs he'd be on the bench every game.
ElvinHayesRules::Nothing can explain the historically low number of FTs the other teams take against LA.  8 for the entire game? 9 for the entire game the previous game?  It's blatant game-fixing.
ElvinHayesRules::Inconvenient Truth - prove it. I want stats for ALL time free throw attemtps for both the lakers and their opponents.  I'll put together a powerpoint presentation and get back to you in seven weeks..?
Inconvenient Truth::prove it. I want stats for ALL time free throw attemtps for both the lakers and their opponents.
Inconvenient Truth::Everyone has said "if the Lakers MAKE the playoffs it would have meant that they got on a serious roll and figured things out". Well now they have a shot at not only 8th place but can now get to 6th. This is even without Pau and Hill. Dwights still not 100%. Things are getting better for the Lake Show. We'll see how they end up doing.
lakersfann1990::Yep
ElvinHayesRules::Let's keep in mind the refs are giving them about 20 FTs more per game than their opponent in a desperate attempt to get them into the postseason.  If this keeps up in the playoffs, Lakers could make a run. But I doubt they'll keep being this biased...
Inconvenient Truth::oh.right. yea....thats it
Inconvenient Truth::Lakers have won 20 out of 27, if memory serves. so its all good
lakersfann1990::Yea i agree
MRcantholdmedown::"I'm here to chuck up shots, and dish out death stares.   I'm all out of death stares" -- Kobe Bryant
lakersfann1990::Dwight Howard chucked up some shots to last night .
jrosborough08::Too funny...in the Boston boards...Boston fans whining about  how "Stern" gave the game away to Miami....they used to say the same thing about the Lakers!!!
ElvinHayesRules::Oh it's still happening with Stern trying to help LA.  31-9 FT disparity two games back.  About 30-8 the game before that. Pretty crazy stuff...
jrosborough08::The Lakers giveth..and the Lakers taketh away!!!!
CHEIII::Per Nash - "Our ninth game in 14 days in seven cities and you could just kind of see the wheels fall off."  AND last night was a back-to-back.  In fairness, that's a grueling schedule. Impressive the Lakers have won as much as they have.
PaulPierceChokesAgain::nash has 0 rings no wonder he couldn't handle it
MRcantholdmedown::"This is MY TEAM" -- Antawn Jamison
Get your foot off the boat::"..until I hit 20,000 points..  then I'm outta here."
pdiddy0622::embarassed by phoenix lol @ lala land meanwhile my team on a lil win streak, if u aint heard
LASVEGAS999::Lakers need KOBE FACE!!!
Scottpilgrim32::"Dwight sure shot a lot of bricks"  Kobe
youngly21::Thats weird..the lakers didnt shoot 25 more free throws than their opponent and lost....huh, funny how that works
ToniK24::The main reason we shoot more than the opponent is because of Dwight. Teams prefer to foul him hard than to play defense because he's likely to miss one or both free throws. If you look at our free throw attempts vs made; you'll see that while are attempts are above every team, our makes are about average. But please by all means continue to make stupid statements.
youngly21::Gasol - 70.6% FT Average on the year Jamison - 67.3% FT Average on the year Artest - 73.1% FT Average on the year Clark - 68.6% FT Average on the year Meeks - 91.3% FT Average on the year  Hmm....looks like all of these other players shoot above 60% from the FT line. Besides, even if you factored in no other player than Howard...guess what! its still an advantage for the lakers!  Take the Pacer game. Pacers shoot 9 free throws and make them all. Only Howard shoots the Laker free throws. He averages 49%. Therefore he makes between 14 and 15 of those 30 attempts. Advantage Lakers.  Its basic math. The more free throws you take, the more you're likely to make. Its only when the lakers didnt have such a huge free throw attempt discrepancy (i.e. Phoenix, where the attempts were virtually even) that they got walloped by the worst team in the western conference.   Make up whatever story you need to tell yourself to justify your belief that the team is good, but any victory where a team gets that much favoritism, especially when they're not even on their own home court, needs to be called out
ToniK24::lol I get your frustration, BUT which player has FT averages that are eye popping besides Dwight?   I was arguing that it's a moot point because the guys going to the line on the Lakers, besides Kobe and Nash, don't shoot higher than 60%. You should be thanking the refs because you're gaining a f.ucking advantage!
youngly21::Really? Lakers on the road against the best defense in the NBA (Pacers) and the ROAD team gets 30 free throw attempts compared to 9 of the home team,and its because the best defense in the NBA chose to foul hard instead of actually play defense against one man??   "If you look at our free throw attempts vs made; you'll see that while are attempts are above every team, our makes are about average.".  ...um, wasnt that the point of my statment....that the lakers as a whole are taking WAY more free throws than their opponent. No where was I ever talking about their free throw efficiency  But please by all means continue to make stupid statements
Demoted::Not gonna mention Kobe &amp; Paus absence?
lakersfann1990::wow  were 19-6  since the all star break.
youngly21::Really? You are? What position do you play on the team?
