Heathen::I don't get the rotations that the Lakers have.  If Nash can't give more than half a game what good is he starting?  We haven't had double digit assists from him yet.  Farmar is playing better.  If D'Antoni keeps managing games like this, by the time Kobe gets back we'll be too far in the hole.  And don't say we're playing for Wiggins.  It's a lottery and the odds of getting the first pick are not in your favor, even if you're the worst team.  You may have the best odds, but it's way less than 50%.
Robert::Prime example of why D'Antoni can't coach.  He says "we need to learn how to play".  It's the coach's job first to have a system, then to teach it.  He has no system, so he can't teach it and the players have no confidence in the coach because of that.  He'll pick up his checks this year as they keep losing, but he's gone after this year.
H.T.M::I actually see this as positive for the lakers. For once they're learning how to play as a team and not around Kobe. Them getting blown out will for force them to learn how to play defense. And once they do, and once Kobe gets back they'll be a dangerous team. D'Antoni still needs to work on the lineups though that starting lineup is too small, slow and old
James::I am impressed by how the Mavericks are playing even though its still early Monta Ellis is showing off in a big way and its a good thing Rick Carlisle is a better coach than D'Antoni due to having a championship ring. This will definitely be an interesting season Maverick fans!! GO MAVS!!!!!!
David::Get used to this Laker faithful this is how bad of a team they truly are. This Henry has already fizzled out,the team is TERRIBLE at the FT line,they cant play any defense whatsoever. You cannot win games when your front court consistently scores 8-10 points per game and when you allow HACKS like Jae Crowder to score at will you are done, pack it in. This is 2005-6 all over again, when the mad bomber begins hoisting up shots upon his return hes going for "Comeback player of the year" to add to his resume, NOT to win a championship.
emb001981::#$%$ . is a pathetic excuse for a fan. Giving up on the season and wanting his team to lose for a draftpick 5 games into the year. Definition of bandwagon and fairweather. You quit on your team 5 games into the year, and yes right now you still have the 4th highest payroll in the game. Dont care about next year! You can have all the money you want next year, and nobody will sign with you. Nobody wants any part of being Kobe's teammate. Nobody likes him and his days of winning anything are over. I dont care what team you root for, if you are rooting for your team to tank less than 2 weeks into a season you are a joke!
Tuco::Saw Jodie Weaks play in the first half.  This guy can't shoot from the perimeter and get even get layups and run and shoot.  All Weaks was doing was taking perimeter shots when he couldn't get to the paint and score.  And worst of all, Weaks doesn't have defense and can't play like a point guard and direct the offensive plays.  Weaks was 4-10 and had 0 assists, which is typical for a D-Leaguer with no BB IQ.
Tuco::The only bright spot with potential was Nick Young.  Xavier was off today since he didn't start and played in the 2nd half trying to make up for the -16 point differential that Jodie Weaks caused.  Xavier can get to paint and score.  Weaks, on the other hand, doesn't know how to fake a defenders to get to the paint like Xavier and Nick Young.
Daniel::Making a reservation for a lottery pick, now!
Professor Dooley::So the Lakers lost big deal but look at the fans who think they have won a ring after 5 games into the season. Typical know nothing Clipper fans who think their free government cheese is winning the lotto also. I bet living in the LA projects rock to you guys too? Enjoy
