DjangoTheHNIC::~~~~~~_¦¦¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¦   ~~~__¦¦¦¦ Cargo: LAKERS  ___¦¦¦¦¦¦ Destination: OUT THE PLAYOFF RACE  ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦_____________________________¦   ¯(@)¯¯¯¯¯¯¯(@)(@)¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯(@)(@)¯¯?  Keep on truuuuuuckin'.
dsphillips100::pretty sure the Jazz are tanking
Child_Prodigy1982::I have the Lakers going 4-8 in the last games, will come down to the wire on this one!
yalcos4::Mavs are a playoff team. Unfortunstely.. they started off 12 games under 500..bc of a lot of new pieces and no dirk. If this team gets in...they will take a top seed to 6 or 7.
meangreen0381::Too bad 9th place doesnt get a playoff birth, because that is where I predict the Mavs will finish
cscobra::in what world are they a playoff team?  Would be lucky to get the 8th seed, luckier to get 7th, but what's the point?  Just to get swept by SA or OKC.  Better to miss playoffs and get a higher draft pick.  How are they better than the Lakers or Rockets or Warriors?  The answer is they are not.
seacglk::Odds are against them for sure, but so what?  They have players in place that can do a lot of damage if they know their role.  Carlisle's teams are built like that.  You never know what can happen with inspiration and momentum.
chris23562::We were 3-1 against Houston this season, and have been playing much better ball since the one loss.
DjangoTheHNIC::What a loser mentality.
STEVE6163656::Ehhhh...  Seeds 6-8 will get smashed in the 1st round
Kobe 11-33 Story::Jazz suck
MavsFanTillDeath::MJ = G.O.A.T
drac1100::Expected the Mavs to be pretty bad this year but what is going on with Utah?  Not a shot at them, just a little surprising.
JWalk9267::the Jazz got stuck with a mediocre coach (at best) with the players who aren't good for the team (Milsap and Jefferson)
killeryams1779::Good work Jazz, please continue the tank job.
Flash Gordon.::jazz suck
Dirk2XMVP::The Mavs should shave in front of the crowd when they get to 500. That would mean the Mavs vs Bulls game at home if they win the next 2 lol
ck675::I'm going to that game!!!!!!!!!!!
Topher78110::Unfortunately no playoffs for the Jazz this year. A real shame too because for a little bit I thought they were better than last year.
karate kidoz::Lakers need not to worry about jazz for the 8th seed. They need to worry Dallas.
meangreen0381::Key Word: IF
Lakers4life254::lakers have tiebreaker lol
nuneee2::if the mavs win the next one against lakers it'll be tied... the conference records are very close, lakers have a tiny edge there but might not hold
b-train187::Al Jefferson had three rebounds tonight for a power forward that's bad he should be playing small forward with them numbers.
R Barron::He is a center who weighs about three hundred pounds. You want him to play small forward?
tatatatyler::But he is a center...
b-train187::Did you read my comment he is a Power Forward that had three rebounds tonight that's small forward Numbers you can't be a  PF getting three rebounds a game.
b-train187::Al Jefferson is a joke and been a joke for a long time now big time overrated player.
R Barron::Agreed. This has been exactly what the Jazz fans have been saying for a year.
purple-and-gold::Some of us have been saying it a lot longer than that.
JLinNASA::Youtube NBA rigged.  Sad that it is true.  So many obvious bad call.   in 2010, Stern instituted a rule that will give a player a technical and an automatic $2000 fine for reacting to a bad call.    NBA IS RIGGED.
JLinNASA::Youtube NBA rigged.  Sad that it is true.  So many obvious bad call.   in 2010, Stern instituted a rule that will give a player a technical and an automatic $2000 fine for reacting to a bad call.    NBA IS RIGGED.
JLinNASA::Youtube NBA rigged.  Sad that it is true.  So many obvious bad call.   in 2010, Stern instituted a rule that will give a player a technical and an automatic $2000 fine for reacting to a bad call.    NBA IS RIGGED.
JLinNASA::Youtube NBA rigged.  Sad that it is true.  So many obvious bad call.   in 2010, Stern instituted a rule that will give a player a technical and an automatic $2000 fine for reacting to a bad call.    NBA IS RIGGED.
dahojas::On any other team, Kanter would get the most improved player award this year because any other coach would be starting him.
fuzzjar::As a Jazz fan, I've begun counting down the days until free agency starts and these big contracts expire.  Woo.
sportsreality::As a Mavs fan, me too.  This off season will be very interesting because few teams will remain in tact.  For the first time, teams will steer away from the high dollar players.  It's going to be very interesting to see who ends up where next season.
Air McFly 2015::Surprising to think, but Mr. Gooberface himself, Brandon Wright, is becoming a solid baller.
SFWildcard::Anyone that came or played with the Warriros become a solid player
sportsreality::Mike ? still scares me because he takes too many shots and dribbles way too much.  When Dirk is open why does Mike ? still have the ball dribbling away the shot clock?
wetnuts8::cause mike do what mike is going to do that's why
sportsreality::It worked this time, but Dirk is still our main guy.
sportsfan1014::Mike "king" James Vinsanity Cater  what a unstopable backcourt for the Mavs..
sportsreality::I guess Mike James got tired of me saying he doesn't belong in the NBA.  Good game, except the last 4 minutes.
knicks_11::lol mike james !  who?   mike James ! Who? mike james !  who?   mike James ! Who? mike james !  who?   mike James ! Who? mike james !  who?   mike James ! Who?
EspnHead21::Big, big win for the Dallas Mavericks. Huge win for the Dallas Mavericks.
EspnHead21::What this win is going to do is keep the Dallas Maverick's Playoff prospects alive.
oczonie::You think?  Jazz have given up any hope of catching Lakers.  Mavs still have to make up some games.  Lakers need to keep losing on the road.  Kudos to Mavs if they can do it, if only for Cuban to stick it into Kobe's face.
TexasJuvy::If Cuban and the mavs take the 8 spot from the lakers, there will be MONTHS of trash talk...and Dwight will probably come to the big D. And when I say months, I mean years. ESPN Dallas surely will not be devoid of Cuban vs. Lakers headlines.
GrapeOKAllDay35::Lakers need to lose
MavUlous42::dont worry they will
ishnock::Mike james still gunning. Yeah, we won. That's a great thing, but we cannot continue to win with mike james taking more shots than our best players.   mayo, only 4 shots?...and he was 4-7?   I'm sick of the free flowing offense, where whoever has the ball can just shoot the ball. Dallas cannot progress with mike james being the center of the offense. He could easily use his penetration to get other people going.   He refuses to give it to mayo at times, and mayo shot attempts, which weren't much to begin with, are now down to like 8-9 shots a game....and dirk is barely getting enough shot attempts.   Rick did this with murphy. He did with fisher, and now he is doing with james. Rick lacks prudence in certain areas as a coach...I do not understand his logic at times.
sportsreality::Several people have said that Kidd coached the 2011 championship team.  The blanket has been removed and Carlisle is having to really coach this year.
TexasJuvy::right...and the Mavs are the same team as the 2011 Championship Team...  With any other coach they are competing for the 13th spot right now
wetnuts8::mike james is a big fail his role needs to be reduced
LetsGoMavs-::100% agreed. Dirk had 0 shot attempts in the 4th and Rick played nothing but 3rd stringers the entire 4th quarter up by 20
chris23562::3rd stringers did not play the entire 4th...second string went out ~2min mark with a 12pt lead
sportsreality::I wonder if Carlise has just given up on this season.  It seems like he wasn't trying to win with that terrible lineup in the last few minutes.  It got scary and ridiculous.  Mike James needs to get Dirk the ball and stop acting like he's Lebron.  He's not a star point guard.  Even Chris Paul gives the ball up to his best shooters.
Serg Abaka::Dirk didn't play in the 4th??
sportsfan1014::Jazz have a great home record to show for it, but 10-17 road record is just way too bad..
TAC0REV::Try 10-27...
Watneys67::10-17?  They are 17 UNDER .500 on road
worleyjamers2011::We have a rough stretch of schedule from here on out, but I think we have a shot. Gotta keep winning! PLAYOFFS!
sportsreality::Carlisle needs to coach his butt off for the next month and tell everyone except maybe Vince or Marion to give Dirk the ball.  The rest of them are definitely just supporting cast.
sportsfan1014::send Lakers fishing
Watneys67::The NBA rigged ..... no comment  ~ Tom Donaghy (cashing his $10,000 Jazz +6 ticket at Caesar's Palace)
JLinNASA::Youtube NBA rigged.  Sad that it is true.  So many obvious bad call.   in 2010, Stern instituted a rule that will give a player a technical and an automatic $2000 fine for reacting to a bad call.    NBA IS RIGGED.
wetnuts8::Just a total giveaway at the end...it does make you wonder if there was vested interest from someone (mike james?)
Scottpilgrim32::Mavericks too strong right now. Keep on winning!
JoweyPR::_One word: Lakers
LetsGoMavs-::Go Mavs. Will be nice to keep the playoff streak going from 12 straight to 13 straight.
Wombat1247::Book in the lottery  I prefer Burke , but he may be gone  Will we be happy with Carter-Williams?  Some boards have him dropping
tfoutz31::BURKE!!!
MTorres727@gmail.com::Im still not sold on Mike James.Horrible PG
Wombat1247::His better than Tinsley &amp; Watson and he is 4 years older!
wetnuts8::his role should be reduced to bench warmer
wetnuts8::MAVS SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED FOR POINT SHAVING
wetnuts8::THEY ARE NBA PLAYERS NO LESS. ITS JUST INEXCUSABLE TO BLOW THAT MANY POINTS INTHE LAST MINUTE
sportsreality::They do not play like NBA players.  The Mavs have 8 players at best.  The rest should always always stay on the bench.
LetsGoMavs-::I know. I'm disgusted by coach Rick for not playing the starting 5 in the 4th
LetsGoMavs-::Coach Rick fault for playing 3rd string players the entire 4th quarter while up by 20
m_gunners::precisely..he wanted the points shaved but still win it!!
sportsreality::That's funny!  3rd string?
700Jenks700::Yep.  Totally let em cover.  Wonder who bet that?
sportsfan1014::19 pts? Mike "young" James tonight..
wetnuts8::THIS WAS THE MAVS PLAYERS LETTING THE JAZZ COVER...NOTHING MORE. A COMPLETE GIVE A WAY OF POINTS IN THE LAST MINUTE
MTorres727@gmail.com::Was this the Jazz making a comeback or the mavs being stupid?
sportsreality::The Mavs being stupid.  This one could have bitten them.  The bench is not the 2011 bench.  It got too close for comfort.
ck675::that 2011 bench... :(
scow79::A little bit of A, a little bit of B.
LetsGoMavs-::Mavs played 3rd string players in the 4th quarter  No Dirk for the entire 4th quarter. Mavs win by 30 if Dirk and the starting 5 plays
riodejeremy::VEgas baby vegas
scow79::11 points in 10 minutes for Burks and if it hadn't been for the blowout, he wouldn't have even seen the floor in the second half.
scow79::The reason?   So Tinsley could play.
tfoutz31::embarrassing
Watneys67::The Jazz lost on the road. This is a real surprise to anyone?
MTorres727@gmail.com::Yes.They shocked the world
tfoutz31::once we get trey burke
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::2 more wins and Mavs get to shave!
wetnuts8::ANOTHER RIGGED NBA GAME...MIKE JAMES HAD $ ON THE JAZZ
ChiTownSound::Great win for the Mavs and I hope they grab the 8 seed but we all gotta be honest at what we just witnessed lol SMH Corbin
Bordakh8572::Memphis Grizzlies:  Thank you Dallas Mavericks for making us playoff bound
dallasmavs258::Lol what?
King of the Echo People::FREE KANTER!
sportsfan1014::Jazz looked hopeless, at least now both teams are 34-36, both can still take that 8th spot away from the Lakers
tatatatyler::I read that 16 out of his most 18 used line ups are outscored.  Something like that.  Zach Lowe wrote an article about the Jazz and mentioned that
King of the Echo People::Jazz won't do it. Ty Corbin never uses the right lineup.
wetnuts8::NBA IS RIGGED ...ALL U CAN DO IS HOPE U WIND UP ON THE RIGHT SIDE.
m_gunners::Mavs lead by 20,finally win by 5 (odds -5.5)...Grizzlies lead by 18,finally win by 4 (vs Celtics Sat) odds -7.5   -------- this is world of scam gambling...why do you think they call so many timeouts....to tell the players to give up points!!!!
wetnuts8::THIS GAME SHOUDL BE INVESTIGATES...SO OBVIOUS.
LetsGoMavs-::coach Rick works with the refs. That is why he played 3rd string players in the 4th
JLinNASA::No, it is not rigged.  -Tim Donaghy
