Jones.Larry 240-491-1377::Duncan may have put up big numbers in this game. But his FG % was below 50% for the third straight game. Duncan used to lead the Spurs and often lead the league in the +/- stat....which for those that don't know reveals whether the team gained or lost points during one's minutes played. It is the most important overall stat in basketball IMHO and should get more coverage. But Duncan has had a negative number in 4 of the last 6 games for the +/-. I love Duncan, he is my favorite player perhaps of all time. But this year his game has dropped off clearly since last year with less than 45% FG for the season. He was starting to turn the latter around but it's slipped off again in the past week. I hope this changes. And I hope the Spurs can find a way to beat the better teams in the West. But clearly they have been unable to do so this season so far. I think mixing in more of the younger players will help.
Melvin::Is Ginobili tired or physically diminishing as his points are lower, or is he playing and shooting less?  Let all of us spurs fans pray for him for health and success.
Austin::If I were Monta, I would try to realize that he has finally put himself in a position to succeed in the NBA and play for a good team while performing to the best of his abilities, and Dallas just seems like a good fit. But in reality, he might just jump at the biggest offer he gets in the offseason, no matter the destination.  I Love the I-35 rivalry and have so much respect for Dirk. Hopefully the Spurs find their defense soon, because its been dismal lately. Go Spurs Go!  Oh and I'm happy Dejuan Blair is doing well in Dallas. He really made Pop's doghouse last season.
Mister E::Damn Green was one turnover away from a perfect game.
poyman::So many problems with the Mavs... They are very old, Dirk is the only reliable "go to" guy... Calderon is a decent ball handler and a good shot but is not quick enough to stay with the elite PGs in the league... Ellis is a decent 2nd option but he just has an adequate mid-range and 3 point shot and makes a lot of bad decisions with the Ball... Marion is virtually no threat on offense and Carter is too much into circus shots and not enough into possession Offense... It's sad but I don't think that we are going to make the playoffs at this point and if we do, it'll be one and done.
davidson::Tell Mark Cuban AXSTV must improve the content on the channel. Gene Simmons 10 times a day is a time filler and the live concerts recently have been AWFUL !
Ben::Dallas is surprising me his year. Maybe a healthy Dirk makes all the difference. Still think SA wins this one, but could go either way.
David::"Mavericks&#39;"  Hey Yahoo!, you're escaping your HTML entities once too often.  Well, at least point totals aren't being shown as "14.0" anymore. Does anyone besides me do View Source on these pages?  It's a Javascript nightmare.
OneWiseWoman::Although they are both past their primes, I think Tim Duncan & Dirk Nowitzki are the #1 & #2 PFs respectively of their era. I personally like Nowitzki better than Kevin Garnett.
Giovanni::From the perspective of a Rockets fan, I don't know who I want to win. If Dallas wins it brings the Rockets closer to SA, but it also brings the Mavs closer to Houston. It works vice-versa.
