Damn It Jim::GO NATS!
gregyankeess::Wallace is useless
vegasbuster10::I hope wizards fans know wall is a complete bum and losing to the nets tonight proves that
Damn It Jim::I don't blame you for feeling that way. I felt the same way before March. His jumper and tempo were lacking. He's gotten better. Fewer TOs, and his jumper is getting better.
meangreenmachine1616::No starters. No problem.
NYChe21::Fun game.
Real Deal Beal::Can ESPN possibly not talk about these explosions for once? It's been like 8 hrs of this s.hit...I'm sick of this depressing crap. Let the normal news stations talk about it....
KMartKidd56::TOKO!!!!  BK crowd certainly amped up for the playoffs; they were rocking tonight.
Damn It Jim::WE'RE  NOT READY!
Real Deal Beal::We tanked tonight...we'll be more ready when we get that few extra positions in the draft
Damn It Jim::We suck @ss hole on the road...We have doodoo breathe from our road trips.   DAMN IT JIM!
gasrich857::Without Wall, the Wiz shot 62%…
Real Deal Beal::Wall was not himself tonight, looked like he was out partying in NY last night...he wasn't pushing the tempo and his handle looked shaky for some reason
Rezo201::lol
ksmit111::I can't wait to see wall beal and nene on the court with webster lurking in the corner and oak on the block.. hopefully they can stay healthy next season and then maybe people will show the wiz a little love
Damn It Jim::We suck @sshole on the road...We have @ss breathe on the road!  DAMN IT JIM!
nets1fan_::I have an idea on how to (maybe) get Crash going....gunna make a call tomorrow  and hopefully get the message to him... .Let's Go Nets!!!!  B-)
mattnimp::It's not like tanking is gonna give us a chance at a higher pick at this point
Rezo201::The upcoming draft is incredibly weak. One of the worst in a long time.
mattnimp::IKR, but next year's draft hmmmmmmmmmm.....(licking my lips)
Kevin Durclutch::Very significant win for the Nets!
Meraj4986::wiz only had 2 starters on their own and even their 6th man didnt play...
Porkchop8920::Nets also didnt have their 7th or 9th man
Qster15::...that their bench scrubs can comeback and beat another NBA starting squad..
Rezo201::How so? lol
Airmyke::BROOKLYN.....
Rezo201::The Wizards wanted to win, they just didn't play their best lineup.
BaltimOre1576::I didn't want them to win =).
Real Deal Beal::Uh....no they didn't lol. Wittman wanted to win with the scrubs, but he was expecting to lose.
Real Deal Beal::Rezo201 - I mean the guys who played, they wanted to win. It's sports nature.  true
Rezo201::I mean the guys who played, they wanted to win. It's sports nature.
159Yanks::I think our starters should play a little bit so they dont get rusty come playoff time
BaltimOre1576::Keep losing guys, I want a better percentage. We will make the playoffs next year. You heard it here first!
GeorgeTownDC29::A lot of people predict the Wiz to make the playoffs next year so you're a little late to that party
GeorgeTownDC29::I didn't know that. Well damn yeah I think we have a real good shot next year
BaltimOre1576::Okay maybe, but I said it the day after wall came back.
Real Deal Beal::the tank is going well
BaltimOre1576::I want to tank. Oh hey Beal what's up? Can't believe what happened today. $@%! Terrorists!!
Real Deal Beal::Alright guys...time to go watch the Minn/Utah game. Veryyy important.
mattnimp::I don't think we are tanking, I just think we lost point blank
Real Deal Beal::c'mon...Oak played 5 minutes
mattnimp::Really? lol well to my defense I'm not watching the game
djny2k12::Shows you what hustle and playing hard every possession can do in a ball game....toko and mirza are begging for mins....hopefully this showed PJ something.  Oh yea Hump still sucks!
159Yanks::1 more regular season game left before the real thing
Rezo201::This game went from an ugly circus to awesome.
nets1fan_::NETS~,~BASKETBALL
Mets2410::awesome win Nets! I know it doesn't mean squat but for some reason this game was pretty sweet. great game Wizards fans expect to see you in the playoffs next year
GeorgeTownDC29::Cya. Good luck this year. Beat the Knicks and Heat if you face them!
Real Deal Beal::Wizards basketball, where tanktastic, tankerrific happens.
WizSkin95::My competitive nature won let me relish in this tank job. F#$$$$K.
NjFan11::TOKO POST GAME INTERVIEW!!!!!
islandblader05::Why did the Wizards wave the white flag with like 20 secs left?
bigmeatloaf3::cover that spread
Albertobs::This is how I see it, PJ stays, Wallace's career keeps getting f.u.c.k.ed up, PJ goes, the team has a chance to get a better coach that fits everybody.
The Legendary Bobcats::Nets are doing pretty good their first year together. Knicks floated around 7-8th seed their first couple of years together. It's crazy how fast fans forget that.
Rezo201::I been trying to tell Knicks fans this and they just say it's 2013 now. Smh
Qster15::Wiz su.ck as.s
meangreenmachine1616::Wow. Looking @ your teams. May I say "bandwagon?"
Real Deal Beal::it's called tanking moron lol
Real Deal Beal::WE WIZARDS FANS LOVE OUR TANK EFFORT! THANKS JOHN! But seriously, at least this is an entertaining game featuring scrubs....those don't happen often haha
159Yanks::That was a pretty fun game to watch. Cya next season Wizards fans
BJSaxMan93::Shengelia = GOAT
Qster15::Wiz cant seem to do anything right in the fourth... ita like the ran out of gas. lost this winnable game
rnathan2::nets -4 baby
Bob-Swaggg Smith.::$@%! YOU WIZ  YOU SUCK!  HOPE NET FANS CAN SLEEP CAUSE YOU CHEATED!!!!!!!!!!
DX_Hoo::You seem mad.
GeorgeTownDC29::Good game Nets! Good luck in the playoffs.
Bob-Swaggg Smith.::YOU $@%!$@% SUCK!
159Yanks::Dude get a life Bob you annoying piece of sh it
GeorgeTownDC29::mmmkay...
159Yanks::Nets win. We won with our reserves.
Rezo201::We won with our reserves for our reserves for the most part. lol
Rezo201::Everyone loves watching the 'little guys' play, it's fun.
Bob-Swaggg Smith.::<b>2013 ATLANTIC DIVISION CHAMPIONS = KNICKS</b>
BJSaxMan93::2014 = Nets
Kevin Durclutch::"Guys, we can't win this or that might hurt our draft position!!"
Bob-Swaggg Smith.::Knicks still have a better record.
mattnimp::And they still lost to the Bobcats
Rezo201::Ty is a baller.
mattnimp::Western Conference Round 1 Predictions: 1. OKC Thunder vs 8. LA Lakers, hahahahahahaha are you kidding me, Kobe aint gonna be playing hahahahaha Thunder 4-0 sweep lmao 4. LA Clippers vs 5. Memphis Grizzlies, this was the best series last year and could be the best series again this year Clippers win 4-3 and I hope Randolph messes with Griffin alot 3. Denver Nuggets vs 6. Houston Rockets, Harden is the only reason the Rockets are relevant, Lin won't do squat to help him and the Nuggets are too good at home Nuggets win 4-0 2. San Antonio Spurs vs 7. Golden St. Warriors, gonna be a fun series to watch especially when the games are played at Oakland but the Spurs won't get worn out until the Western Conference Finals again, Spurs 4-1
DPetro10::I love how the crowd is tonight way to go Brooklyn
sonofben91::Wizards U SO SILLY
GeorgeTownDC29::Thanks!
Mets2410::TT!!!
