Callmelennie::Suns were playing a fifth road game in seven days.  They lost Eric Bledsoe, who along with Goran Dragic, was part of the double point guard attack that had made them so difficult to defend.  Then they lost Markieff Morris, probably their third best player, on a double technical.   And the Knicks need an overtime to put them away?  Not impressive at all
doomshades::Green is getting too confident in his shooting lately.
bgood2life::The big apple apparently intimidated Gerald Green. 2 out of 16 field goal attempts and 0 for 7 three pointers,just want cut it.
L.E.S. the lower::I love listening to Clyde,but some of Breem is rubbing off on him.They constantly keep saying that if MELO would past the ball they seem to have a better winning pct. When MELO has 4 dimes they are like 5-1.6 dimes 10-2.But they never mention when like for instance in the 1st quarter,to sweet down low passes to Amare,both fumbled away. Wouldn't that have been more dimes,yet no mention whatsoever....Forget it we won that's all that counts,I'm over it already.......
Jim::You don't even need a win to be described as surging in the east.
L.E.S. the lower::Just chalk this one up to not going to quit.5 in a row.need tomorrows' game before the Indiana game. There was the over-bearing mouth of Mike Breem.I almost went crazy with this is Phoenix 5th game of a 5 game road trip.I mean he must of said that around 20 times.Can Dolan forgive Marv Albert over the hotel scandal,and bring him back,please,it's been near 20 years already...
GoodLuck::Carmelo 6 of 15 + 5 TO, not good.
Truth Be Told::Easiest win the Suns will get all year. Melo 10-50 shooting 0 assists 0 steals 0 blocks 0 leadership 0 clutch 10 MVP chants from the delusional idiots at MSG as the Knicks fall to 14-23 with the 2nd highest payroll in the sport.
Belicheat::Yup  another win, Melo haters are being quiet lately.  Why so quiet,  I mean yall being chirping like a annoying housewife.    Now yall quiet.
Anton::Knicks have regained their confidence.
