Mike Plummer::Charlotte will continue to surprise and will win 35-40 games this year.
Barry N McCockiner::The suns got sloppy or they would have won by 25.
John Hartley::Brent- Awkward considering the Bobcats are better then the Suns...
Brandon Duenas::Ehh, that's debatable.
Barry N McCockiner::Coulda fooled me. If Bledsoe played it wouldn't have ever been close.
John Hartley::Barry N McCockiner sadly i will admit i was wrong. The Suns shocked me, y'all have a bright future ahead. Frye is a great shooter btw.
Brandon Duenas::Suns fans, check out this article I wrote up for isportsweb. Hope you all enjoy it. GO SUNS! http://isportsweb.com/2013/11/21/phoenix-suns-looking-establish-identity/
Brent Carroll::If the Suns can't beat the bobcats then I am done I will be waiting for Wiggins or Parker
Ryan Kenneth Leddy::Really happy to see a good game from Channing Frye, he can be quite a dynamic player when he is on. A near 7 footer who can stroke it from three on offense and block shots and play decent post-defense.   I still have yet to catch a game where both Dragic and Bledsoe were playing together, which sucks since we have a dynamic back court.  I don't think that PHX will continue playing .500 ball the rest of the season. However, we will be competitive in every game. Plus, this team is very fun to watch. Dragic and Bledsoe can take games over, Gerald Green can be explosive on offense, PJ Tucker is pure hustle, and Archie Goodwin is just a freak of nature.   I would love to see Jabari Parker or Andrew Wiggins on this squad next year though so while I am rooting for this team, I really dont want them to win too much. There are some serious superstars in this draft.
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Phoenix Suns face adversity for the first time as they begin a three-game, four-day road trip against the Charlotte Bobcats on Friday. The Suns, who were one of the league’s biggest surprises during a 5-2 start, have dropped four in a row and leading scorer Eric Bledsoe's status is uncertain due to a bruised shin. Charlotte is last in the league in scoring but has won six of seven games decided by six points or fewer, and inside force Al Jefferson could return from an ankle injury. The young Suns did not manage a lead in the fourth quarter for the first time this season in a 113-106 loss to Sacramento on Wednesday. Kemba Walker broke out of a shooting slump with a season-high 31 points in Charlotte’s 95-91 win over Brooklyn on Wednesday, snapping a three-game home losing streak. If Bledsoe gets the start I would jump on the Suns as the underdogs here but missing Bledsoe the past few games has shown to hurt the Suns.
Rodney Sargent::If your shot isnt falling then attack the basket i guess kemba doesnt understand this he just kept gunning n never scored effcient
Rodney Sargent::Kemba shot his team outta the game n even with all these fts they couldnt reach 95 points terrible teams with terrible coaching
Hazlett Weatherwax::Bobcats continually are a bad team. Bunch of losers with no pride, year in year out they continue to be one of the worst teams in the NBA.
Rodney Sargent::Maybe is mcroberts plays big instead of shooting sg 3's charlotte can start winning
Crowdcapper.com::Come over and talk about the game free at the first ever social capping site.! Look above at name for the website.
LifeMade Uncomplicated::hahah all pro basketball players and miss bunch of free throw.
James Bogie::would have liked 2 see miles score more , but ill take 11 and 3 kill shots
TuTu Vue::gerald green 0-7 3s? how did he even get to attempt so many? lol....
Ben Mott::Charlotte playin like a bunch of girls again !!
Rodney Sargent::Both of these teams r terrible flat out
