TylorandDian Franks::Here goes Brian Shaw again. Lets start Randolph and Hickson over Faried again. Stupidity. Lawson and Faried need to play together. How do they find these coaches? Oh yeah they are hired because they are friends of friends. Shaw is a bum
Alex Naeff::Connely is also an idiot. They try to slow down the game and be better defensively so what do they do? They go get a bunch of undersized guys that cant play D. Examples: Robinson, Arthur, Hickson. Not to mention how short the nuggets already were (Faried, Randolph, Lawson)
Cory Nope::Youve gone how many years without a superstar? Theyre tanking.
Augustus Johnston::They shouldn't be slowing it down to begin with.  These guys are so unbelievably stupid, it's unreal.
Obi Van Doren::Brian shaw has one of the best home court advantages in the world and he slows the game down.  WtF!
Danny Leavitt::Too early to predict but my gut feeling is the Nuggets are going to be battling for lottery this year. They look completely disorganized, no leadership and little true effort.
Augustus Johnston::There's only been one time that the Nuggets ran and lost.  It was under Westhead.  It was because he had guys like Joe Wolf, Blair Rasmussen, and Danny Schayes.
Paul Leach::I'm sure the other Western Conference teams are heartbroken that the Nuggets have hired a half court offense coach.  WTF.
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Tim Gourley::So glad I got DirecTV so I no longer have to listen to the amateurish Mike and Mike.  Nuggets broadcasters are far superior.
Tony Plotnick::Yeah I like to sometimes mute the game and listen to the radio announcer for the Blazers. Wheels is the man.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Is it safe to say that McGee was one big mistake yet? Must frustrating player I've ever watched play basketball.
Danny Leavitt::I was just thinking that of Nene.
Alan Pettyjohn::JVMG like the "center is the key" part of the triangle philosophy....problem is, he ignores the "center kicks out to open man" part and concentrates on being a Abdul-Jabbar type shooter...without any of Kareems skill...offensive or defensive.   He fit Karls system better...
Alex Naeff::Alan Pettyjohn Not to mention the open man doesn't knock it down.
Tim Gourley::I see the Blazers choking this one.  There is no bigger choker in the NBA than LaMarcus.
Tim Gourley::what did i tell you?!?!!
Cody Palmer::You were wrong.
Tim Gourley::Who are the Pelicans?
Danny Leavitt::New Orleans
Alan Pettyjohn::The Nuggets are now the Pacers...without the D nor any triangle-proficient players...smh The ONLY reason, besides them being a Denver team, that I watch(ed?) Nuggets is that they were exciting and ran teams off the court...now, watching paint dry is more exciting. Agreed it was time for Karl to go...but hiring a coach that uses a system that NONE of the players fit in was just a typical Kroenke jr move.... Oh well....who are the top college draft prospects?  May as well get "hyped" for a nice lottery pick (ps...can you cancel NBA Season Ticket and get a refund??...no seriously)
Danny Leavitt::Didn't see this collapse coming so soon!
David Aulds::I told you Denver fans that it was a mistake to fire George Karl. You don't make a team who is up tempo and fast break do a set triangle offense.  Shaw went about this the wrong way and it is going to hurt the Nuggets this season.
Kevin J. Gulbransen::Ugh, Arthur is terrible. He's an undersized 4 who can't shoot or play D. Foye is terrible too. They're really hurting without Gallo and Chandler. And it was a mistake not to -re-sign Brewer.
Alex Naeff::Every single 4 on the Nuggets its undersized
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Nuggets you freaked sucks so bad... Stupid kronke it's going to be an empty arena very soon. Sad players n coaches!!!
Danny Leavitt::It looks like the Nuggets have a long way to go to even get close to where they were last year.
Trevor Hennington::I bet they are missing Karl right about now.
Chi-Town Custom Cornhole Boards::Nicolas Batum triple double 2 nite.
Justin Gentry::Is it too late to get George Karl back?
Danny Leavitt::Denver  O looks confused.
Danny Leavitt::can't seem to post anymore
Jonathan Cole::Nice start Karl haters.
Alan Pettyjohn::Karl was not fired because of his great season starts or records....He was fired because he could not win in the playoffs when D became important. Not sold on Shaw by any means...but something had to give...it was time for Karl to go...period
Danny Leavitt::Alan Pettyjohn I think it was his health
Fjodor Balla::Nuggs get the first win of the season.
Alan Pettyjohn::...in December?  (maybe)
Michael Winter::Blazers you got this
Francisco Javier Cruz Perez::Let's go Blazers!! Keep playing HARD!!!
