19Houston75::All of this talk about efficiency is irritating.  I like players to be efficient scorers, but some of you morons don't seem to know how that term relates to basketball. If a player averages 30ppg on 30fga, that player is efficient. The only way that player would be inefficient,  would be if he were shooting below 40% from the field and making up the difference at the line. Factor in 3pt %, efficient would be 33% from 3. That's the equivalent of shooting 50% on 2's. So lets say that Harden scores 30 points on 7/16 shooting. 4/12 from 3 and 3/4 on 2's. That would mean that he would need to make 12 freethrows to hit 30pts. Now, before you say "he was fouled shooting 6 more shot attempts." Here's a kicker. Lets say he got 4 bonus ft attempts on made shots. Well, that means he would have attempted 2 more shots.. wait, one of the ft attempts was from a technical foul and 2 more were from loose ball fouls, or reach in fouls. Well damn, that would mean he only attempted 1 extra shots. So his equivalent FG shooting would be 13/17. If that doesn't sound efficient, you don't know basketball. Just in case you think I'm citing some crazy fantasy situation, think again. Harden has had quite a few games this year that played out very similar to my hypothetical.   Btw, being an efficient shooter in basketball is to average at least 1 pt per shot attempt. 50%. Harden is well above that.
19Houston75::For those who don't want to do the elementary school math, that would be roughly 76.5% adjusted fg%.  If there was a player on the rockets that was guaranteed to hit 1 out of every two shot attempts, I'd want that player shooting 100 times. Figure in 3's and that player would exceed 100 points.
KCRCK::The elephant in the room is the money Lin generates for Houston Rockets owner Leslie Alexander.  Lin opens up many opportunities to make tens of millions to hundreds of millions of  dollars in China on deals just like Yao did.  Lin could be a Rocket for life if the Houston Rockets owner is making money in deals outside of basketball.
I Have The Pawaaaa::Lin fans, you might want to mosey on over to another area where your intellectual musings would be more appreciated:  bbs.clutchfans.net/showthread.php?t=235263  Staying here at ESPN, the only response you'll get are either stupid or idiot by the intellectually lazy folks.
USKID1676::Be fair to Lin, he did open up the door for Rocket, We should be happy for it. Stop talking like this for both Lin's fan and not Lin's fan. You are not Rocket's fan, are you?
01.02.2013::ALL THIS TRADE TALK is ridiculous the ROX have 18 games and the playoffs to think about.
01.02.2013::In other Rox news -   Hey how about DMO!
Vega_2012::I hope the Rockets trade Lin so all these idiot LOFs get off this Rockets board.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::HARDEN IS A TRUE TURNOVER MACHINE...EVEN IN LIMITED MINUTES AND SHOT ATTEMPTS, HE STILL MANAGE TO GET 4 TURNOVERS IN THIS GAME.  BUT OF COURSE THE HARDEN FANBOYS WILL SAY "WELL HE USUALLY BRINGS IN 25+PTS IN SPITE OF HIS USUAL 9 TURNOVERS AND ZERO DEFENSE" LOL ;)
jmg616::Hmm, well Houston is 22nd in adjusted Defensive efficiency, based on number of possessions, not great, but not the worst. Offensively? They average 1 point per possesion, the exact same as OKC. It's a numbers game my friend. We outscore OKC while having the same effiency because of the number of possesions we get per game. Conversely, it has the same effect on defense. More defensive possessions, more chances to get beat. I'd venture to say his defense and turnovers are a result of more opportunities for things to go wrong, not because he's poor or overrated. There are more variables than just the eye test buddy.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::FOR THOSE THAT DOESN'T UNDERSTAND THE LOGIC, HARDEN BRINGS IN 25+PTS, ONLY TO GIVE UP 25+PTS.   OH MY, THAT'S JUST HORRIBLE;)
Jason Stone Lee::To some fake BB fans with Elementary math: If a player shoot 1 of 5, plus draw 4 shooting fouls, get 8 points from FT, total 10points. So can you say he is efficient player, just shot 5 to get 10points? The real is 9 attempts, 10points.  If a player shoot 5 of 15, 10 points and draw 10 shooting fouls, get 15 points from FT, total 25points. Can you say he is the most efficient player, just 15 attempts, 25 points? No he is volume shooter, 25 attempts, 25 points!
jmg616::Also, have you ever thought about the fact that Harden gets fouled on HIGHLY makeable shots. Each time he's fouled on a layup he would have made, it takes away a chance for him to add a made field goal to his statistics. Hence the reason someone who scores from the line has a high PER, or player efficiency rating for you with your elementary math. Also, volume scorers don't generally play on highest scoring teams because they are taking too many opportunities away from their offense, the Rockets don't seem to have that problem.
jmg616::I think i'd say the most efficient scorer would have to be Brian Scalabrine...  Dude never takes shots, therefore he never misses! Right Jason Stone Lee?
TXtdo1411::Who would you say is the most efficient scorer in the NBA?
KeriTheCreoleTexan::lol, Wow. By your logic, all of the top scorers that get to the line consistently, are volume shooters.
TXtdo1411::So no player is efficient by your standards. Thanks for proving us all wrong. Part of being an efficient scorer is getting to the free throw line. There is a reason free throws don't count as FG.
thyshakes::All starting 5 have double digit points.  Just fun to watch.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::rockets are the most fun team..highest scoring team..youngest team..the best for nba..  spurs=worst
thyshakes::Harden is a super-star and Lin is a talented player with potential.  Don't know where Lin will end up but sure is fun watching the Rockets.  Anyone who talk trash about Harden and love Lin are just fake Lin fans trying to make Lin fans look bad.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::No, you really do have some real, die-hard Lin fans who play up Lin, and downplay Harden. Some are fake, yes, but not all.
TXtdo1411::I hope he doesn't go anywhere. He is improved in the system so much from the beginning of the season to now. I can't wait to see what he can do with a full offseason with the line up we have now.
bobbydagreat::I don't think Lin is going anywhere honestly, he has a pretty good upside and I think the Rockets want to keep him.
bobbydagreat::"Harden is a volume shooter"  Now there have been a lot of dumb things said here by a lot of really dumb Lin fans, but that has got to be absolutely the least intelligent thing I have seen posted here in a while. Congratulations.
TXtdo1411::Yea I really don't understand our fanbase. Reading some of the previous comments, do they really think we would be just as good if not better without Harden? He is 3rd in the league in win shares behind LeBron and Durant. He is one of the more efficient scorers in the league, and he alos facilitates for the most part. Has he been perfect? No, but he has been pretty damn close. There is nothing more us as fans can ask of this guy. He is easily a top 10 player in the league in his first season with a new team, and first season as a starter.
rightersbloc::bobbydagreat - Actually it doesn't. Calling one of the most efficient scorers in the NBA a volume shooter proves that your basketball knowledge is almost non-existent.   I know most people don't think that Harden is the problem, only Lin fans.  proves nothing. predisposing your beliefs in others writing so you can call their opinions stupid is stupid.
bobbydagreat::Actually it doesn't. Calling one of the most efficient scorers in the NBA a volume shooter proves that your basketball knowledge is almost non-existent.   I know most people don't think that Harden is the problem, only Lin fans.
rightersbloc::not everyone thinks that bobby, Harden is not the problem - I don't think most bball fans think that. I think Lin needs to adjust to the system, and Harden, and everyone else. Harden does shoot a lot of contested shots.   i am not a rockets fan, but I do watch a lot of your games because of Lin. Interesting to see where he goes. I do watch a lot of young players to see where they go. disparaging his fans though for their lack of knowledge just proves your own lacking...
bobbydagreat::I'm sure Lin fans think that. In their stupid little minds Harden is just holding Lin back from being a star player or some such nonsense. I don't think you would find any Rockets fan who thought that.
rightersbloc::almost as dumb as bobby da great. good job. and he is.
rightersbloc::bobbydagreat - He's one of, if not the most efficient player in the league....like right now. Just acknowledge this and we'll move on. Efficiency is not something Harden lacks.  Wouldn't it be better, you being a rockets fan should agree, that if Harden should rid himself of contested shots - which he did more of last night (hence the last second passes) it would be better for the team. so, if by doing that he averages less, let's say around 22 points, resulting in more points for rockets as a team and also increasing his own efficiency....hmmm...better? perhaps better than their current record.   i hope that is the way they are going. last night was good game for them. completely owned the suns.  you're not all that bobby, so don't talk like that. just by saying you are great, doesn't make you so. Pretender.
TXtdo1411::Obviously he CAN be more efficient. That being said LeBron CAN be better as well. I do believe he shoots some contested shots, but what star player doesn't? It comes with the position.
bobbydagreat::He's one of, if not the most efficient player in the league....like right now. Just acknowledge this and we'll move on. Efficiency is not something Harden lacks.
rightersbloc::bobbydagreat - LOL how could you dumb that down? Harden is averaging 26 points on 17 shots.....how is that not efficient?  IF harden is the best player on the team - which i do believe he is, it's more about shooting efficiency. there are intangibles that are just not measurable. he can be better and it will show as a team with wins.   he can be MORE efficient.
bobbydagreat::LOL how could you dumb that down? Harden is averaging 26 points on 17 shots.....how is that not efficient?
rightersbloc::bobbydagreat - You should have just said that you couldn't and that it was a stupid statement rather than making another stupid statement.  my bad for thinking you more knowledgable. next i'll be sure to dumb it down.
bobbydagreat::You should have just said that you couldn't and that it was a stupid statement rather than making another stupid statement.
rightersbloc::TXtdo1411 - Show me stats that prove he is a volume shooter. He averages 26.2 ppg on 17.1 shot attempts per game. If that isn't effieciency I don't know what is.  do your own homework.   in okc he was a JRSMith. come in and score. he played a lot like that for 40min. in houston at first. they are adjusting. he is the 1st option and so he should be, but he needs to pick and choose - done wonders for lebron. he is a great player, but he can be better for the team by being even more efficient.
TXtdo1411::Show me stats that prove he is a volume shooter. He averages 26.2 ppg on 17.1 shot attempts per game. If that isn't effieciency I don't know what is.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::all you bandwagon fans here writing a book cause Rockets won.  I think its hilarious now go back to yuor hole..
rightersbloc::you're the only one living in hole little boy.
Denzel7587::With Lin playing being allowed to play his PG role, the Rockets dominated the Suns so that by the end of the 3rd quarter Rockets victory is already secured. Same thing happened when the Rockets dominated the Mavericks. Lin playing his PG role means better ball movement and a team offense that is hard to guard. The key to Rockets victory is a good chemistry between Harden as SG and Lin as PG. Hope to see this kind of dominant game from hereon.
rightersbloc::he played well. he hit his shots outside and was willing to shoot with Dragic going under the pick, which is good. Still, props to harden for taking less contested shots. As coach karl says, better to give up a good shot for a great one. Pass the friggin ball folks. drive to the paint and kick out...you have two of the best at doing that, take advantage. this is why the rox are dangerous...almost everyone can hit the 3. Lin is around .450 on 3s. Shoot more - and as clyde says, once lin hits those a lot more...unguardable.
fred3857::Just watch the game against Bucks. Lin system dominate at 1st 8 min with 17 pts ahead,then suddenly D-MO out and played Harden iso that turn into behind.
rm90025::Watched the game on NBA league pass while working late.  Lin seemed to have more freedom to run the offense when they got behind by 5 points in the second quarter.  He had a somewhat longer sequence of possessions with the ball in his hand and it ignited the Rockets' offense to where they took control of the game and blew out Phx.  His passing was outstanding.  This year has been great for the development of his off the ball game and jump shooting game.  He can shoot it at a 40% clip or better on mid-ranges + 3's if given the opportunity based on his performance over the last 3 months.  I think he and Harden have helped each other stay durable over the course of a long season.  He has also been learning a lot about what being the 'man' means by watching how Harden scores at will and makes plays.  With Kobe hurt and Utah flailing, it's looking more likely that the Rockets will make the playoffs.  That will be a good experience for him and should help his career.   I do think he needs to take more shots.  The more shots he takes, the more he makes and the better the Rockets perform.  But he's not going to do it unless he has a clear green light from the coaching staff, which frankly, isn't always there.
february1088::Tired of this idiots comparing Lin to Dragic. They're not even comparable, Lin is way better.  They're averaging almost the same numbers but Dragic is in a team where he gets to play the point and offense, while Lin is playing on a team that doesn't let him play point guard and caters to Harden. That's really impressive on Lin's part.   If that's still not convinced you, get this: Lin has way better athleticism, defense, AND youth.
rightersbloc::boy can jump...
asian-balla::if their #'s are almost the same, then how can lin be "way better", hypocrite?  By the way, dont ever say an asian dude has better athleticism than any other race.  Not a knock cause asian the freakin smartest, but you just totally ignorant when you made that statement son.  Lin's # last night was ok, mediocre, basically typical starting PG's stat.. so dont get too carried away, i know you're a "lin only" fan, but chill.
february1088::asian-balla are you dumb?   If Lin has same stats as someone when Lin is not allowed to do crap, while Dragic is allowed to be his team's main offense/PG, then it shows how much better Lin's stats will be if he was in Dragic's role right now. Saying Asian guy cant be as athletic just shows you're really ignorant and fall to stupid stereotypes. Theres lots of athletic Asians, but you'll see way more other races because Asian culture stresses the importance of academics and rational jobs and shuns their children from becoming athletes
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::HEY BUM, READ HIS COMMENTS AGAIN!  HE SIMPLY IMPLIED THAT DESPITE HAVING SIMILAR STATS WITH DRAGIC, LIN IS TOTALLY BETTER BECAUSE HE'S NOT EVEN PLAYING TRUE PG WITH HARDEN BRINGING UP THE BALL HALF OF THE TIME.  BTW, JUST BECAUSE BLACKS FARE BETTER IN CERTAIN SPORTS, DOESN'T MEAN THEY WILL IN OTHERS.  AND YES ASIANS CAN BE ATHLETIC AS WELL SO JUST ZIP YOUR A-HOLE AND QUIT STEREOTYPING ASIANS. ;)  ALSO THE ODDS OF LANDING IN PRO SPORTS ARE 1 IN 1000000 MILLION SO ASIANS ARE NOT AS STUPID AS OTHER RACE TO GROW UP THINKING "GEE, I'M GONA BE A BASKETBALL PLAYER SOMEDAY" LOL!  OTHERWISE YOU WOULD SEE MORE SPORTS TALENT COMING FROM THE ASIAN RACE.
jalfmar29::Sometimes a good fatherly $@%-kicking gets you back on the path. Just sayin'.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::LOL I feel bad for Dragic it looks like hes thinking about his shot,, he wasnt greedy though he tok less money in phoenix he just wanted to come back to phoenix post nash era.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Ever since Brown has been benched Dragic and the suns have been losing. This is obviously a rebuilding year and its clear that Dragic wants out of phoenix.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::TOO BAD HE GOT GREEDY...AIN'T THAT A $@%!$ LOL;)
NewAges::While the Rockets get significant contributions from a wide variety of players, this team has a clear-cut top player and questionable depth. If leading scorer James Harden were to go down with an injury, this team would struggle mightily to overcome the setback.  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1566714-potential-disasters-that-could-ruin-houston-rockets-season
rightersbloc::I don't think Rox would do any worse without Harden. I still say Rox with Martin, they would be similar. Lin would just have killer numbers though(turnovers included - not a big deal imo) Still, Harden being there is better for LIN in the long run, for obvious reasons.  Harden is a volume shooter - volume shooters will win or lose you games - and the bad thing about them is that they take a lot of contested shots. To reach next level, they need to pick their shots (Lebron is doing that now and look at the guy - crazy good) I thought Harden was good last night - though dumping at the last 2 secs to your teammate to jack up a quick shot - better than jacking a contested one himself...
bobbydagreat::LOL
Denzel7587::I'm not sure about your argument. Lin led the Knicks to 7 consecutive wins without Carmelo, who is the NBA's most efficient scorer. Parsons, Motiejunas, Delfino, Smith could step-up. The Rockets are much deeper than Harden. But with Harden, this team has real chance to be this year's NBA champion. Mark my words. Excellent playmaking by Lin, efficient scoring by Harden, Parsons, and Motiejunas and dominant rebounding by Lin would make this team a real contender for the NBA championship.
Denzel7587::Dominant rebounding by Asik.
rm90025::If they lost Harden they would have to change the way they play, but they technically could replace the production.  What they would lack is a way to get easy baskets at the free throw line.
NewAges::Let's Lin run as PG and get the team contribution. This would help Harden be more effective and less chance of getting injury.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::IF ONLY LIN WAS THE LEADING BALL HANDLER, PERHAPS HARDEN COULD FINALLY PLAY SOME DEFENSE AND LOWER HIS TURNOVERS, BEING MORE EFFICIENT OVERALL;)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Lin is 24 Dragic is only 26.
NewAges::Dragic with 10 year mileage vs Lin 3 year mileage and 2 year younger .....Which car you rather ride with?
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::I WOULD TAKE ANY FAIRLY NEW CAR OVER A BEATUP VOLKSWAGON...JUST SAYING LOL;)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::the volkswagon.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::I like the morris twins I think they have a lot of potential.
H-Town Dream Shake::Royce White had a decent game today also.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::IF ONLY HE STOP BEING A CRYBABY, HE WOULD PROBABLY BE USEFUL ON THE ROCKETS;)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::IT WOULD BE AN HONOR TO FLY WITH THE ROCKETS LOL;)
H-Town Dream Shake::Exactly.
H-Town Dream Shake::Lin will come back next season better than ever with a full training camp as a healthy starter for the first time in his young career.
H-Town Dream Shake::They're just hating. We're just lucky we don't have a shoot first PG aka Westbrook. Lin will get his handling skills in given time. This kid is 24 years old.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::nah his ball handling needs to improve if he wants to be a full time pg hes really lucky he has Harden.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::I'M SURE LIN DOES NEED SOME IMPROVEMENT IN HIS HANDLING AND SHOTS BUT IT'S ANOTHER THING TO TRY TO DENY THAT THE KID HAS POTENTIAL;)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::I LIKE THE OPTIMISM AND SIMPLY CAN'T UNDERSTAND THE HATE THIS KID IS GETTING FOR BEING A FIRST TIME STARTER LOL!?  MOST CURRENT ELITE PGs DIDN'T BECOME ONE OVERNIGHT;)
rightersbloc::that's why. we don't know his ceiling, yet some talk of him as if he is already there. that is not fair to LIN. Enjoy watching him grow and see how high he can go. Even if his current state is his ceiling - good for him. he made it. He doesn't have to be 'elite' to be a success. The good thing is, he has all the intangibles, and just needs experience - AND I do believe he will be allstar level. Let's be patient and enjoy his growth. Don't feed the haters...however, I do believe comments like, LIN &gt; CP3 &gt; Lebron are spurred on by LOHs.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::This is Dragics 5th year first year of being a full tiem starter.
NewcastleFanVL::Does anyone think  Lin has a shot at getting a triple double before his current contract  ends ?
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::DOUBT IT WITH MCFAIL'S INCONSISTENT INEPT COACHING/SUBSTITIONS;)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Maybe because Harden is able to get him wid open shots.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Yea but if you watch rockets games you would KNOW LINS MAN ALWAYS GOES AND DOUBLES HARDEN ARE GAME PLAN VS THE ROCKETS WAS TO LET LIN SHOOT! IDIOT LOFS.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::IF YOU PAY ANY ATTENTION, LIN'S AVERAGING JUST 10 SHOTS PER GAME SO HIS EFFICIENCY RATINGS ARE PRETTY CLOSE TO MOST OF THE TOP PGs IN THE LEAGUE.  BTW, TEAMS DON'T ALWAYS GO DOUBLING ON HARDEN...IT'S ACTUALLY HARDEN GOING AGAINST 2-3 DEFENDERS, RESULTING IN TURNOVERS AS USUAL BECAUSE HE THINKS HE WOULD "SUPERSTAR" CALLS TO THE FT LINE;)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::WHICH CONFIRMS THE FACT THAT WHEN HARDEN IS SHARING THE BALL MORE, IT'S USUALLY A BLOWOUT LOL;)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::??????????? They doulbe harden everytime that was our strategy vs the rockets.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic aint even reached his peak hes starting to get more creative with his passes and he has a better stroke than lin which means those 3s will be improved.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::HAHA KEEP COMPARING A 3 YEAR ROOKIE STARTER TO A 10 YEAR VET AS IF IT MAKES ANY SENSE AT ALL;)
Bulls Bears Cubs::4th year pro in NBA, pro career in Europe before drafted, as most European players are, just like Rubio.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::ARE YOU DUMB?  DRAGIC'S HAD A PRO CAREER SINCE 2003;)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Are you dumb Dragic is in like his 4th year.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::1.Dragic 2.Illadipo 3.Bennet 4.Hayword 5.Gortat.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::My post are getting tiresome, but im a harden fan he went to my college, every game its lins not playing his role waaaaaaaaaaaaaaa who gives a crap. Just wait until the suns are good and the intensity picks up Dragic will be great like he was last year in houston and at the beginning of the season this year.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::FUNNY YOU'RE HATING ON LIN WHEN HE'S A PG, NOT SG.  HAHA I SEE YOU HAVE LIN PHOBIA...DON'T WORRY, LIN WON'T BE TAKING AWAY THE LIME LIGHT FROM HARDEN, THE TURNOVER MACHINE.;)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::ARE YOU BEING SELECTIVE OR JUST HAVING A BAD SHORT TERM MEMORY LOSS?  HALF OF THE WINNABLE GAMES WERE GIVEN AWAY BECAUSE HARDEN WANTED TO PLAY ISO BALL HERO AND FLOPPED;)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Do you hear yourself Harden is carrying this team. If you get Harden Reddick its 4th seed for the rockets. Also Dragic would of hit that 3 vs the heat earlier in the year.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::You guys bring up the worse points your using far fetched facts to make Lin look good. Dragic is the better pg dont take this the wrong way but anybody would tell you this any analyst on tv would tell you Dragic is the better pg im sorry. I dont care if he played bad tonight, Dragic doesnt have the intensity because hes not on a winning team. Every shot Dragic shoots could change the outcome of the game. Dragic was a 36% 3 point shooter last year and now hes 30% hes played like half the minutes lin has in the last 2 meetings. Dragic is on a terrible team. Lin has had the luxury on playing on playoff teams where the intensity is always high. Lin has alot of upside but right now Lin is not better than Dragic sorry.
Skatingseveneleven::Dragic is on a terrible team ...  OMG .... most of the current teammates of Dragic were the last year's  Roxs ..  R U really a Roxs fan ?
rm90025::Your posts are a bit tiresome.  If you actually watched the ESPN telecast of the Houston v. Golden St., Jeff Van Gundy praised Lin and said he is going to be a very solid PG in this league for a long time.  It's not that Dragic isn't a good player, but to say that he is way better than Lin is simply not the case based on any statistical or general look at their games.  They are clearly on an equal level, and Lin got to this point much more quickly than did Dragic.  Lin is statistically a more efficient player than Dragic.  He has the ball far less of the time than Dragic yet averages about the same numbers.   When Lin shoots more, he makes more and his team wins at a higher %.  He shoots 45% when taking 10 or more shots (exactly the same % as he had in NY).  He shoots 50% when taking 14 or more shots.  Houston is 10 games over .500 when he takes 10 or more shots and about 6 games under when he doesn't.  The kid can play and he is a difference maker on this Rockets team as the #2 option to Harden. You can argue that Parsons or Asik are the real #2, but the stats clearly say that Lin is an important piece of the puzzle for this year's Houston team.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::DUDE STOP RIDING DRAGIC'S NUTS.  DRAGIC HAS A 10 YEAR PRO CAREER COMPARED TO LIN'S 3 YEARS PLAYING GARBAGE MINUTES.  HE'S DOING PRETTY GOOD FOR BEING A FIRST TIME STARTER ON AN ENTIRELY NEW ROSTER AND WILL ONLY GET BETTER.  DRAGIC ON THE OTHER HAND HAS REACH HIS PEAK;)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Let me get this straight. So Harden is playing the pg role yet Harden still averages more points? Usually the pgs have a higher assist rate and your sg scores alot more. I have watched alot of rockets games his year and suns games. I think Dragic woul average 16 points and 8 assists, since hes very good off the ball and LIn on the suns would be like 14 points but there would be so many night where lin would shoot 4-14 because his jump shot is just not that consistant yet.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::ORIGINAL LOH ALERT!!!;)
mymomdunkedonyourmom::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 2-3k a month the past 3 months now just playing this systems bets. If you bet at all on sports you gotta see this system
LinHardenParsons::Clippers tail off...fall to 5th seed...get knocked out by Denver in 1st round.  Lakers miss playoffs with Kobe being injured.  Dwight signs with Houston as a free agent.  Houston trades Lin, Asik and draft picks to the Clippers for Chris Paul. CP3 Harden Parsons Dmo Dwight
Bulls Bears Cubs::Dwight will stay as a Laker, why abandon LA for Houston?  CP is doing well in LA, no way Clip will trade him.  Dream on...
Skatingseveneleven::Yea very good , perfect the lineup -allstar lineup !!  Just like the current Lakers ....
hookem5746::What drugs are you on?
bernard8504::That must be in your dreams
bobbydagreat::LOL, no chance.
bobbydagreat::Nope, literally 0 chance.
LinHardenParsons::NO chance?  There's a little chance....just a little?!?!?  :)
nbafanatic69::so latest news is that lin's on his way out to utah , huh?  what would they get for him, hayward and a few basketballs?  hope lin enjoys his new team.  seems the poor kid is gonna get moved around again...
Denzel7587::It doesn't matter. No matter the odds, you cannot put a good man down!  Go, Lin !
Bulls Bears Cubs::LOL, how do get this trade rumor, nbafanatic69?  You made it up?  Trade deadline is over a month ago.  Even if Houston want to trade Lin, they wont leak it out now and discuss with any team until the season is over.  You made up a good rumor, but no one really believed you.
Skatingseveneleven::Yea I just got  firm news that Lin will be 100% traded to somewhere else
Thompson1871::Lin is a legit Point Guard. given a right setting, he will thrive like he did in New York. If his team mates are selfish and decide not to move the ball around him. Well, he will just have to be content with averaging somewhere around 17pts a game.   Let Lin go to Washington or Portland or Hornets. He doesn't need Houston. Be it.
Selvin4715::Huh? what news? source/
bobbydagreat::Nothing legitimate.
bobbydagreat::He would go to Utah but then Randy Foye and Tyrone Corbin would just hold him back.
Selvin4715::How about that motha fufa Moteijunas lol. Good game
LinHardenParsons::Yeah, but he's not deferring to Jeremy Lin.  Without Lin playing, Donatas would have sucked and the Rockets would have lost by 40.
bobbydagreat::That's why I block them.
LinHardenParsons::Just the Lin only fans.  They are so ignorant of basketball, they don't even realize how ignorant they are.  Its comical.
Selvin4715::Ah i see, you are that person that was trolling on Lin hard that other day.
bobbydagreat::Yup, that's pretty much what Lin fans have been saying all year. I mean, he would be that good if it wasn't for McHale and Harden holding him back LOL
LinHardenParsons::Not only that, Lin is the MVP.  Screw Lebron...he sucks too.
Selvin4715::um..ok
bobbydagreat::Yeah, the team got a little bit of confidence in him and he didn't let them down.
bobbydagreat::That is a good point, the Suns don't really have any PF's, it'll be interesting to see if he can keep up the high level of  play.
Selvin4715::It was the Suns, but he has been pretty consistent all year.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::We hear this every game harden playing the pg role. Well gues what the rockets are what in 6th place it doesnt matter who cares. Lin should get traded to the jazz for hayward.
bobbydagreat::Lin won't get traded, he has a fairly bright future. Unfortunately Rockets fans will just have to put up with his moronic fanbase for the foreseeable future.
Denzel7587::A moronic fanbase that uses data to support their arguments. You can't even give me an evidence to support your points. You're a moron!
Denzel7587::Last two games against the Mavs: 1st game with Lin being allowed to play the PG role, the Rockets dominated. 2nd game: Harden usurped the PG role, the Rockets lost in a close game.  Last two games the Suns: 1st game with Harden continuing to play as the PG, the Rockets lost. Harden not playing too much of a PG, the Rockets dominate.   Lin was being allowed to play as the team's PG in most of the games where the Rockets dominated other teams. Why is Lin's place in the Rockets still being questioned, sidelined from time to time.
m_gunners::i agree with you...for me having watch every Rockets game this season,Lin has had a decent season so far but it could have been better if Rockets had a coach who could instill more confidence in him rather then pour negativity..benching him when he gets hot is just one of them......the Frankenstein looking coach gotta go!!!
NewcastleFanVL::"Frankenstein looking"  Hahahaha...!!!!
bobbydagreat::Ok, I've put up with your stupidity as long as I plan on it. Goodbye.   http://i159.photobucket.com/albums/t141/zhinokin/BANNED.gif
Denzel7587::I give you evidence of what I'm saying and you just dismiss me. LOL. A hater can't stand the heat of arguments well reasoned and backed up by evidence. Good riddance!
LinHardenParsons::Jeremy Lin is a young player in essentially his first full NBA campaign.  No real NBA analyst would state he's even in the top 25 players in the league.  James Harden is considered a top 10...arguably top 5 NBA talent and there is even some MVP consideration taking place.  Lin fans, I like Jeremy a lot, but he needs to defer to Harden and figure out how to complement him, not the other way around.
bocabenny33433::It's not a matter of deferring to harden ... no matter what superstar you are (and I agree Harden is at that level) it's playing right.  What if Dwight Howard played point?  What if Kobe played center?  What if Michael Jordan always went 1 against 3?  Lin plays right ... he helps out teammates on defense, though I think he does it too much at times.
LinHardenParsons::How many NBA finals games has Lin played in?  How many has Harden?  Geez you guys are just ignorant about basketball.
Jackiemoonsexy::How many games Harden disappeared in those finals games?
Denzel7587::I believe Lin has done already enough to defer to Harden, but Harden is disrespecting Lin by usurping the PG role for himself. The team suffers when Harden tries to act as the team's PG.
Denzel7587::Is it asking too much for Lin, hired by the Rockets management to play as a PG, to be allowed to play his PG role? Is that too much to ask when the games the Rockets dominated other teams featured Lin as the team's PG, not Harden. When you say deferring to Harden, does it mean tolerating Harden even if he usurps the PG role in which is not as good as Lin.
Jackiemoonsexy::Linsanity can happen again anytime, who knows?
bobbydagreat::It's bad that this even has to be said.
NewcastleFanVL::If DMo pans out, all Morey gotta do is to just sign Howard( eventhough I'm not a fan of his) and we'll be contending in a serious way next season.
Denzel7587::DMo will pan out. Give him time and exposure he'll be one of NBA's top 10 scorers. He's ranked 26 of 503 players in scoring efficiency. Really lots of potential as a good contributor to the Rockets.
LinHardenParsons::LOL....slow down there son.  I like DMo a lot, but lets get more than 3 weeks of game action in before we annoit him the future PF of this team.
february1088::If Mchale wants to drive his offense through Harden-PG every game, Rockets should trade Lin away and acquire a good shooting PG like Curry. I'm a Lin fan, but his shooting has been shaky recently, and his strengths lie in playmaking and penetration. The way Houston is using Lin now to camp at 3s, it's wasting Lin's talent and not maximizing Rockets offense.
19Houston75::Let me see if I understand what you're saying. You're saying that the highest scoring team in the NBA is not maximizing it's assets?  How stupid can you lofs actually be?
01.02.2013::Curry? Why not get LBJ?
01.02.2013::01.02.2013 - Curry? Why not get LBJ?  GSW will NOT LET GO OF CURRY.
Denzel7587::A good shooting PG combined with Harden would be a disaster. Houston needs Lin who is an excellent in playmaking.
Jackiemoonsexy::If only McHale unleashed Lin like in this game, Rockets will be making noise in the playoffs
19Houston75::Lin played the same and was used the same in this game as he was used in the loss on Saturday. The difference tonight, the Rockets rebounded and played some defense.
Denzel7587::The difference: Harden did not usurp the PG role.
Denzel7587::This is not only the time that McHale somehow unleashed Lin. Check the other games where the Rockets were dominant. There is one consistent pattern in those dominant wins--lin is playing more as the team's PG, not harden.
bobbydagreat::LOL
bobbydagreat::"I think Morrey made an error in acquiring Thomas Robinson and trading away Toney Douglass, Patrick Patterson and Marcus Morris."   I'm surprised that people would still say things like this, and not know how to spell the Rockets GM's name correctly. SMH
01.02.2013::2Pat started for Cousins went 6-7 shooting w/ 9 boards in 20 mins.   Sac killed bulls by 40 points.   TROB may develop into a good player but he may take some time.
LinHardenParsons::Everyone acknowledges this.  But players don't play in 1 year vacumns.  Guess how well 2Pat played in his rookie season?
bobbydagreat::Well that's fine, but the decision to sell high on Patterson was a brilliant move especially since Patterson isn't as good as DMo.
01.02.2013::Right now,  2Pat &gt; TRob  TRob might become a better player than 2Pat next season, but not right now.
bobbydagreat::LOL, whatever you say kid.
Denzel7587::Bobbydagreat, your reasoning is stupid.
bobbydagreat::Yes, but they weren't exactly playing like themselves tonight now were they?
01.02.2013::bobbydagreat - That says more about how poorly the Bulls played than anything else.  Shooting 6 for 7 against the front court of noah and deng is pretty good
bobbydagreat::That says more about how poorly the Bulls played than anything else.
Denzel7587::Present potential based on actual statistics is a better indicator than some imagined future potential.
bobbydagreat::A small sample in a rookie season isn't worth all that much.
Denzel7587::At least my comment is based on the analysis of the NBA players' stats. And this I can tell you: Robinsons belongs to the Top 30 in the league in terms of total rebounds/total minutes played. But atrocious ranking in scoring efficiency--350 of 503 players. What kind of potential are you referring to?
bobbydagreat::He's also a rookie....not to mention that a PF who is great at rebounding and good defensively will always have a spot in the NBA. He has more upside than all of the players the Rockets ditched in trades this year combined.
Denzel7587::A wrong spelling is a forgiveable mistake. A wrong decision is not.
NewAges::When LOHs are running out of arguments, they start checking spelling.....It happens all the time.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, and a foolish comment with a spelling mistake is worse that a foolish comment by itself. Trading a scrub PG, a scrub center and a scrub PF for a guy with Robinson's potential is a steal. Just like trading a scrub PF for a 2nd rounder.   You have to try pretty hard to figure out a way that those trades weren't really really good for the Rockets.
NewAges::As a team leader , Harden should tell the coach to let Lin play his role as PG. This way the whole team can contribute and it is harder for opponents to defend than Harden iso game.   It is a simple logic that it is harder to defend against 5 players than one player. It would also help Harden less risk of getting injury....Like Melo, Kobe
19Houston75::Without Harden, the Rockets wouldn't have 20 wins this season. He needs to keep disrespecting Lin.
Denzel7587::Harden's tendency to overplay (usurping the PG role) undermines the Rockets. And the coach is tolerating him. That's what you call bad coaching when an excellent scorer is being allowed to also play the PG role in which he is not as good as Lin or Beaverly.
Denzel7587::The Rockets dominate again! Why?
Denzel7587::The ball should circulate well. That often happens when Lin is being allowed to play the PG  role. The ball gets sticky when Harden usurps the PG role. The most important result is the stats of Harden, Lin, Parsons, etc. but the team results. Even if Harden scores 40 + points a game, if the Rocket loses, it's a useless result. Lin's strength is in team basketball, harden isolation plays.
Denzel7587::Pointing a fact is hating? check for yourself. I only hate Harden's playing the PG role, but i absolutely love his excellent scoring efficiency. I'm a Lin fan, but I'm not a fan of Lin's scoring efficiency but in his excellent playmaking abilities as a PG. Combine the strengths of Harden and Lin and the Rockets would become an elite NBA team.
bobbydagreat::So you don't hate his results, just the way he gets them? LOL. The team works best when the ball is run through several players, that means that sometimes Lin will have to take a backseat. That's just how it is. I don't see why there should be a problem as long as it results in winning basketball.
fred3857::But when they played more Lin system than Harden iso game,the wining percentage is higher.
bobbydagreat::It's obvious, they are a young team and they are inconsistent. When they are on top of their game they can beat anyone, when they are off, they can't really beat anyone.
bobbydagreat::Whatever you say. I get that you Lin fans hate Harden and I'm not even going to argue with you people.
Denzel7587::Common factor in those dominant wins: Harden does usurp the PG role, leading to better ball movement and freeing up the potential of other Rockets players. Check the past games.
Denzel7587::And in the other games where the Rockets dominate other teams, the question is why???
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic has been playing like this lately. Does he want a trade? Also Lin will be a nba star. Like steve nash said players like LIN WILL MAKE IT IN THIS LEAGUE. Also Kendall Marshall is a really good passer who else thought so.
NewAges::Lin's intangible asset is making his team play better offensively. When Lin Plays as PG, the Rocket s lead. We can see the statistic in today game  Second qtr 7:52    34-34 Jeremy Lin enters the game for Patrick Beverley (even score) 0:03	45-58	Carlos Delfino enters the game for Omer Asik (Rocket lead) 0:03	P.J. Tucker enters the game for Jermaine O'Neal	45-58 (Rocket lead)	  0:00	End of the 2nd Quarter  third qtr 3:47  56-78	Patrick Beverley enters the game for Jeremy Lin (Rocket lead)
vonsteve6868::Funny thing. All this talk about Royce, T-Rob, T. Jones, Patterson, Morris, some giant possible PF pick up. And in the end, there's a decent chance DMo will end up being our long-term starting PF.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I'd be just fine with Dmo as the PF.  In fact, all the starters (Lin, Harden, Parsons, Dmo, Asik) look fine to me.  Many teams would be envious having such a talented young core.  They can build from this strong foundation.
Denzel7587::Makes you wonder why it took some time before Motiejunas was used as a starting PF. Motiejuas is in the NBA's top 30 in scoring efficiency (Parsons 150/503 players and Lin at 187/503).
bobbydagreat::Because if they had put him as the starting PF they wouldn't have gotten anything for Patterson or Morris.
bobbydagreat::I think it's a pretty good chance. DMo has skills.
Jackiemoonsexy::Lin is superb
Dawan208::So was D-Mo who played better than Harden.
bobbydagreat::LOL
vonsteve6868::He definitely was tonight. The stats don't tell the full story.
m_gunners::a good win for the Rockets as they badly needed it but let's face it,it was the Suns....i am still not convinced that Mchale is the right coach having watched every Rockets game this season.6 upcoming homegames will tell us a bigger picture...if the Rockets do drop another game with lowly team then i believe Mchale should go....
vonsteve6868::Just forget it. He is 100% guaranteed to return next season. No matter how much you hope for a change.
mymomdunkedonyourmom::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 2-3k a month the past 3 months now just playing this systems bets
