Rip City Forever::Irving ain't got no dimes
doggbrown1::but he did shoot 5-16 from the floor with 6 turnovers.  espn analyst jocking this kids balls. he's not THAT good.
JohnsonnnL::The Cavs need to start showing more improvement because right now they aren't show much.
Rip City Forever::Aka they suck
Soarin221::Lance Stephenson.  REPPING BROOKLYN
JollySwagman28::I'm very impressed with how much he has matured as a person and a player.
scottsvb1::Fire Scott... they don't play for him.. I dont want to hear about injuries.each team has them...  Gee Sucks Waiters needs to go back to College Team needs to play better defense (no thanks to Gee again)
yata-9arasu::Good game Pacers!  Nice game by Thompson and Irving without that rebounding hog Varejao!  Lol.  GO CAVS!!!
YenxRenx::Yata!!!.....Haven't seen you running your BIG MOUTH about the cavs being the best in the league, lately. guess you're learning that the Cavs suck and Kyrie Sucks and Anderson Vaginao Sucks!!!!
Rexanilatorz::GERALD GREEN FINALLY LOOKING LIKE A TRUE 6TH MAN!!
GolovchenkoMSU::Can somebody explain what a "Pacer" actually is?
spartan5331::the Pacers nickname has two origins. one from race horses and the other is from the "Pace" Car at the Indy 500.   http://www.nba.com/pacers/history/pacers_name_history.html
JollySwagman28::A racehorse
DeerandBeer94::I hate the Pacers
Taco with a Q::Good story bro, go hate somewhere else
ChicagoSingh::This game qualified as the most boring game of the year.
kmnacke::Have you seen the dunk green had?  You kids from chicago just love to hate for the sake of hatin
Taco with a Q::Your opinion qualifed for the most irrelevent one for the year
Taco with a Q::Celtics lost again!   I knew Ray Allen leaving would hurt them but this badly???  woweee
zachzach2020::As long as Cav fans accept a crappy team, Dan Gilbert will continue to give them a crappy team.
Boris_Paps7296::Draft the best nba team under the salary cap:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-entry2
duttybibs31::OK GOOD NIGHT everyone it was a good game i am about to watch dallas to see how collison doing there see you guys tomorrow
ChicagoSingh::Once again, the Central Division is a grab-bag for Chicago.
duttybibs31::that means u all win the title what does it really mean u all getting the o brien trophy?
Taco with a Q::Nah, Pacers will win it
Sam58548::Mark Sanchez&gt;Byron Scott
Taco with a Q::Knicks put up 45 against the Bulls in the 4th and still lost!!  Pacers should be taking over the D rank over Chi tonight now
DrawohWasHere::Tristan Thompson was the only bright spot in tonight's game for Cavalier fans.
duttybibs31::THANK YOU blue collar GOLD SWAGGER WE WORK HARD
DrawohWasHere::However, as a Cavalier fan, it's fun to watch this Pacer team.   Very good passing team.   Very unselfish.    Also very good underneath in the paint.   Best wishes to the Pacers and their fans.
Taco with a Q::Thank you!  And good luck to you guys as well
duttybibs31::boston game is close though i am just looking to see who win i dont know who i want though
orange_63::cavs have no fight, seemingly they are not improving..............nice work scott, grant, gilbert
Taco with a Q::A technical = maybe cost 1 point A sprained ankle = maybe miss a game or two Gerald Green dunking over 2 Cavs = PRICELESS!!!!
duttybibs31::TOP TEN at the end of the year
AdShizzlack::I'm very aroused!
AdShizzlack::Merry Xmas Pacers fans, I bloody love each and every one of you!
duttybibs31::merry xmas to you too and all of the pacers fans we in this together GOLD SWAGGER
Taco with a Q::Lets do it in NOH tomorrow night boys!!!
duttybibs31::k
Taco with a Q::k
duttybibs31::GOOD i will see u in this room like every game then
Taco with a Q::If IM here during a game, then that means Im at work.  Im not always in here tho but I usually am
duttybibs31::I HOPE WE BEAT THEM TOMORROW so bad taco u does follow the pacers game?
Taco with a Q::I watch almost every game, had season tix from 04-09
duttybibs31::THATS MY PACERS goooooooooooo INDY
georgiahoosier40::Pacers are just solid. Not centered around 1 player. Just work great together as a team. Glad to see Hibbert getting it going though
AdShizzlack::Offense isn't as brutal as it was, defence has been great all season
Sam58548::Byron Scott is easily the worst coach in the NBA. He has 3 top 10 picks in the the last two years and Varejao playing his best ball ever...and he still coaches them to 5 wins in 28 games...are you kidding me? Cavs fans want more lottery picks....why? Byron Scott obviously doesnt know what to do with them...
DrawohWasHere::Who else do you think could guide this bunch to a better record... besides Phil Jackson?
allwedoiswingames::who will have a better record the wizards or cavs?
MasterOfLogic::Wizards, wait til Wall comes back.
AdShizzlack::Plenty of home games left and surely they make some moves later and spend some cash
AdShizzlack::Cavs easy
colts8733::15-12, starting to find our rthym, 16-12 is our goal now
allwedoiswingames::when u play the cavs with byron scott u should have a rthym of wins goin
allwedoiswingames::at least we aren't the knicks tonight
AdShizzlack::Under gets home
Taco with a Q::Idk if I want the Bucks or Celtics to win the OT game
allwedoiswingames::how many wins will the cavs get this year?
orange_63::&lt; 10
Sam58548::20 is a close call
orange_63::how nice that no trolls attacked the cavs board tonight...........means we really must suck
Taco with a Q::Pacers fans are pretty classy
FadeBackShoot2Points::lol
Sam58548::Byron Scott is destroying the top 10 picks the Cavs got...and they have 3 of them in the last two years. Byron Scott is a joke. You think Irving wants to stay around for this with Scott?
orange_63::irving has to be having second thoughts
Sam58548::He is under contract but he is not liking this at all.
leo9212::nooo i want us to score 100 u bums
allwedoiswingames::write dan gilbert a letter and say in big letters FIRE SCOTT at least shurmur improved as the season went on
colts8733::is Vogel mad at Augustin or something, not putting him in
7810Michael::hes on the block
Taco with a Q::Doesnt mean he's done
7810Michael::hes done in indy
Taco with a Q::No he's not
Sam58548::Seriously...how do you not fire Byron Scott? He's into his 3rd year and his record is something like 48-118...that is sick. Dont care who you are. Only in Cleveland do they want to keep a coach like that.
ptglj517::pacers front line goes deeeeep.  kinda nice knowing the defense will show up every night.
hoops 112hoping::idk what's up with kyrie...
allwedoiswingames::varejao isnt there
allwedoiswingames::can the cavs win another game??  with scott = nope with mike brown = yeah maybe  like if u agree
orange_63::you might get some defense with brown........
TimmyHardawayJr10::Are we about to score 100 two games in a row
leo9212::We are going to score 100 lets doo ittt
orange_63::cavs need delonte west again............teach these young players a thing or two
leo9212::too busy with lebrons mom lol
152Dean::pretty funny huh?
AdShizzlack::Great scoring balance from Indy tonight
-Cavsfancavsfan-::these cavs are killing me!!! i watch them to watch Kyrie but it's so obnoxious to deal with scott's rotation and their mediocre players! it's killing me. On a better team Kyrie would be scoring well AND dishing out double digit assists every night.
7810Michael::knicks are terrible too old
allwedoiswingames::do u think scott or shurmur will go first #RealThought
orange_63::shurmur
leo9212::Stevenson is scoring like no 2mrw
Kyrubio::cavs tryin to play streetball, see no organization whatsoever
Taco with a Q::Wow the Knicks sure laid an egg tonight against the Bulls
