ftcoach44::Remember Phil dumped Jerry West......so it was payback time by Jerry Buss.
hatchkelsocross::Is there a way we can petition for Steve Blake to not play anymore?
swooshfiend::I'll be the first signature for real!
KnixTix::REGGIE EVANS IS A BONA FIDE FLOPPER!  Just go ahead and write that check man for flopping on Artest, after you received your freebie warning for flopping in that Boston game last weekend.  What a jerk!  Here's a guy that was the 1st player featured on the league's video of what constitutes a flop, and now he'll be ridiculed on the media outlets for being the 1st to pay up!!!.  #CHEATER!!!
KnixTix::Remember when Avery Johnson said the Nets don’t have to worry about the new flopping rules because the Nets don’t flop?  #LIAR!!!
StopDeletingMyAccountMods::Do you think the game will start with a Pau 17 footer?
-LOS LAKERS::The good ol' 17 foot pick &amp; pop. Works every time
-LOS LAKERS::Good win. Next.
EL P0LL0 L0C0::shaq needed kobe for those rings. He couldnt do it in Orlando or in LA before Kobe got drafted. ______________________________  Lakers fans are always the smartest and most intelligent posters in any online forum.
Mightymoose02::According to the latest results, California owns in Science sections of standardized tests, but we can't read. lol
philipsballs::Shaq 4 rings Kobe 5 rings
StopDeletingMyAccountMods::I am pretty sure Kobe came on board before Shaq...and he was drafted by one of those looooser east coast teams...I dont even think they exist now...maybe you were using sarcasm.
Mightymoose02::I wouldn't even consider Kobe being drafted by the Hornets. Kobe basically forced himself out and the Lakers offered a very enticing deal. Vlade Divac was a top center at that time.
Yungdubz27::Yes, we are!
so big she asked how much my D wade::when nash gets back every starter will be capable of scoring 15+ a night. 3 of those 5 are easily capable of getting 20+ if the opportunities are there.
Ceequel91::When Nash gets back, he should play with the bench. Make them be more productive. The starters are gonna get their points no matter waht
Minnie Mantlez::Bernie Bickerstaff is dead  Long live Bernie Bickerstaff.
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Platinum::Refs edge nets. lakers did nothing
mike etheridge::Kobe getting any shot he wants above 50% field goals D12 dominating inside &amp; gasol showed up last nite if this continues plus Nash on the horizon WATCH OUT
mike etheridge::agree with that  i say Antoni's style of play will help bench get better shots than they got under Brown
xmanfolife::Need bench help....otherwise those guys r gonna b out of gas at the end of games.
NBASPORTSFAN101::bench will be OK. just some players are cold and they arent clicking just yet but give it some time
NBASPORTSFAN101::World peace has been on fire. last 5 games hes shot 47% FG and 42% 3pt on 17ppg. add to that 5 reb and 1.5 steals per game
xmanfolife::Love what coach did by keeping Howard n the game late to force him to make free throws....Phil did the same thing w/ Shaq.   Could've cost the Lakers the game but Howard's a pro &amp; one of the faces of the franchise....let him go through the embarassment of clanking....it'll only make him stronger at the line.....we've already seen him at his worst.  All he can do is get better......
socialsatyr11::Best teams in Los Angeles in order:  1. The Los Angeles Clippers 2. The Los Angeles Dodgers 3. The Los Angeles Sparks 4. Any local high school basketball team 4. My Saturday morning open run games (featuring AC Green, Lamond Murray &amp; sometimes, Jalen Rose) 6. The Los Angeles Lakers
mike etheridge::Real clips fans KNOW better than to go talkin smack the BANNERS that HANG in OUR HOUSE keep them in CHECK
mike etheridge::ha u got jokes which is what your whole post was small sample size to go giving Clips LA same thing i heard last season how did that play out?
socialsatyr11::2012. How's it working out?
mike etheridge::no one responded to this garbage post lol Clips are good i take nothing from them but the Lakers ARE LA FOOL
socialsatyr11::Don't look now genius, but you responded.
xmanfolife::Get off the chat line......this board is for grown folks.  Lakers have owned LA for yrs.....they have to b beat first by the Clippers for it to b a contest.
xmanfolife::Then get out of the Lakers building buddy........get your own for a change.....or better yet go back to San Diego or cross town to Anaheim....got a nice building all to yourself....for a change.
socialsatyr11::Grown man here. This is 2012. If you wan to reminisce - go listen to a boys II men song - the Clippers are better than the Lakers.  Sorry to break your heart GROWN MAN.
xmanfolife::Biggest obstacle for the coach is to get production off that bench......they get any kind of bench help..... start fitting them for rings.
Dr_Ronix::A 35 year old leading the League in scoring?  the young pups are getting schooled.
RogerBraun::When is Dwight going to sabotage D'Antoni?
ChrisLA2010::craaaaaaazy, first 5 games Lakers playing the worst basketball i've seen in a while; lakers haters were on these boards non-stop having a good ol' time as if we were gunna play that bad all season! zinbay area, infinesammy, dale and a few others... last 6 games Lakers looking a little better starting to gel; haven't heard a peep from some of those cats... lmao
lakeshow8424::Amist all the early-season drama and injuries, the Lakers have managed to go 6-5.
Kobe__System24::Lakers rule!
tripleteamthreat::I've yet to watch a Laker game this year.  I'm waiting for Dec. 7 @ OKC.  That should be a good barometer of the Lakers progress through the first quarter of the season, as well as Kobe's possible 30,000 point scored.  Should be a good early season game!
RatedR::The officiating in the last two minutes of that game was atrocious. The last two fouls called for Kobe on the Nets were laughable. He got his shot rejected and they bailed him out with a foul call. The previous play the defender stood straight with his hands up and Kobe leaned into him and got the call. That is why the NBA is a joke of a league.
omar_nunez::The problem is that the Humphries foul is what broke the Nets back. They played great defense for 23 seconds only to have the refs bail Kobe out and give the Lakers the win. When you couple that call with the non-calls of goaltending by Howard on the shot by Williams and the non call on the foul by Howard on the Lopez putback, that is a lot for the Nets to overcome.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::But what you have blocked out of your mind is the 3 striaght fouls Dwill got earlier in the game, where the Laker defender barely touch him.  You suffer from selective memory.
Yungdubz27::The Humphries foul was suspect. But the Blatche call (I think it was him) leaned into Kobe with his chest..that is a foul by NBA standard
ShiloInn1985::That's funny. I remember about 5-6 instances in the last 3 games alone where Bryant was brutally hacked, scored anyways, and no and-1 was called. Not even counting the times he was fouled and didn't score. Guess it's all about which side you are rooting for and how you see things. But for the record~ Kobe has never recieved the star treatment on fouls that every guy with his skillset has received. You can take that to the bank.
omar_nunez::You must be kidding right, if anyone even looks at him the wrong way it's a foul.
oblique15::yeah unless your the Lakers or Heat you better do 10x better if you want to win
RatedR::For entertainment just like wrestling.
bankerelm::why are you watching it then?
Kobe6rings2013::i told u the nets were garbage
HeyB00B00::Laker fans still wish Lakers would have kept Bynum?  no way he would have flourished in this offensive system
jcmaggi::um, no, just for the simple fact that he just injured his knee bowling (not a good sign for career longevity)
jcmaggi::The Hack-A-Howard strategy worked to the Lakers advantage last night. The Lakers' big gaping flaw on defense is their transition D. That's why a lot of people wanted PJ back, the triangle stresses balance meaning you always have guys ready to get back on D whereas D'Antoni's up tempo offense sometimes leaves the Lakers with 3-4 guys under the basket so if the other team can get it in play quickly, Lakers are beat going the other way. By fouling Howard, teams allow the Lakers to set up their D (of course, he needs to shoot at minimum 50% to make it worth the while) which is why the Nets were so atrocious on offense in the 4th quarter
tripleteamthreat::Shaq was able to make back to back FTs during the playoffs.  I don't think DH will.
jrtall3n7::If I was a Laker fan I'd be real worried about Dwight and his laughing about missing free throws. I don't think the Laker fans were laughing.
jcmaggi::With guys like dwight and Shaq, there's nothing to do but accept the fac that they're going to miss tons of free throws. It's their major gaping flaw. You have to take the flaws with the ton of good you get.
xXLil_Haze24Xx::Yeah thats his only flaw...but we had shaq so we are use to it
Lakermagicshowtime::Those Nets are a nice team but if it wasnt for the horrid ft shooting the lakers would had won this game by double digits without our starting pg and his back up. Defense was stellar on the second half
The Laker Hater Rises::Lakers barely got away with this one.  It's not like they beat the New York Knicks which they won't.
ShiloInn1985::Knicks fans are enjoying their championship in November. Can't fault em'.  Cuz they sure as hell won't be celebrating one come June.
oblique15::you say that like the Knicks are champs lol
THE-GOD-FATHER_1::NYK LMAO
piper at the gates of dawn::yea no way they beat the knicks!!...................    hahahaha
ohio herd::"Man I sure wish I could know what it is like to play in the second round of the playoffs"~ marshmello melo
ohio herd::If I were a Knick fan, you know the franchise that always gets it butt whipped in the first round( assuming they make the playoffs which is an unusual event) I would not be on a board talking smack about the most sucessful franchise in the NBA!
ohio herd::not as a knick
Rkingofqueens::SO? bad joke, now you have nothing to say lmaoo
piper at the gates of dawn::he does
EL P0LL0 L0C0::Why are the Lakers such a huge joke?
THE-GOD-FATHER_1::Dude on Kobe dick and lakers dick
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::EL DOOSHO BAGGO
piper at the gates of dawn::because u dont know any better
piper at the gates of dawn::the lakers and the referees made sure that brooklyn would win... but they still lost
ohio herd::Knicks are like your annoying little step brother. Does any Laker fan really care about that loser of a franchise? I mean who would waste time looking at their team page? Now go away little trolls before we step on you like a little bug!
nuttinlikedaCUSE::ohio herd - Knicks are like your annoying little step brother. Does any Laker fan really care about that loser of a franchise? I mean who would waste time looking at their team page? Now go away little trolls before we step on you like a little bug!  U mad? "Now go away little trolls before we step on you like a little bug!" i bet that comment struck fear into someones heart....no wait this is the internet.
numb1lakefanespn::if it wasnt for the 30 missed free throws this should have been a blow out
theflyeststar::the refs cheated the nets so bad last night, gave the game to the lakers, i'm not a nets fan just calling a spade a spade
jakpovon::Yea..how did the ref cheated the Nets?
maxpower8421::How?
piper at the gates of dawn::ur funny
nowayjose4Twenty::Are the Nets so disrespected that a bunch of Knicks fans (and Knick haters) have to join in on this Nets/Lakers thread? Are you that scared that the Nets will become the #1 team in the Apple?
3stacks7.0::I fully expect Amare &amp; MarshMelo to get into a fight over the ball one game...with Jr. Smith yelling "I got winner" from the sidelines
MudrunnerVA3::Put together a string of losses (which will come) and Knicks fans will be in "Oh s hit" mode.
ohio herd::give it a few more weeks and things will get back to normal for the knicks One and Done 2012!
yourmothersmustache::Thats like saying the sky is blue.  Every team will have a rough stretch at one point during the year.  Bottom line is there are 73 games left, if the Knicks went 37-36 (which even you haters know is well below what will actually happen) they win 45 games.  people need to realize that they sound like lunatics.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::that would be too much work for trolls
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::not really.  8-1 is a pretty nice buffer
Jlv2012::Knicks will be 81-1!
Jlv2012::Knicks w/out Amare: Eastern Conference Finals Knicks w Amare: 1st round
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Knicks with Amare (before Melo):  Most consecutive 30ppg's in Knicks history...
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'm not saying they would've won a ring or anything, I'm saying prior to the trade, Amare was an MVP candidate
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::@ Rodneycash we don't know where it got them, because they traded for Melo before the season eneded.  And it wasn't like they traded 1 or 2 irrelevant pieces, they got rid of 2 starters
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'd recommend actually seeing what they do this yr first.  This is the first offseason that they've actually had together.  This is also the first time they've had a legit starting and backup PG tandem.
rodneycash2008::look where that got them
Jlv2012::one or the other needs to go.  I would recommend trading amare.
MudrunnerVA3::Fire extinguishers all around this great country agree.
3stacks7.0::The Knicks do realize that Amare is coming back, right??
rodneycash2008::they are trying to ignore that.
Jlv2012::Bless Antoni, the only undefeated coach in Laker history.
bankerelm::knicks fans think the knicks will win a champioship. HAHAHAHAHAHA
BAYERNISTA MONI::talk to me when the knicks get passed the first round.....
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Hey Knick fans remember the year 1999?? That was the last time you guys were relevant
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::The Knicks lost a lot of winnable games that could have had them face the pacers in the 1st round instead of the Heat
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::The Celts went to the ECF in 2002 so ur comment is invalid
yourmothersmustache::The Celtics and fat Antoine Walker sucked and you know it.  They never had any chance of winning anything.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::No Wilcox Green or Bradley and plus Pierce was hurt and struggling
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::so how many starters?  Chandler was hurt for us too.  So really Melo was our Only starter healthy
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::In he first round
yourmothersmustache::Whats relevant mean to you?  Cause we were a playoff team the last two years.  Teams coming out of horrible ownership and poor management have to take steps.  made the playoofs 2 years ago - swept, made the playoffs last year - managed to at least win a game.  This year they take the next step.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::its not a bust if we made it back to the playoffs.  If we got swept with all of our starters in, then maybe.  At the end of the day, we lost to the same team that.....wait for it.....The Celtics blew a 3-2 lead to, and lost as well
yourmothersmustache::Celts_Mavs_Red Sox - 2011 was not a good year for Knick fans at all and 2012 was just a BUST of a season for Knick fans  YOu Celtics fans make me laugh.  Maybe youre too young but as my memory goes you guys were terrible post Bird years until you got KG and Ray to play along side Peirce.  Celts were just as "irrelevant" as you claim the Knicks have been and for just as long.  But its impossible for us to ever have success right?  Only the C's can be awful for over a decade and then be good again right?
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::2011 was not a good year for Knick fans at all and 2012 was just a BUST of a season for Knick fans
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Hey Celtics fans, remember when we actually thought you were the 2nd best team in the East?  ...You should because it wasn't that long ago.  That was before we actually saw you play tho, so...
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::without 2 starters again.  Funny how whenever we lose its because our starters are out.  What's the Cetics excuse for losing to a Heat team that they were actually up 3-2 on?
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::last yr, and a lot of people thought this yr too...until the season actually started, and you got to see how inconsistent they'll be this season
rodneycash2008::Dont use the "C" word.  That's disrespectful.
bankerelm::Celtics are coming back. Dont let their current record fool you
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Knicks got swept at the garden not so long ago
MudrunnerVA3::I would say the C's were the 2nd best team in the EAST last year.
MudrunnerVA3::Even when the Knicks WERE good they still couldn't win it all.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::The Wizards are god awful
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::and the Celtics almost lost to them this yr
BAYERNISTA MONI::WHY ARE THEERE KNICK FANS IN HERE...KNICKS ARE IRELEVANT AS FAR AS IM CONCERNED.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::and if BAYERNISTA MONI says it, it has to be true....
yourmothersmustache::You wrote that in all caps and still no one cares what you have to say
MudrunnerVA3::Because they secretly follow the Nets. Just in case they have to switch teams.
yourmothersmustache::The real reason is we hate the Nets.  No Knicks fans "Switched teams" saying that is the pinnacle of ignorance.  BK Nets fans are all hipsters who think the uni's look cool.  Period.
rodneycash2008::agreed!
MudrunnerVA3::Bulls had best Regular season record last 2 years too.
rodneycash2008::and what has that gotten them?
MudrunnerVA3::exactly.
Heat_Master_Sage::bobcats winning it all!
Heat_Master_Sage::in reality they are playing good basketball. as fans. it's good to see them do well
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::i think they might Sage
MudrunnerVA3::Sixers started off great last season too!
mrfotns::Pick and Pop with Raymond Felton Baby!!! Amare BANNNGG!
rodneycash2008::Amare will be the downfall of this team.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Amare BRICKKKKKKKKKK
psbdo23::To the idiot who said that the Nets are not going anywhere if they can't beat a .500 team on the road - where does that statement come from?  Losing one game to a team that's won 5 of their last 6?  Give me a freaking break.
JB_Smoove_AveryBradleyDefense_::Miami Heat struggling, shocker...
bankerelm::great teams dont care about great regular season records
3stacks7.0::Tell that to the Spurs, they have been going all out the last 2 seasons to get it
MudrunnerVA3::Because they are not undefeated?
mrfotns::9-1 for the Knicks today. bye bye. Can't wait until Amare returns. Two weeks away. YES!!!!Knicks are the best team in the NBA!!1
3stacks7.0::When Amare returns, its all over ....for the Knicks.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::is it really delusion if the record shows it tho?
MudrunnerVA3::I would be very concerned when Amare returns.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::definition of delusion
yourmothersmustache::Explain?  The real definition of delusion is C's fan thinking they are still a top team.  When KG is off the court you look like a D League team.  You know this.
bankerelm::hahahahahahahahahaha
