Colin Uza::Kevin Garnett needs to accept a bench role or retire. He clearly isn't a starting calibre NBA player at this point in this career.
Tony Hartmann::Kevin "the Fossil" Garnett
Jake Gibbs::Whenever I start wishing the Pistons would themselves to the free throw line more often, I remember I'd rather watch Drummond take 3's than go to the line.
Cory Nope::Youre such an esoteric vampire. Lol Even indulging the clown you attempt to be is draining- at best.
Cory Nope::Notice on those two flagrant free throws- how Drummond had no arc on the first?- then arched his back slightly back before his release? Did you see how the arc on his shot increased on the second? Do you remember the last time that you went trolling on here- how I pointed out the fact that his mechanics are slightly off and can be fixed merely by him using his knees more and arching back? lul
Cory Nope::Whoops, just dunked on Blatche I believe lul
Jacob Dockter::got to admire Nets commitment to tanking even though their draft pick is ATLs
Kyle Miller::Hahaha
Rob Woodtke::Nets 2014 1st rd pick is the Celtics, not Hawks.
Theodore Bagwell::Rob Woodtke   You're an idiot
Tim Lanigan::I just love it.  Drummond is going to be a beast.  This squad is going to be superb in 3 years.
Wild Silverback::Get em Nets !!
Ray Jask::unfortunately that espn quiz on pierce didnt give the option of releasing him, ok this game is the BIG ONE for the nets, back to back but winnable, if this team wants to get over .500 and into contention they must win games like this
Tanner Pratt::I knew Drummond was something special in that draft. He was a freak and so young. So glad to see him doing well. Not a Pistons fan (Bulls fan) but I love me some Drummond
Brent B Jacoby::i am dumbfounded times 1000 how josh smith is still allowed to take long 2's (him taking a 3 is still TERRIBLE but better than a long 2). Some one needs to put him on a leash
Carmen Sand Iiego::Seriously! Unless your like, Tim Duncan, who the heck takes long 2's.
Paul Voelz::He took one 3-pointer, and barely took a jumper, what are you talking about? most of his misses were in the paint where he's normally really good. Just a bad game for him. But his overall shot selection was pretty decent in this particular game.
Geoff Starling::Paul Voelz  - What are you the ultimate apologist Paul. We all want Smith to be good, but he's been horrible and selfish. Perhaps not this game, but he has been the whole season forcing J's when he hasnt gotten hiz in a while. Thats the take of national writers, not only me. He's a forward shooting 38%. A BAD GAME? Has he had a good game?
Al-Jaleel Sawab::K.G. is basically a poor man's version of Reggie Evans, no scoring production,all boards and average defense
Chad Wiggins::dirty rotten officials, again on the take..... how do u miss that blatant grab... i saw on my sec tv with my peripheral vision
Jake Sain::shouldnt be down 20 in the first place. not gonna get every call
Ruth Miller::The ball bounced off of DWill's leg out of bounds, easy call.
Keith Kenny::If an OBVIOUS foul is seen on the replay, you call it.  It's fair. Bloody joke, these officials.
Chad Wiggins::i love when these cheating ace refs get the opportunity to go see how incompetent they are....
Mohammad ElSaied::Why are the nets such garbage?! I knew they'd be bad, but I expected them to be at least ... .500.
Brent B Jacoby::i hate josh smith....trade him for a second round pick
Jake Gibbs::You shouldn't hate anybody.  It's just a game.
Gwen Bell::Nobody would take on that contract. One of the worst free agent signings ever.
Paul Voelz::Gwen Bell - Of course nobody would want that contract, you don't trade somebody still on a 4 year deal. What's the point of signing him in the first place if you're just gonna trade him? pointless. He was the best free agent available after Howard, Paul, Iguadala, signed with their teams. So I don't see how Smith was a bad signing, he's talented as F*** and the Pistons needed to upgrade the talent level on the team. It had to be done, only problem is that he's not playing the proper position. He'd be doing A LOT better if he was playing PF.
Tony Hartmann::Kg is fighting PP for the team wheelchair.
Kyle Miller::Andre Drummond is a monster.
Joham HiiPower Cherisme::This is not the Pistons from last year so if they win its consider a impressive series. The Pistons are young and fast so they'll look to out run the Nets without Brook Lopez. Key players tonight have to Deron Williams on offense,Reggie Evans controlling the board with Kevin Garnett,and Joe Johnson coming staying consistent.  I'm hoping to see more of Mirza and his mismatch on the outside with power forwards. Great battle down low tonight above all.
John Osaki Jr.::Despite the loss, check out the "Greatness" of Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce, and Deron Williams in Derek Rose's projected rankings in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time!
Eric Bell::3-for-14 by Jennings? This kid needs to go. Sick of him giving games away, and his penchant for taking the ball to the hoop by himself and having terrible numbers to show for it.
Cory Nope::I sometimes wonder what Mike D'Antoni could do with this Pistons teams- if Monroe were moved and two to three high percentage- perimeter shooters were brought in. Smith at the 4 works in that system.
Brent B Jacoby::drummond way better with free throws after adopting new routine at the free throw line. its all about confidence for big guys at the stripe
Cory Nope::Why isnt Brooklyn hacking Drummond and sending him to the free throw line- rather than let him dominate both ends of the court? lul
Brent B Jacoby::he is MAKING his free throws? are you watching the game? he is a beast all around
Cory Nope::Brent B Jacoby Im being sarcastic. Im the biggest Drummond fan there is. Hes Shaq 3.0 (A'Mare in his prime was 2.0)
Cory Nope::Drummond had hype WAY before UCONN. It was well deserved. Thank Connecticut for lowering his draft stock.
Ray Jask::SO KIDD DOESNT PLAY EVANS AT ALL NOW HE'S A STARTER DUE TO LOPEZ INJURY?? DOES KIDD HAVE A CLUE AT ALL HOW TO PLAY PLAYERS
Norah Frei::Nets give up 38 in the 2nd. That ain't winnin' basketball. Someone needs to slap KG upside the head.
Mark Mattson::the pistons win again despite jennings best efforts to give the game away.
Geoff Starling::Its sad, this team is winning despite Smith and Jennings, not because of them.  If the pistons put in Siva down the stretch vs. Minnnesota, they win. In other words virtually any functional PG they win, no matter how bad. But Jennings has the rare ability to be worse that bad and take the whole team down with him almost intentionally.
Mark Mattson::Geoff Starling - no, siva is actually worse than jennings even.  he is a fouling machine that plays like a chicken with his head cut off on offense and gets himself buried in trouble too often.
Josh Schlaflin::Geoff Starling yea im still not quite sure what they saw with Josh Smith. good player but I just dont see how they could have thought it was a good fit when you already have greg monroe and andre drummond, if they used the money they are paying him to sign a couple of high caliber guards they would be a beast
Chris Beyer::Singler is proving to be a real asset off the bench. He has had several solid games recently
