ATLien4ever::You want to see a classic pose?  Check Joe after he sent it into OT, too cool.  None of that jumping around hugging people, act like you did it before..  Learn how to hit that jumper LEBRON!!
ATLien4ever::Joe Johnson may be overpaid, but he is an under rated player.  What was he rated on the top 100 players list?  People hate him because he is making so much money, and he isn't vocal.   I think Joe is cool as hell, much cooler player than corny $@% LeBron James.  Leave all those middle school antics back home.
markpringle2003::Go Hawks! You guys are playing GREAT without Horford. Hopefully Teague is not too hurt. Hang in there until the playoffs and Al comes back and then make a run. This race is wide open. You can beat any team in the East!  Go Hawks!!!
53Kevin::HAWKS STILL SUCK!!!!!!!
222joco::Don'y know about the Hawks buy you obviously do!!!
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Yeah!  And the sky is purple and water is dry.    HAWKS!!
KingGeorge53::Wow.     WTG Detroit for pushing the Hawks.    I know there's no moral victories, but you gotta be happy for the effort.
breadatl::braves 95
53Kevin::Hawks are only regular season winners.Any championships in Atlanta?Hell no!
thethithua::why do keep shooting threes, they hit 2 threes to cover the 6.5 then stop at the last 18s... this is ridiculous
thethithua::look at this game in the final minute in OT... DET trying to play to cover the spread... lol
reggieinatl::The Hawks haven't won games like this in years past.  Very good sign.  Developing playoff toughness.
kjmaclean::The Pistons are a total joke. They had a 7 point lead with a minute and a half and blew it. A three point lead with 17 seconds left. Their point guard drives into the lane, stops, realizes he's screwed up, and passes the ball into the paint where three Hawks are standing. Joe Johnson picks up the ball, dribbles around, and hits a 3 pointer to tie the game. Then they fall apart in OT. This franchise is absolutely hopeless, and their owner is a m0r0n..
saralee509::yes so is  joe DUMASSrs
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::any body gat a xbox 360 and xboxlive and mw3 ore cod black ops
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::know im really going to bed good night yawn
J-SMOOVE2019::If the Hawks have the opportunity to land D-Will for Horford and Teague, should we do it?  Assuming he signs a 4 year deal.
fordt987::^ Completely agree
aftern9ne::Horford I can live without but not Teague. We finally got a PG with a future, I don't want to trade him away.
J-SMOOVE2019::Obviously the Nets would have to lose in the Dwight sweepstakes
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::well det gat lucky atl playd bad if atl playd good it wood be a bloout but u gat to gev theme some cretet im going to bed good night peps
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::oops how haha
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::i know ho to spell every word in the dictionary
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::yup and not realy going to bed
ATLrepresent11::I'm assuming the way you're typing is a joke..
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::o wasnt wathing sadly i was playing black ops :(
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::if the hawks trad johnson i will kill everybody for the hawks lary everybody
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::i just sall that shot a second ago that was sick
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::do u no how hurt teugue is
ATLrepresent11::They taped up his ankle and said he was available for play a few minutes after the injury. So probably nothing too bad. Might hit the day-to-day list.
J-SMOOVE2019::probably just a mild ankle sprain.  not sure though.
J-SMOOVE2019::he wont get traded.  he is a great player, but other teams dont want his contract.  if anyone gets traded it will be horford or teague
J-SMOOVE2019::HORNETS ARE ACTIVELY SHOPPING CHRIS KAMAN.  HAWKS SHOULD AT LEAST TRY TO GET HIM.
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::wares all the det fans o yay crying in there room
Demonjoe93::Damn what got up Joe Johnson's $@%?  Hope Teague's all right.
reggieinatl::How bad is Teague's injury?  I'm talking about his ankle.  I know his ugliness is permanent.
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::realy it wouldnt hurt to bad for the hawks
DetKoolAid::good game hawks good luck on the rest of the season and hope you get horford back
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::well hes not ded so we will get him back
reggieinatl::Confession:  I turned away when we were down by 6 in the 4th and the Pistons had the ball with under a minute to play.   I am an idiot. Way to go Hawks.
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::danget gat to what tell 12:30 to see joe on top ten plus all of them then number one finaly comes on and boom joe johnson
reggieinatl::As punishment, sportscenter doesn't come on until 12:30am (after the winter x games).
J-SMOOVE2019::I hate to do this but I gotta do it.  THE PISTONS JUST GOT JOHNSONED!!!!!!!!!!!!
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::haha good woon
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Always a toughie  for the Hawks in Detroit no matter what both teams are doing. So good win.
loubillz718::Detroit . . . . . . . . i got two words for you,  . . . . i mean names for you, JOE . . . . . JOHNSON!!!!!!! What a game at The Palace.
TC31992::Joe Johnson is a str8 Beast!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good win tonight for Atlanta. On to the next one.   #Team ATL!!!
Marvic1753::greg monroe is solid, he has a bright future. lock him up joeD!
Chris94Leopold::Glad the Hawks came back, would've been depressing to lose to a 4-15 team.
DetKoolAid::"tom vanzandt I don't care how many picks they get in the draft. I don't trust Dumars. He has made way too many mistakes for me to ever believe he can bring this team back to the top." ----------------------------------- what are all these mistakes that joeD has made? i can count them on one hand:  Darko, BG and CV  other than that Joe D took a non playoff team and took them to 8 straight years in the playoffs with 2 championship appearances winning one of them. all of a sudden they have a couple rebuilding years and you want to throw him under the bus?  get it through your head that this sh*t happens in all damn sports! remember after the pistons beat the lakers?? they sucked to for a couple years while they rebuilt but they had the luxury of being a destination for stars and had kobe still. Kevin durant didnt even have a winning record until his 3rd year in the league.  JoeD has drafted very well and back when darko was taken it was the consensus that he was going #2 to who ever had that pick. and besides you really think mello wade or bosh would have stayed in detroit? get real.  JoeD drafts:  memo okur, rodney stuckey, knight, monroe, aaron aflalo, maxiel, jerebko, carlos delfino, chase buddinger, daye, tay prince and more. The pistons are a big man and a scoring wing player away from being a playoff team. Hopefully they can address one through the draft and one in free agency.  Name one team who had years of success that didnt fall off while rebuilding. I think the spurs are the only team and they arent getting better, they are just stuck in the same place "get to the playoffs and lose in the first round", while getting no high draft picks to make sure the future is bright
t casey::As far as bad moves go, Joe did let pretty much the entire bench from the championship year go for absolutely nothing which left us shorthanded with a glorified 7 man rotation for like 3 years. I'm tired of ragging on Dumars though. That's all said and done now and besides we've got a few good pieces for the future anyway with Monroe and Knight. Not sure how much it'll add up to but I'm excited watching them play.
Marvic1753::hiring john kuester was an epic fail.
DetKoolAid::maybe but it was a money saver that Mr D's wife wanted. cant fault JoeD for that. remember she was trying to sell the team and that is why kuester never got a chance and got fired
tom vanzandt::You can be excited all you want. I know a team tha tis caught in Quicksand when i see it. I bet you were one of those lions fans that kept saying they were just rebuilding too.
DetKoolAid::lions made the damn playoffs this year and in 3 years went from 0-16 to 10-6. yes when the right regime took over i knew it was only a matter of time and obviously it did pay off.  also im definitely excited about the future of knight, monroe and who ever else we pick up in this years draft....you were probably one of the pistons fans saying this sh*t the when JoeD took over the team when they were losing huh? bet you felt salty when they became the most dominating team in the east for a decade and won a championship
tom vanzandt::How about the Billups trade?
DetKoolAid::to free up cap space, i dont know why people thought he really wanted iverson. it was in the news that JoeD promised cbill if he ever traded him it would be to his hometown of denver so He traded him for iverson who's 20 mill was coming off the books and he used that money to sign Ben Gordon who was a superstar in the playoffs and the year before and CV who averaged a respectable 16 and 8...both of them got the money and tanked it how is JoeD supposed to know that?
sethbball20::The Pistons were the better team tonight for 47 minutes and 30 seconds.
J-SMOOVE2019::Pistons need to tank this season to land Harrison Barnes
cpajaysmith89::Barnes shoots like 43% in college. What makes you think he'll do better in the NBA?
sethbball20::The Pistons just gave away 2 straight games. They lost the game on giving up that transition 3 after going up 6 to williams, because it allowed the Hawks to play defense straight up and not foul the next possesion. Then, you turn it over and let Joe Johnson beat you. How do you not foul in that situation? The worst that can happen is that they tie the game with a 3, and they did. If you foul, you are still up 1, even if they make both free throws. And on top of that, after JJ hit the 3, we get the ball, and our first look is a lob. I could see doing a lob with under 1 second, but 1.9? That's plenty of time for a catch-and-shoot, and we ended up getting a terrible look. Poor coaching and mental breakdowns cost us at the end of the game.
tom vanzandt::Get new veterans. I am tired of seeing Prince and Wallace.
tom vanzandt::They need a superstar.hopefully this time he will pick a wade insted of a darko.
tom vanzandt::If you are going to blow it up, do it all the way. Get rid of prince and ben wallace and charlie and ben gordon and just play these kids.
sethbball20::Veteran leadership is important. It helps the young guys grow. Those guys have limited time here anyway.
DetKoolAid::then you would have no team at all, they are doing it right by bringing in young talent and slowly phasing out the old
tom vanzandt::It will take years to rebuild it. They need alot of help and they can only do it with the draft. Nobody is coming to this team via free agency.
DetKoolAid::and thats why they play the young guys who can get better but the team sucks so they get the draft picks.
tom vanzandt::They are young! That seems to be the excuse for them sucking.
sethbball20::Yes, they are. Going through this is all part of the growing process. I like some of the young pieces we have, and I think we are getting better just about every night. Being competitive against 2 Eastern Conference powers is a good sign.
DetKoolAid::they do suck, they are young and rebuilding it happens
J-SMOOVE2019::Joe Johnson is playin like MJ.  I swear if we could pair Joe Johnson with Deron Williams, that would be one sick backcourt.
texasrocks123456::I dont like him. But Joe is finally showing up. Maybe the world is about to end.
DetKoolAid::there is a little noise out there that the pistons are looking at chris kaman, i wonder what we would have to trade for him..it would be a great addition so monroe could move over to his natural position at the 4 spot
captinbeezo::way to pull it out.. joe joe joe!! 28  in 2nd half. i love when he plays like joe johnson!
Jimdetroitfan94::Nice job guys
Nash_Owns_LA::At least Greg Monroe is a huge bright spot for the Pistons
DetKoolAid::and knight, im glad they are starting to look good playing together and are competitive...there was a time while stuckey was injured they we got blown out by 20 every game it seemed
Jthizz69::Is this Detroit's first game scoring 100 points? unfortunately it took 14 overtime points
J-SMOOVE2019::Hawks need to trade for the D-Will.
J-SMOOVE2019::Tonight was awesome.  GO HAWKS!!!
atlhawks27::the main reason i like the hawks is because they beat the teams they should beat and they sometimes surprise the teams that people think they cant beat win or lose i love this team
atlhawks27::thats just clutch when the ball was in hes hands i known he was gonna score
atlhawks27::i wasnt and i wasnt shocked when joe mad that shot ive been a hawks fan for a long time ive seen him make that shot before
ATLrepresent11::Well barely pulled this one out of regulation.. I was worried there with about 1 minute to go.
ShaneP504::Greg Monroe is the greatest Fantasy BBall steal I ever got
jbfreeman62::J Smoove is a fantasy hog I got for a steal one year
jbfreeman62::Down the stretch Kirk and Marvin won this game even though Joe hit the big shot
RonoSL550::ZAZA close to a DD too.
jbfreeman62::We ALWAYS have trouble with the pistons
Taysuan22::over 100 for the first time
cpajaysmith89::I would love davis (if he shaved his unibrow)
DetKoolAid::the team looks better and 1 step closer to davis or drummond! win win win
atlhawks27::yea good game pistons
atlhawks27::im happy with what the team we have zaza needs to play more like he did in OT tough he was getting in the paint and dunking and laying up i dont want to see him shot i got ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! every time he shoots.
jbfreeman62::Good game piston fans, respectable group here
jbfreeman62::haha
DetKoolAid::good game, losing has its humbling ways lol
atlhawks27::horford is out and we are 7-2
atlhawks27::i do miss horfor but people say we wont even win 10 games with out horford
DetKoolAid::yeah but you all badly miss horford, i cant remember the last time the pistons had that many points in the paint. you all should be really good when he gets back
RonoSL550::Don't fool yourself, we need Horford. Ask the team if he's missed.
