KennyS562::How is an 8 point win bullying the Cavs?
dcfaithfull::Anyone else out there happy to see that Jefferson has begun realizing that when he gets a doubled in the post that there is a man open and to look for the pass??
btowne26::Wow, the Jazz killed us?????............that's what the trolls were saying would happenyesterday.  Hardly.  We've had some bad draft picks but Gordo is horrible.  All he did besides getting his shot blocked, contested was throw entry passes to Jefferson, who by the way is a beast.  But that seems like quite a waste of a top draft pick.  Play hard Cavaliers, get experience and keep losing close games, win a couple here or there and we'll be okay!!
TAC0REV::Hayward wasn't great last night (although he had 8 assists), he's shown flashes of phenomenal ability. He plays too tentative sometimes, hopefully with time &amp; experience he'll loosen up more
KennyS562::While those guys you listed have all largely fizzled (though I'd challenge that with Davis, Pondexter, and Bledsoe), of course they are still on NBA rosters. They are all first rounders with guaranteed contracts, and this is only their second year.
bigsmiles11::Should have taken paul george...
Snakes22::You think Hayward is a waste of a draft pick??? You are uninformed rookie.  Look at the players drafted immediately after Air Gordon.  Paul George, Cole Aldrich, Xavier Henry, Ed Davis, Patrick Peterson, Larry Sanders, Luke Babbitt, Kevin Seraphin, Eric Bledsoe, Avery Bradley, James Anderson, Craig Brackins, Elliott Williams, Trevor Booker and on an on and on etc.  I'm not sure most of those guys are even still on NBA rosters.
R.Pgh::I'm glad Scott is limiting Irving's minutes.  The kids last full season was in high school, add that to his previous injury, and it's a smart decision to keep his playing time down.  20/5 on 27 minutes isn't too shabby.
rockndoc3::Cavs are now doing great.   Just keep on getting slightly outplayed and keep losing by single digits.   Put Harrison Barnes on this team next year, find a center, and it will be all good.
TAC0REV::Looks like Antawn Jamison spent the lockout at the Derek Fisher School of Little Girl Floppers. It made me sick to my stomach watching this grown man flop and flail around and the slightest contact all night long, and even worse, he got a whistle every single time (explains the outrageous free-throw deficit). Grow a pair, Antawn, you freaking pansy. You make every true fan of the game sick
TAC0REV::We can have him?? Sorry, we don't want that hack
adeptimg::He's just extending his career. You can have him. It would be addition by subtraction.
RayKrebbs1978::Cavaliers are  a young team, next year when they are a year older they win a game like this.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_10
neumerr::Jazz covered.. shoulda won by 15+ like i predicted but oh well they still covered non the less
Jan Itor1::Still waiting for rickyshade123... he said he would be back once the Cavs "spanked" the Jazz  Oh and goindians245, now who was it that you said the Jazz couldn't stop?  This is why I don't trash talk... cause the more trash you talk, the worse it's gonna look if you lose lol I'm just giving goindians245 a hard time, but I really am speaking to rickyshade123 here, after all the $@%! he talked I didn't think he'd show his face if the Cavs lost lol
chizzy2123::i was at the game and was so mad with how harris played. he looked like a lost puppy playing defense and played very tentative on offense. at this point, i really don't know who should play point guard. its a good thing our bigs dominated tonight.
KennyS562::Rondo would cost way too much.
NYeltigre::DC, the only reason the jazz go get nash is to hold them down until they can get a younger PG.
NYeltigre::Either Nash or Rondo.... one of those two with Earl backing them would be awesome. Both Nash and Rondo fill every void the jazz have
dcfaithfull::Nash to Utah would be great for the team, but long-term?  Nash is nearing 40... the guy is in great shape, but how long does he play for?  In all honesty though, I'd love to have Nash in a Jazz uni runnin' the floor, he could really be the leader on the floor that Utah needs.  Nash may be old but he still has a ton of game.  A PG is the Jazz's definite need right now.  To be honest, I like Earl as a starter more than Harris.  Earl is a pest on the defense, he's got the ability to make a pass to an open man, and he's got his own (often active) offense.
Ramrod212::Out4elk. I have been thinking and saying the same thing on here for about the last two weeks.  Nash would be a great fit for the Jazz and would give us time to draft and teach a young pg.  I am hoping for this trade but I don't think it will happen.
out4elk::Jazz need to make a play for Steve Nash, he would give us a lot more than Harris.
TAC0REV::PG is by far Utah's biggest need going forward
basesballgod69::so this draft we got chris paul and ben wallace, we nned to get rid of jaminson and sessions and get some first round picks there is soooo much talent coming out. once we get rid of these players well be one step closer
KennyS562::Give me a break! Session is the best backup PG? Ever hear of that fellow in LA called Mo Williams? Or, how about Andre Miller in Denver?
R.Pgh::Sessions is arguably the best backup PG in the league right now.  I would keep him unless someone offers a 1st round pick (which I don't see happening).  Definitely need to get rid of Jamison as his contract is up next year.  I think TT has more offensive upside than Ben Wallace ever had.
EMCanada::Best vets to bring around Favors, Kanter, Hayward and Burks? We practically lose the rest of our roster after next season.  Teach Alec point, slide Hayward to SG and keep Howard around?
KennyS562::Both Burks and Hayward are capable of playing the point.
goindians245::u cant just teach the point... irving is a true pg because he has been tought how to do it for years and years and years... burks is a pretty good player but not a pg
subedis1::the fact that the cavs are competitive every night and have lost some close games gives me a lot of hope for the future, considering we're rebuilding. our bench is one of the deepest in the league and next year, hopefully with a FA signing w/ Jamison's exp contract and another lottery pick, we will have the pieces to compete....love both the draft picks, think gee will continue developing well and andy is a legend, plays so hard
subedis1::poor guy had colitis...our luck
goindians245::does the name dujuan wagner make u feel better lol
KingGeorge53::If memory serves me right, Wagner was a Paxson product.
subedis1::we go get undrafted guys like gee and samuels and they can put performances in, and ferry couldn't do it w/ draft picks. the thought of luke jackson and diop makes me wanna puke
goindians245::yeah king george ur right... he has been great but the funny thing is u said he has found talent in the d league and euro league... ferry couldnt even find talent on the miami heat lol
subedis1::ferry was absolutely horrendous, jeez he was bad
KingGeorge53::I'd agree subedis.     Grant has done an absolutely outstanding job since taking over.     Finding players from the D League and Euro league.
goindians245::dude who are u a fan of noman?
NOMANSFAN::enjoy dreaming...lol
CandySparker::I like Jefferson Airplane.
movieboyzz::He built this city.
aardvarkmasta::Wrong! It was Grace Slick.
KingGeorge53::That was Joan Jett, not Grace Slick
KingGeorge53::I bet you like white rabbits too.
NovaNationBaby::shouldnt have cut scottie reynolds
KingGeorge53::Good game for the Jazz.   Just too much Jefferson for the Cavaliers.     Good luck jazz fans for the rest of the year.  We need a C, SG and SF.... asap
brimonsta13::I was at the game tonight and was blown away by Irving's ability to get to the hoop. If he ever gets a solid jumper down that kid is really going to kill it. I am a jazz fan, but man that kid was the funnest player to watch on the court.
45386::ya as a Jazz fan, I can say the Cavs probably have the second best young prospects as a whole team (Utah being first of course).
1mproperDancing::He already has a solid jumper.  I'm pretty sure he shot over 40% from three in college.
goindians245::i say trade antwan while hes hot! hes scoring alot right now so get rid of him asap... the reason i wanna keep varejao more than any other reason is that he and irving have developed nice chemestry and he is really helping Kyrie adjust to the league
KingGeorge53::good point about Andy.
goindians245::we are buliding around only 2 guys right now... but we have a few nice role players to go with our two potential star players like gee sessions and Boobie
KingGeorge53::agree, but any and all those role players are always trade bait for potential draft picks on a team trying to build.     ON the flip side of that, I'd love to see those 3 stay at least through this season and I'd like to see Andy stay, but he's our best trade chip at this point.
scow79::We can give you CJ Miles and Raja Bell for cheap
i liked this comment::lol
KingGeorge53::^ this
scow79::How did they let that guy go!   He was good for the league
KingGeorge53::scow, if Ferry was still the GM, that may have been arranged.
clingerk::uh no lol
scow79::I'll up you one ridiculous trade for another.   Harris for Irving
KingGeorge53::I'd take Jefferson for Hollins.
do not worry no homo::Word is out that Jerry Sloan is going through a change of heart to go back coaching.
crviehweg::I believe I heard rumors about Sacramento
do not worry no homo::WOW! Actually, the Nets might consider asking him! This could get ugly with D-will and Sloan!
do not worry no homo::Nothing on any possible teams. He might want to go back coaching the Jazz but then problems occurs.
brando0503::no shiz?!? any possible teams named?
averymicheal0923::Question Cavs fans. If Irving is going to be a star in this league, how long will he stay in Cleveland?
R.Pgh::He's a high character kid so I can see him sticking around for a while.  I think that's another reason why the Cavs drafted him and TT, both standup kids.  Kyrie has great court vision, but there isn't a lot of scorers on the team which is why his assists aren't near what Rubio is doing.  Give him some more legit scoring threats and it's not crazy to think he could average 19ppg / 10apg.
i liked this comment::life!
goindians245::at least the next 5 years... and then more after that most likely
brando0503::hopefully a long time :)
clingerk::why are the jazz always fighting the ref's every game???? the cav's wouldn't of even been close to us at all if it wasn't for free throws and bad calls!!! GO JAZZ baby 5 str8 :)
cougarfromouterdarkness::The Jazz will ALWAYS do more than the Cavs, even in a rebuilding year hahaha
JAHQUAN3::The Jazz will do more then the Cavs will this year thats for sure...Book It!!!!
clingerk::no not even close.. your stupidity is killing you right now lol thats all you got lol you think im mormon??? ouch let me go wipe my tears in laughter, you uneducated fool not everyone is mormon in utah genius.
goosu123::Stop whining about the refs man, especially when you get a win. Not like Utah is going to do ANYTHING this year anyways.
whitemamba305::Ur mormon
whitemamba305::Kyrie irving needs to play 35 or more minutes if cleveland wants to win. 20, and 5 in 27 minutes. give him 10 of sessions minutes and hell b balling sooo hard bro. Session was like 1-11 at least play him together meng. lol
1mproperDancing::It benefits the Cavs to play competitively but lose right now.  As long as they are looking good and competitive most games, guys won't fall into the funk they did last season.  But losses are good for a young team.  You need them to get another lottery pick, and the Cavs are going to need at least one or two more lottery picks in order to become a legitimately competitive team again.
R.Pgh::Keep in mind, he only played 11 games at Duke.  Scott is handling this the right way.  Irving's longest season was in high school, so he's probably not conditioned yet for a pro schedule.  Add his former injury to that, and it's a no brainer to limit his minutes.  Plus, Sessions has been arguably the best back up PG in the league thus far this year.
KingGeorge53::Plus, I think some are forgetting Irving had a foot injury so that in itself would be reason to spot minutes.
subedis1::i like that they compete every night. irving and T2 will be studs
subedis1::we were on a long road trip, and with the lack of preseason they are curbing his minutes. i'm cool with that. we need another lottery pick and then a stud FA w/ Antawn's expiring contract
brando0503::@ mamba... heck i'd like to see him play the whole 48 minutes.. i just dont think the young buck is there  yet physically. could be why he missed his late free throws. no legs.
KingGeorge53::I think what ever is bothering his right hip is the reason his legs are going out late.
Giggityiggity::Sessions has fell off the last 3 or 4 games.  He was playing really well prior.
brando0503::feel like he struggles and our offense in general struggles against teams with a good physical defensive presence in the paint
goindians245::great game from irving and thompson... irving is gonna be a star... hes making that quite obvious... and thompson is a stud and a force and hes got a chance to be a star in the future as well... tough game but now with the foundation of those two we have ALOT to look forward to.. GO CAVS!!! were better than pheonix we should take that one
goindians245::sorry brandon my original comment was in respone to giggity... not u... my bad
goindians245::u might be right brandon but if were not better... it it certainly a winable game
goindians245::but we are better than pheonix is what i said... and that is true
brando0503::well i guess i just dont see how. care to elaborate?
brando0503::1)love the post.  2) just not sure i agree with cavs over phoenix. there's probably only 3-4 teams i'd feel confident picking the cavs over.
Giggityiggity::Ya, right.  We'll be lucky to win 2 of the next 4 games.
StockonToMalone::Kyrie and Tristan are looking really good. Tristan surprised me the most though. Definitely worth the 4th pick.
goindians245::we were lucky to have our bad year when a potential star point guard who u can build a franchise around like irving  was avalible... but u guys will find ur guy... ur front office is really good so i know u will find someone better than harris.... because no offense but he is horrific
Utah_Dirtbiker::Yeah, the Cavs future looks bright with thier young players. Kind of like the Jazz, but we still need to find our point guard for the future. We could use a pure shooter also.
Dworm84::I know It's early,but I want to know where's everybody who was slamming the Cavs for taking Irving with the #1 pick instead of Williams?
1mproperDancing::People are dumb.  Irving was a lock to be the number one pick whoever had it.  He's a pure point guard who can attack the rim and put up twenty a game.  There aren't a lot of guys like that in the league.  Williams will probably be a good NBA player, but he's also a tweener.  I think his ceiling is a more athletic Antawn Jamison.  A solid scorer and stretch-four who plays poor to mediocre defense.  Not a bad pick, but also not a guy you pick over Irving, who has a set position.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Good question. I always though Irving was the best player in the draft.
Giggityiggity::How did my post get removed?  All I said was I was happy about Kyrie and TT having good games.  WTF, ESPN.
clevelandforever92::Sweet. Double post.  You get the point.
clevelandforever92::Its a conspiracy, man
adeptimg::Trigger happy.
clevelandforever92::Its a conspiracy, man.
brando0503::jazz fans &gt; twolves fans + portland fans + toronto fans.  just my opinion. congrats on the win.
45386::ahh i see what you did there
2noodlekaboodle::Rip City lol. F#$% Portland.
sjmcb160::Portland fans are awful. They think their dookie smells like Rose Gardens. See what I did there?
supraman23::Lets hope the Jazz go on a nice losing streak after tomorrows victory.
sjmcb160::I'd be content if all they did was humiliate Denver, Portland, and LA
dcfaithfull::I'm not so sure.  Utah seems to be slowly getting into their groove.  I expect them to get better on road within this season.  You're probably right on wins against playoff teams, but I think they can chalk up some good road wins like the rest of 'em.
Utah_Dirtbiker::The Jazz are pretty good at home. They won't win many games against playoff teams and won't win very many on the road.
willbdds::why
Giggityiggity::I'm happy to see the Cavs being competitive though after getting spanked by the Blazers.  Overall, I'm happy about this game as Kyrie and TT both had solid games.
1mproperDancing::The Cavs were still pretty competitive in that Portland game.  The Blazers didn't really start to pull ahead until the third quarter.  Before that it was anyone's game.
serebro.su::Good game Cavs. Classy chat. Should be pretty ugly tomorrow when the Kobe kids are unleashed.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Yep, the Lakers have a mental edge on the Jazz. It's been that way for a while now. I'm so tired of it.
mikeisildur::Another championship for the Jazz!!!  =)
mikeisildur::I don't know what you're talking about this is our 5th championship this season
adeptimg::Yeah, but you gotta get one first before you can get another.
redsoxfan62591::utah just shot lights out tonight- gotta chalk it up.  doubtful they will ever shoot this hot again this year (jefferson was drainin 18 footers all night).  gotta hand it to them.
brando0503::the ~60 pts in the paint sure helped too
Hello Kyrie Irving::NOOOOO 4-5
JoJoCrane14::Why is CJ playing instead of Burks? So frustrating
EMCanada::I think Burks was picking up too many fouls, so coach sat him before it became a habit.
Rx1217::agreed.  maybe they are trying to get him some good looks to get better trade value.
Rx1217::Jazz Bench &gt; Jazz starters.
chizzy2123::harris played awful tonight. bell was alright but i would much rather see burks out there. he plays with way more energy and is exciting to watch
Rmnica23::bell is terrible for sure
the27guy::I'll take Burks and Watson over Harris and Bell any day.
Rx1217::get real?  look how terrible harris and bell are, and gordon is streaky like miles.  id rather have watson burks evans favors on the floor with al and millsap.
sjmcb160::gold star
Rmnica23::jazz bench &gt; Tebow
brando0503::jefferson and millsap &gt; than jazz bench.... get real
capnchuc::this is sad but true.
fanofsports24::agreed
yata9arasu::Good game Jazz fans!  Well fought Cavs, just remember to make your free throws and play some defense next game!  Go Cavs!
fanofsports24::Jazz bench&gt;Cavs bench
brando0503::i'd agree with that.   imagine if jazz could trade some of that depth for another bonafide star in the making like jefferson.
Fullserenity::Too many missed FTs, and too many points given up in the paint.
adeptimg::Cavs need to look respectable, but not too much. They need another lottery pick.
JDunifon3::for sure.  I'd rather watch a season like this with respectable losses and solid play from the rooks.  If someone's gonna lose the game for us, I'd want it to be someone like Parker who has no future on this team
i liked this comment::lol, i guess that's the game plan..........
Chris287907::Parker sucks
Hello Kyrie Irving::ya y wud they give it to him instead of kyrie or gibson
Hello Kyrie Irving::its over, we'll go get the suns though
Giggityiggity::Good game, Jazz fans.  I didn't expect so much out of Howard.  His play seemed to be the difference in the ball game.
clingerk::He has a lot of energy on both ends of the court, i think once he gets his legs all the way back he is gonna have a great chance to be a very good asset to our team.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Howard has been suprising to me so far. I wasn't expecting anything from him this year.
Rx1217::CJ just delayed the inevitable of him being traded.
Rmnica23::Very surprised by these Jazz so far.  Well above my expectations.
TanLucLe::cj miles is a sexy asian girl who strips naked on the internet, hotter than him
ScalabrineNutHugger::Dont you just love CJ?
cougarfromouterdarkness::^ im with him, i hate the $@%!$@
Babniki::actually, no, I am glad he made that, but I get scared every time he touched the ball.
serebro.su::LOL did CJ just pull a Tebow and thank Jesus?
sjmcb160::Now he definitely needs to go if that's the case.
TanLucLe::i think he pulled a jesus and thanked tebow
i liked this comment::and game!
TanLucLe::CJ!!!!!!
chumba79::make up for all your garbage CJ
Fullserenity::Oh well, good game Jazz fans.
fanofsports24::if he would have missed that I would have crapped myself
