tmohr48::Really glad to see Billups back playing once again.
abovethelies2::Leclip James....The fact that you even listed Lee on your top PF list automatically discredits EVERYTHING you say....lol
Danjo710::Why was griffin just laying on top of KLove after Shved hit that clutch three???
sdteamswinsomething::I guess Griffin and Love are better friends then I thought...
TireBiterUSC::That's the only clutch thing Shved did.  That guy crumbled in the end.
AhhhShattAppp::Bottom line.  Clippers get the "W" and the Wolves get the "L"  Stop your whining.
MN MAGIC::the clippers are not that good of a team, but until the wolves are healthy we can't say that the wolves can beat them. When I say healthy i'm talking about Love being fully healed. Rubio back and the rest of the team growing some balls and playing with injuries like i did through my enitre time playing the sport. I did it for free
Howard Wolowitz27::Stop getting cancer.
MECH4NIZE::Bunch of Pansies here. Here is the bottom line. Clippers get the "W" and the Wolves get the"L"
Howard Wolowitz27::I seriously wish all Clipper fans would get f.ucking cancer for all the hating on the wolves and their fanbase.
MN MAGIC::Let the Clipper fans talk $@%!. They were all laker fans until last year...:)
Howard Wolowitz27::Hope you and your family get cancer for Christmas.
BarrelRider04::Dude, calm down you psychopath! You are an absolute miserable tool to with that upon people. Be careful what you wish for.
TireBiterUSC::Living in Minnesota will do that to you.
LeClip James 2014::<b>@JerryZgoda KLove when asked where tonight's game slipped away: "We were playing 8 on 5 in that fourth quarter, I'll tell you that much." ================== LOL, then explain why almost all of your points came from the refs, Love.</b>
abovethelies2::Wow dude you are truly biased it too funny....
Howard Wolowitz27::Hope you die of liver or brain cancer someday.
LeClip James 2014::<b>Best PF's in the league right now:  1. Duncan 2. Griffin 3. Dirk 4. Bosh 5. David Lee</b>
abovethelies2::Really dude....lol
Bson441997::You're an idiot  Kevin love is the best forward in the league and you know. You are just complaining because you wished you had him
LeClip James 2014::<b>"Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing." - Blake Griffin  "Who cares if we lost, at least I got my stats!" - Kevin Love</b>
MN MAGIC::Blake should increase this FT% if he wants to win a championship
Bson441997::I didnt know that Blake Griffin was Vince Lombardi
Howard Wolowitz27::Hope you get a brain tumor.
LeClip James 2014::<b>Blake Griffin &gt; Kevin Love</b>
Pusha Tonn::lololololol
LeClip James 2014::<b>^ FACT ^</b>
BarrelRider04::Wow, Clips lucky Love was off lasat night. Clips finally get a much needed win but it was UGLY! Butler and Billups 2 for 13 and we still won? That's encouraging I guess. Griffin still looks lost at times, whines too much. You can tell he really doesn't like VDN. I wish Griffin would stop acting like a primma donna and just throw his blue collar on and work!!
MN MAGIC::oh so love gets calls for the first time in his career? yes that is luck
TireBiterUSC::It's not luck when you know exactly how Love is capable of playing with a recently broken hand.  Love played as well as he could and he still has some healing to do.  Lucky is that the refs gave Love tons of undeserved calls.
slo1111::I finally got to watch a game on my TV rather than fuzzy pictures on my computer.  I am amazed at how poorly our perimeter defense guards their man when they are away from the ball.  They are not positioning themselves so they can see the ball and their man at the same time.  They then miss passes, their guy cutting to the basket, or sliding over to provide help defense.   Rubio is really good at that.  It fundamentally comes down to the fact that if we are not making our shots the only way we can hope to win is to play strong defense.  Klove has one good shooting game to two bad now.  He is not "back" yet.  Man, I missed AK last night.
manimarf09::Looks like it was an ugly game.
Percy Starvin 12::I am starting to think that K Love is a mirage.   I have seen way too many terrible shooting nights and terrible defense.  He is starting to look like another Carmelo.
ErikAmundson1121::He came back 2 weeks early from a broken shooting hand?
manimarf09::Melo's preeeety good.
Percy Starvin 12::At scoring. Not much else
Pusha Tonn::so we shot 37% from the field, 27% from 3, only 18 assists (28 by the clips), 20 TO (10 by the clips), we played without AK47, Chase and Rubio and they only won by 6 points???....the clips are a joke
ErikAmundson1121::Bottom line: Timberwolves don't have one of the best team point guards in the league back yet to make the Clippers defense look silly!  The Lake Show can't get their stuff together for the first time in a long time.  Clippers are really good at dunking.  See you later in the season when we have our full roster and Rubio drops 15+ Ast!
AhhhShattAppp::You still lost. Point?
AhhhShattAppp::The score could have been 2 to 1 and the bottom line is that the Clippers won. The W is the bottom line.
witelightnin::Wow you're a moron.  The Clips HELD Minnesota to 37% shooting, FORCED 20 turnovers.  Idiot.
Pusha Tonn::did you watch the game??? lol at least 13 turnovers were just bad passes, UNFORCED turnovers. Idiot. again, don't take credit when you don't deserve it
Captain Morgan.12::You are a joke. I didn't realize you shot 37% from the field. Using "we" like you actually did something...you'd think being a T-Wolves fan you'd be used to losing and accept it gracefully.
Pusha Tonn::I've never said WE were superior .... you just need to learn how to read. on the other hand you said "you'd think being a T-Wolves fan you'd be used to losing and accept it gracefully" and that coming a from a clips fan sounds laughable. and WTF is this? "Any idiot who pulls stats to prove that the losing team is superior is just in denial." I wonder what the hell did you say when you lost to NO...do you think NO is superior to the clips? no, the clips are better, but they lost the game. Same case here
Captain Morgan.12::^That fact is irrelevant to the argument at hand. I would be the first to agree that the Clippers have the worst history in all the NBA
Danjo710::Like the clips arent use to losing?  Give me a break morgan
Captain Morgan.12::Please clown, every team has a bad game and I'd be the first to tell you the Clippers played like crap during their losing streak (and still played subpar last night).   But I'm not an idiot like yourself and strut around proclaiming: "BOY the Thunder sure got lucky the Clippers had 15 TOs and Chris Paul shot 2-13 and still got the game to OT. The Thunder suck."  When a team loses, they lose. That's the bottom line. Any idiot who pulls stats to prove that the losing team is superior is just in denial.
Pau Gasol.::^You're a fool, stop posting now.
Pusha Tonn::"Maybe your team shouldn't be moronic and stop committing turnovers, good teams don't do that." going by your logic: clips 15 TO against OKC, 20 against Brooklyn, 15 against new orleans and 15 against the hawks. oh, the clips must not be a good team at all.... owned
Captain Morgan.12::Please, you're a joke. You have no points.   Why don't you cut to the illogical chase and just say this: "Boy, imagine if the Timberwolves had scored 7 more points. Clippers are lucky to have won!"  Throw any stats you want out there, the TWolves lost and there was no luck involved. Maybe your team shouldn't be moronic and stop committing turnovers, good teams don't do that.
Pusha Tonn::and don't get me wrong, I have nothing against the clips, I want you to be on the playoffs and sh.it on the Lakers, even with Pau playing for them, but blind fans like you p.iss me off...
Pusha Tonn::c'mon, every fan talks like that, probably you do it too, nice way to attack me because you can't refute my points. In the last 10 years 2 playoff appareances by the clips, the same by the wolves so you should be used to losing games too. You clippers fans are always bragging about you have the best PG in the league, the best PF, the best 6th man, one of the best centers...and then win by 6 against a team who is the worse 3pt shooting team in the league, who played without Rubio, AK and Chase, and who commited almost 13 UNFORCED turnovers...
kezmicdust::You shot 37% from the field and had 20 turnovers. Might be due to good D by the Clips?
Pusha Tonn::no, it was because ridnour and shved commited 8 combined, and most of our turnovers were UNFORCED awful passes... and we are a terrible 3 point shooting team,not only against the clips. so don't try to take credit when you don't deserve it lol.
KevinOllieSaves::Ever notice keving Love always puts up big numbers but his team never wins?
biggberd043000::The stat in the recap about Kevin Love having more double doubles than any other active player is wrong, dwight howard for one has way more double doubles (of course he's been in the league twice as long), I bet Kevin Love isn't even inthe top 20 among active players righ now for this!
getwithitson::Kevin love might wanna ease up on filling the stat sheet and learning how to be a leader and start getting some wins.
Jail Blazer::I enjoy tacos so very much, Tacos give me a warm sentimental feeling of a time gone by. On summer vacations I like eating tacos. They taste so very yummy and grand. I wish they served tacos everywhere.
Bmarleys420::Using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around $2,000 to $3,000 a month profit for the past few months following the system. You can find the system on google by searching the words sports betting system.
EL_ABALLARDE::LOL!! I'm ready some news about some talks in trade Gasol to the Wolves!! WTF!  http://estaticos04.marca.com/imagenes/2012/11/28/baloncesto/nba/noticia/1354127034_extras_ladillos_1_0.jpg  Check this picture....Barea to the Lakers, and Pek to the Wizards...
EL_ABALLARDE::Rindour is a perfect back up, just he don't have the CP3, Rondo mentally... He's worth a 2nd round pick from the Lakers or any playoff team before trade line.
mmoore2144::The letter of the day is "W" for win.
dustay2121::HOLY $@%!. Kid I went to High School with won the Powerball
ChargersFan4Life001::you should call him and ask for some $$$$$ lol
mmoore2144::No one cares.
ChargersFan4Life001::I like Big shot Billups, good to see him back and make his 1st shot
Paul Allens Beard of 1983::How about them homer NBA TV commentators tonight?
mmoore2144::Mike Smith is a super homer. And I'm a Clipper fan. +1 for the mute button.
123cooldog::good win and welcome back Chauncey Billups
123cooldog::hahahahaha,
johndomenow::westbrook owns J lin on this play!! he needs to be more aggressive dont u agreet?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcPf5tXiujo
SB4LlFE::westbrick is trash
123cooldog::game over,  twolves/n
mmoore2144::nice.
Minnysota Vikings::Wolves "take out the trash" List: 1.) Derrick Williams 2.) Luke Ridnour 3.) Lou Amundson
LobCityCP32BG32::they're all overpaid too
famousfoot1000::Im am so sick of watching ridnour. cant wait for rubio to be back and hopefully trade luke for anything. the offense just looks so boreing when hes in there, and he always looks scared
dooder69::He's not that bad. But he is no Rubio.
Minnysota Vikings::Ridnour is a terrible distributor and can't play defense. Kinda 2 important things for a PG.
famousfoot1000::agreed
LobCityCP32BG32::the lakers might take him...they're always looking for old point guards
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Ridnour is not so old to be Lakers' PG
blumelouis::kiss my (_)_)
ESPN.com is my life::hilarious that people thought phil jackson was going to the clips.
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...the lakers are sooo talented....lmao
dooder69::He already has said he's not going to Coach again. Only considered the Lakers job because of their history and Talent
dooder69::Jamal Crawford will get way less playing time hopefully. He's fools gold. Very streaky and unpredictable. Playing with him must get old. He is lazy on defense and loves to shoot! Sounds like playground bruthas to me.
skoony::chauncey is back?!?! time to hop back on the bandwagon!
LobCityCP32BG32::now that's what i'm talkin' about...all aboard!! woot woot!
wolves_fan77::you know love didnt shoot very well tonight....but doesnt anyone think that him getting jordan and blake into foul was HUGE tonight?
wolves_fan77::tonight they were....wolves are without 3 key players, two of them starters.
Flash Barrett::When does Love ever shoot well?
LobCityCP32BG32::clips are too deep
LobCityCP32BG32::that doesn't mean the clippers aren't deep...I said nothing about the wolves
famousfoot1000::wolves were missing 3 starters
Niners4Lyfe5::Minnesota - Home of the most heffers in the country.
Minnysota Vikings::Giants vs Falcons in the NFC Championship game
Niners4Lyfe5::False - Niners &gt; Giants &gt; Falcons
LobCityCP32BG32::that's a good thing,..that means they have two good qb...steelers would love to have their problem right now
Niners4Lyfe5::They just did, dumb@ss.
Minnysota Vikings::the 49ers? LOL they can't even make up their mind on who's their QB. No way they'll get to the Super Bowl
Niners4Lyfe5::Fail
dooder69::What the heck? K-Love plays dirty too! He was under cutting and shoving guys around
LobCityCP32BG32::he did shove barnes for that offensive reb
dooder69::He under cuts guys when he gets them up in the air.
gsquared112::Kevin Love defenders: "But he's on the T-Wolves!"  Me: "You mean the same franchise KG took to the conference finals?"
Minnysota Vikings::If the Wolves had Rubio and AK47 tonight, they would have beaten the Clippers by 35
nealbronco87::If Love didn't suck they might've won tonight.
Minnysota Vikings::cute
Niners4Lyfe5::False - The T-Wolves blow.
dooder69::T-Wolves will be scary come playoff time! Like their balance and guard play.  Clippers having Chauncey is huge!! Crawford is a ball hog!!!  Crawford defensively is a black hole!!
LobCityCP32BG32::the west is tight...wolves might not make it
wolves_fan77::are either of you assuming that the clips will be there?
Flash Barrett::In the playoffs yeh...wat reason would I have to believe that the Clippers won't and Wolves will?
Flash Barrett::Wat will be scary about the Wolves being at home watching the playoffs?
Niners4Lyfe5::If they make the playoffs.
govikings363::Blake Griffin should get suspended for what he did to Kevin Love. You can't keep a player on the floor when he is trying to get up to play defense. It just shows how much of a $@%!$@ bag Griffin really is.
dooder69::Meh!! They both plat very physical!! K-Love loves to under cut you!!
TheBREEZ369::stop whining
Lavender5226::It's not whining it's fact.  Griffin tackled Love then laid on top of him.  It should have been called
Minnysota Vikings::Love will step on his face next game.
wolves_fan77::BRAY5150 - Haha love is a puss  I dont care if you dont like Kevin Love...but saying something like that take all credibility away from yourself
BRAY5150::Haha love is a puss
wolves_fan77::probably not suspended...but i do believe that a tech is the way its usually called
wolves_fan77::ESPN just referenced Jerry Springer with the Nets/Celtics brawl...
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils-Suns::Kevin Love is a great talent. If you're looking for an overrated player in the NBA,try Carmelo Anthony.
Flash Barrett::How can Melo be overrates when pple are always talking negatively about him? And at least he can get a team to the playoffs...Love can't even get a team to a .400 winning %
Niners4Lyfe5::Hey, the Suns lost by 40 to the Pistons tonight. U mad, bro?
govikings363::The most overrate player is Blake Griffin...
NunE-Z23::Thank You! It is easily Blake
nealbronco87::Both of them are overrated for some of the same reasons.
abklurch::the game is over but the refs are still calling fouls
