Br3tt11::Ellis's 33 &gt; Bogut's career high of 31!
aaronernest504::I am wearing a hoodie, talking to my girlfriend.  I am 17 years old and weigh 140 LBS.  As I am walking at night, a 28 year old man jumps out of his truck, he weighs twice what I do and is yelling at me.  I have a pack of skittles and an ice tea in my pocket.  He has a gun in his pocket.  Minutes later the 140LB kid is dead, his weapons of an ice tea and skittles are still in his pocket.  Friends of Zimmerman, the cops(Zimmerman it was common knowledge wanted to be a cop)  Do not do a GSR, Gun Shot Residue  Do not take his clothes as evidence  Do not take him in  Do not arrest him  Do not take his gun  Do not take his blood for a drug test  They do let him go  They believe whatever he says  Fact---Police chief is gone and officers involved can kiss their incompetent cop careers goodbye.  Fact---They took the dead guys blood for tests not the shooter,this alone will doom these idiots from ever putting on a badge again.  Fact---Cops ignored witnesses that did not agree with their accounts.
Knewmoney::I will die a warrior fan but since we don't have a shot is it to late to hop on the bucks ban wagon in support my boy monta ?
cyclonextrem::On behalf of the bucks fans, we welcome you.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Good win, Bucks.
nasrulhadi87::The bulls squad look mediocre. Derrick Rose is a poor man Allen Iverson
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
Jmrwacko::Meanwhile, at Madison Square Garden, the Knicks are still laughing hysterically about Monday's fiasco.
WeAreMarquette123::GET LOST FIBS
WeAreMarquette123::Brewers &gt; Cubs, Sox PACK &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; bears Bucks &lt; Bulls but who cares
Anyteaman::and Uwm and Uw Greenbay beats them to
Anyteaman::Badgers&gt; Illini Marquette&gt; Northwestern
WeAreMarquette123::+ all the other Illinois colleges
WeAreMarquette123::Heat &gt; Bulls
3ptsallday33::!og skcub htgie dees ereh ew emoc
BearSlayer1::The Miami Heat will own the Chicago Bulls in the playoffs just like they did last year. Now GTFO you d.ouche Chitcago fans.
bagofmoney_30::miami is weak in the head
bagofmoney_30::IMAN SHUMPERT SHUT DOWN ELLIS
Chicago_74_BOS::Funny MIL thinks they are going to win depending on Ellis/Jennings jump shots........how did Golden State do depending on Ellis/Curry jump shots? 100% no chance for the playoffs.
bballtonight4::Exactly
CornhuskerKid02::except Milwaukee defends you idiot, GS never had trouble scoring, they just didn't play D
WarriorsGO::Actually our problem was we didn't play in east or we would make playoffs every year.
Prolyfik_shotz::You're trying sooooo hard...lmao.
Chicago_74_BOS::What I'm a Bulls fan.
--.Bullster.--::pardon me, i didn't know what the BOS meant
--.Bullster.--::you're a boston fan so you must know how brutal their april schedule is. you really think they can stay 4 games ahead?
Chicago_74_BOS::The Hawks should have lost by 30 tonight. simply a horrible effort, yet they still were in the game until the last 3 or 4 minute. Embarrassing performance by MIL.
Goodbar77::Bulls will not win a title. Derrick Rose sucks, sorry. I'd take Rondo or CP3 any day. An MVP doesn't shoot 41% from the field
cyclonextrem::The bucks were MISSING 2 starter
impalergb::Ur dumb atl had a great effort bucks can go far when ellis n jennings score lots bulls still wont win a title
GetHype21::EL HEAT = EL BULLS DADDY!
--.Bullster.--::los bulls (and i'm white)
Chicago_74_BOS::Boston is trash, but the Bucks are worse.
WeAreMarquette123::Bucks &gt; D Rose's groin
bagofmoney_30::FRENCH MONTANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
wadexplorer::bucks and knicks are making the playoffs.. so it's either Boston or Philly is the odd team out.
--.Bullster.--::boston in april: 3-12 at best heat, spurs, bulls, pacers, sixers, heat, hawks, raptors, nets, bobcats, knicks, magic, hawks, heat, bucks
--.Bullster.--::with 4 back to backs and 1 back to back to back
bagofmoney_30::FREE MY BOY MAX B
Chicago_74_BOS::Only the Bucks could let a career D-Leaguer like Ivan Johnson go off for 17.
impalergb::Joe johnson mia ellis shut him down ha suck that bull wipe
Trevor-The-Great::They still won the game. That makes no difference.
GetHype21::Way to go Bucks!!!
--.Bullster.--::bucks will get #8 because boston will only win 2 games in april and drop to 9
Chicago_74_BOS::Packers = discount double checked by the Giants lol.
impalergb::I see chicago doesnt know what he talkibg about sports in general
jhaw4evr::Last time I checked Detroit also won more games than the Bears....I don't get why people try to $@%! off when their team is worse.
--.Bullster.--::double checked by the whole NFL would mean 0-16.  I'm sorry you didn't understand
GetHype21::Bears - discount double checked "4" (LOL) times in 2011 by the Packers. LOSERS!
BearSlayer1::BOOM! HAHAHAHAHHA!
buckspackers23::Bears = Discount double checked by the whole NFL.
Tyler45818::Detroit made the playoffs...
--.Bullster.--::they won 8 games, we aren't detroit
OptimusPrime4.0::Mike Dunleavy Jr has been shooting the ball really good of late providing solid production off the bench
lhscf1::6th man of the year if the bucks make it into the playoffs, imo
EbbNFlow88::Nah as much as Mike Dunleavy been killing it, Harden is easily the 6th man of the year this time round
ima brave falcon hawk::bucks fans who yall play tommarrow
impalergb::We play memphis sat
buckspackers23::Nobody. Cleveland Friday. Washington saturday. You guys were our last tough opponent until OKC on April 9th
Milwaukee Bucks.::we play Cavs on friday
--.Bullster.--::you're on espn. is it that hard to look?  cavs on friday
Chicago_74_BOS::With no Fielder, it looks like Braun and his Steroids are going to have to carry the load this year.
Smooth-handsHanson::system was flawed, first ever to get overturned if you haven't heard.
pvb_23::*groin
pvb_23::At least he's not a $@%!$ like d rose and sits out half the year with a pulled goring that he probably hurt bangin an ugly a$$ stripper from chi town
TheTristanShow::The Bucks are too easy now... If Ellis/Jennings shoots well they win, if not they lose. Simple as that.
Anyteaman::bad*
pvb_23::*shoot
TheTristanShow::My B
ima brave falcon hawk::its a shame i like more heat fans than bulls fans
saadenger11::LOL Ivan Johnson 7/7??? wtf hahahaha
Kobe the Excellence Ejaculator::god damn
JR420EIGHTBALL::It's sad the bucks will make the playoffs by default lol
Chicago_74_BOS::Hey, at least you good people can just watch us sweep the Knicks instead of you guys.
Milwaukee Bucks.::Bandwagon
pvb_23::Alright u idiots talking baseball let's play football pus.sies Packers &gt; Bears ....the bears still suck
ima brave falcon hawk::your a troll
bcksrckchad::don't be counting your chickens just yet...
the myth.::im cheering for the bucks as a bulls fan i would love to see the knicks faces if they dont even make the playoffs
KevinBryant1987::But the bucks won't make the playoffs because they have Ellis and Jennings.
Milwaukee Bucks.::That would be funny. They are still confident without Amare for the rest of the season. What idiots
ima brave falcon hawk::wish you bucks some luck
Milwaukee Bucks.::Thanks man wish the Hawks luck also
ima brave falcon hawk::why are bulls fans on here?
ima brave falcon hawk::this game had notthing to do with your overrated player
--.Bullster.--::i haven't said 1 thing about the hawks. you need to settle down
ima brave falcon hawk::nah your just here to troll the hawks for losing its fine
--.Bullster.--::true, but i'm interested in the bucks getting #8 and we play the hawks tomorrow.
--.Bullster.--::because i like basketball?
ima brave falcon hawk::idgaf
--.Bullster.--::have i said "you suck go bulls?" no.
ima brave falcon hawk::nah because your all bandwagon trolls
ctowngambler78::Go Bucks get that 8 seed and beat the Bulls!!!!
ctowngambler78::I'm a Cavs fan....
bagofmoney_30::LOL
Milwaukee Bucks.::Easy schedule coming up for the Bucks. Hard schedule for the Knicks  LETS MAKE SOME MOVES!!
bagofmoney_30::MEMPHIS ISNT EASY
Milwaukee Bucks.::Cavs x2 Wizards Bobcats Trailblazers  Sounds easy to me
Chicago_74_BOS::Bulls = NBA Champs
raiders415417::thunder would whoop ur $@%
Abe507::boy shut your mouth
raiders415417::as a warriors fan...pissed that we got injured bogut for monta.   GSW has terrible management!!
inefekt::What are you a m0ron? This was the first decent game he's had in a Bucks uniform, prior to this he had 12ppg at 35%, he has one good game in 7 and suddenly he's an irreplaceable superstar? Get a clue.........
Milwaukee Bucks.::Bogut will help you if he can stay healthy
mrkennedy23::It's Golden State.  Players have a history of being injured there.
mrkennedy23::BOOOOOOOOO!!!!!  That goes on in my head every time I hear or see Lacob on TV.
Chicago_74_BOS::Fielder is going to tear apart that NL Central this year...oh wait.
jhaw4evr::they are the brewers buddy. not the braves. it is the 21st century? not sure where the braves came in here
Domrosej::Not even a braves fan....
Domrosej::what u go from the nl central to the braves?
rkuske10::isn't this conversation for a basketball game?
Chicago_74_BOS::Sox &gt;  When did the Braves last win a world series or playoff series???
Domrosej::Cubs are gonna tear up the NL Central this year...oh wait.
Michael Bibby XII::Is a Chicago fan really talking smack about baseball?
ima brave falcon hawk::lets go hawks tommarrow good game today im all ways exsited when the hawks try in a game and they tried even tough they lost good job hawks on to the next game to Atlanta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WiscKYSportsFan12::Bulls w/o Rose &gt; Bulls w/ Rose
the myth.::cmon man a bucks fan know how good rose is  hawks fans too. dont let the troll get to u  chicago 74 is just a doosh
Chicago_74_BOS::Sox &gt; Crew
boctorboda3::Which one made the NLCS last year?
--.Bullster.--::i would hope the sox didn't make the nlcs
buckspackers23::HA!   Fucker.
Milwaukee Bucks.::Hes a funny troll
--.Bullster.--::bucks could be playing boston on the last day of the regular season for #8
Michael Bibby XII::You cannot stop Ivan Johnson, you can only hope to contain him.
ima brave falcon hawk::more like leach him
bustasports::full nba 2011 re-draft i must admit the bucks made some serious drafting mistakes http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-2011-nba-re-draft.html
ima brave falcon hawk::i hope the bucks do good in the play offs forget the knicks
SportsFan8916::Don't get bitter at my comments Hawks fan they're a decent team but that's it..I ive in Orlando and think the Magic suck because of their management..gotta be realistic..both teams have good talent but horrible management and won't make it far down the road..but Magic have a great chance than Hawks if they just play with more structure..only reason the Hawks are playing better these past 2 yrs under Drew is because his structred coaching style..aka Defense
buckspackers23::Ahh, Monta was away from his kids the whole time, but they were there tonight so he played well. Makes sense.
mrkennedy23::Where do his kids live, Memphis?
wadexplorer::Bucks should not win any more games.. they won't make it in the playoffs anyway.. just get better position in the draft.
Chicago_74_BOS::Its so cute how a small market like Milwaukee gets an off brand guy like Monta Ellis and thinks they have a "superstar"
foolimug64::Not a bucks fan, but the Heat will take care of yall
foolimug64::im talking about the bulls
rkuske10::Bucks won the season series 2-1
WiscKYSportsFan12::Derrick Rose is overrated.   FACT
buckspackers23::Honestly, if he didn't get to the free throw line, he would have a terrible FG percentage. Just look at the playoff numbers from last year.
