Rayh0ven::<u> Baaaa </u>
Rayh0ven::<i> Baaaaa </i>
Rayh0ven::<b> Baaaaa </b>
BudokaiJones::What's cool about this Magic team, beyond the fact that we're playing above expectation, is that we have about 5-6 that can score 20+ points on any given night. I think the future is promising, looking forward to see what Hennigan does with the roster over the next couple of seasons.
Gimpay::Not a Magic fan, but it feels good to see the magic about equal with the lakers after all of dwights antics last year.
ssj2gokuvsgallade::When we get Turk back, we'll be good. If only we kept Anderson...
McCovey521::Just about a little more than a week ago, Jared Dudley was mouthing off about getting blown out 117-77 by Detroit.   He says we have no business losing to this team, they are a bad team period.   Well..... I've got news for you Dudley, the Suns are just as bad or worse.
ssj2gokuvsgallade::Any other Magic fans thinking Andrew might be the next D12??? Except actually stay in Orlando? :P
Telkalynn3013::I wonder when people will stopped being shocked the Magic beat their team?  I don't see them making the playoffs but they're by no means an automatic W.  They may not win but they bring it every night.
ssj2gokuvsgallade::It depends with Orlando. When  they play their best, they can at least contend with a team like Atlanta. But, when it's not a good night, teams like Charlotte can beat them.
TARHEEL064::Marshall sent to the d-league.  I wish he would have remained at UNC for at least on more season.  But, he's a millionaire in the d-league.  I hope he makes it back to the NBA and hopefully gets some run; if not with the Suns, then with another team.
dwight howards free throw academy::Getting Turk back in a week or two will be huge.  He'll add size and someone who isn't afraid to take the late shots.  Good road trip but that loss to SAC really stunk.
McCovey521::The guy who the Magic really miss is Al Harrington.  He would help a lot.
xx3825::Nicholson was an absolute f.ucking monster in college. The league better watch out when this guy puts it together.
brun0293::sure miss Beasley's great play on the Wolves.
jess1968inAZ::Been using a bet system named Sportsbettingstar the past couple months. Ive made around $3,000 a month each month I have used this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find out more how it works. If you bet on sports this system is a must see.
spenny18::do you guys get your money back?
Jacque Vaughn vs The World::Weird stat of the night: Dequan Jones: 1 minute, 0 stats of any kind, +/-: +4, lol
TheCronoMasterMind::A few things this game showed: 1) Nicholson deserves more play time if he's going to play like that 2) No Nelson is a good thing sometimes, though he can make big shots 3) JJ is the focal point of this team, might as well build around him 4) Big Baby has a thing for jumping into old ladies in the crowd 5) Vaughn knows what he's doing when he takes out the starters. I'm sure there is more, but this was a pretty good game to watch. Glad to end the road trip on a good note, and cap it off with a Lakers' loss. Go Magic! Let's change this tide against the Hawks Wednesday!
dwight howards free throw academy::and stiff arming towel boys
asdbluecfl::Good overall review, agree with everything but Big Baby, he has a thing for jumping into anybody in the crowd. lol.
Jacque Vaughn vs The World::If this game doesn't get Vaughn to give Nicholson more minutes I don't know what will. The kid is ridiculous when he gets more than 15 minutes a game
redevelopmentguy::Time to nuke this team.
arizonasting13::glad the suns lost, lets get that top 3 pick
yawle7::SUNS will not win another game... How pathetic... Thanks Sarver for nothing... What a Joke...
royalblue4life::Redick the MVP of this game. His 20pts. and 9 dimes and the spacing he brought to the floor was what gave the Magic the burst they needed to take control of the game.
CandySparker::Call a Suns, Nicholson.
Gabriel Night::GG Suns fans. You've got some tough games ahead, hang in there.
Magic are better than you::Nice win magic!
Elton7323::wow andrew u went ham i hope u get more minutes because ur r future.
DTangMF::Wonder how long we will have to wait til Magic is a title contender again......
GeorgeTownDC29::Till you get a superstar to build around either through draft or free agency. Honestly Im surprised you are playing as good as you are this season
mad2bee4::KObe 3-10 at the Half...
mad2bee4::Whats up with the Laker defense, ouch 60 at the half by the Jazz,,,
mad2bee4::Jazz taken it to the Lakers as we speak, YES!!!
Sedan84::Wow...we lost at home to the Magic at home? This is going to be a very very long year.
Sedan84::Thanks for the info. Do you know what an upper case is for?
mad2bee4::lo, Now all we need is a laker loss an this will be a great week...
MagicBoltzRays::take out one of the "at home" 's
UCF knights 21::Good news is we just moved ahead of the Bobcats in the standings.
DTangMF::So Harkless is in the starting lineup for Defensive purpose?
DTangMF::i c, thanks man~
JDAnderson94::Yea, and Redick seems to be more comfortable off the bench.
bailbonds16@optonline.net::the suns get the 6 th man award for helping  all of the nba teams
SBUoutlaw7::good to see Nicholson finally get some minutes...
chris johnson 558::LAKERS ARE LOSING AGAIN LOL
Timisoara20::$@%! the suns u garbage pieces of $@%!. This twice in a week u screwed me. This team is so sorry my pistons would $@%! on these sorry $@%!$@%!
Idris5249::idk what they screwed you in, but if it's because of a bet all i can say is that it's your own damn fault that you bet on a team that has lost 6 in a row. you know each game is not guaranteed. stop crying and put your big boy pants on you little chicken s.h.i.t and if you don't wanna be screwed, stop gambling. common sense fu.cking moron!
Orange6O2::The Pistons did $@%! on this sorry team
pedrobear1::Suns are a joke
FORKWDEVIL::we are.
C.H.VODKA::Time to COLLECT  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Oh were are you bookie ......... lmao
Hibb49::u miss the over stupid
chris johnson 558::JJ REDICK FOR THE 6TH MAN OF THE YEAR
hmqenz::if the magic were better, or if he was on a better team, he would get more attention
TheCronoMasterMind::Good game guys! :) See you Wednesday :P
Drle5761::I hate when i lose a bet on team like Suns and watch how morons like Gortat or Beasley go into "yeahh bro, hell of a game, we fought but you were just better in this spectacular match" with opposition players.
Reppin_time::get a good deserved two days rest.  Then back at home Wednesday GO MAGIC!!!!
bailbonds16@optonline.net::the sun succcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc k
JDAnderson94::Good game guys! Hope you guys can break the losing streak.
JOE CARLS::Well atleast Beasley played his empty heart out tonight! He gave his -100%
Orange6O2::Phoenix= Football team with a 9 game losing streak, basketball team with a 7 game losing streak
FORKWDEVIL::riveting isn't it?
FORKWDEVIL::Gotat wants to go back home... huggy huggy
C.H.VODKA::MAGIC winnersssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss , Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Yea so Gusto just lost his job. I say give O'Quinn a chance. At least a few games at the back-up center.
