Shoot Jung::Don't bet on Cavaliers! They are going to lose.
Stanton Sasaki::Can't believe Anthony Bennett is so bad. He's making Nerlens Noel look like he's having a great season, and he hasn't even played yet this year.
Dave Kaufman::Yes, I would agree that Noel is well ahead of Bennett in the rookie of the year race.  It's too early to give up on him, but I really wish Bennett would show us something to give us some glimmer of hope.
Vjekoslav Vic Nogalo::Can't believe someone didn't step up for the Cavs tonight
Steven Hutchison::Ya Andy only had 18pts 24 rebounds....thats an average night.......duhhhhhhhh
Eric Howard::I can
Brian Adams::Nogalo...heh? Cavs won ..!
Drizzlez Wang::Varejao for allstar?
Brett Reid::i thought the magic were awful, but the cavs are just something else. No way Kyrie stays with this team, Cavs are going nowhere with a coach that should have never been given a second term. How he's still there suprises me.
Steven Hutchison::Hey Brett.....who won?.....lol
Tommy Mcbroom::but the cavs won
Justin Balogh::Wow, the Cavs were able to finish a game! This team really isn't that bad, it's just in crunch time when the Cavs can't get it done...with the exception of a few blowouts this year...
Jake Gilliland::Scrap on boys...Andy doing his best Dwight Howard impersonation and Waiters doing his Kyrie...luving it.
Paul Lewis::Need to get rid of Andy. He's an overachiever who I'm sure Miami would give us three 2nd round picks to take him off our hands.
Kevin Miller::Are you crazy? He just got 25 rebounds and has been dominant consistently all year
Paul Lewis::Kevin Miller  Keeping him may knock us out of contention for the number ! pick next year. That would keep us from getting the chance to select another Anthony  Bennett.
Jon Zimmer::3 2nd rounder for Andy?  Someone forgot to take their medication.
Michael Greenawalt::Wow, I turned the game off when they got down 10 late.   Oh me of little faith!
Shawn Bento::embarrassing offensive performances
Pat Zamora::Another productive night for Anthony "D League" Bennett
Stephen Foley::Jarrett Jack is gonna have to go off if the Cavs are gonna win this.
Dave Kaufman::Will Anthony Bennett ever have a breakout game?
Chris Aaron::He needs minutes
Justin Nixon::they have really failed this kid by not sending him to the D-League to get his confidence back
Charles Equipped Russ::Chris Aaron Minutes? The kid needs to develop. D-League written all over him....
Mike Day::a coLLapse only the Magic could produce
Brett Goldman::Wow, Magic just were awful down the stretch
Laurence Hoang Nguyen::Someone tell me if this gsme is not rigged
Ryan Hamersley::Looked pretty clean to me.  Refs weren't good at all in the game, but if I had a gun to my head, I'd say they helped the Magic more.  The refs didn't make E'Twaun Moore miss two free throws that would have sealed it.
Janessa Ballesteros::2 terrible teams ,magic got this game
Janessa Ballesteros::cavs are even worse then the magic lol
Tyler Arnold::Cavs are awesome don't let me down Mo
Eric Howard::cavaliers really suck !!
Eric Howard::lol that #1  pick  is  doin great  LMAO
Jon Zimmer::Eric Howard  On average how many times a week do the villagers chase you with torches?
George Chip Thayer::Jon Zimmer go easy on Eric.   He's in Kentucky.
Michael Shen::Hope Kyrie plays in this game~~ Go CAVS!!
Brian Adams::Jung, whats that again?
Jake Ustjanauskas::game is fixed who cares
Jody Hbk Jracula::Irving not playing.
Daniel Kiraly::no kyrie = win?
