Gogoberrymix6::If you are wondering what the Bulls SOS is heading into all star break, I will tell you.  You ready?  30th.  Yes 30th
muel5708::No way!?!?!  So that means if they had an average schedule, they would be a 4-5 seed?   Hmmmm......that puts their inflated record in perspective.  Thanks gogo for your enlightenment
Gogoberrymix6::Well thanks Muel5708.  I'm glad at least one Bulls fan is open for criticism.
53Kevin::For you Knick fans that get on this board and join in with the stupid Heat fans trying to rip us here is a stat for you,Rose vs the Heat in Miami-34PNTS,6REBS,6AST,2TO'S,+4DIFF/  Lin vs the Heat in Miami-8PNTS,6REB,3AST,8TO'S,-19DIFF.An injured Bulls team only lost by 5 pnts.Your healty Knicks-loss 108-88.Stay off our board with this Lin is better than Rose $@%!!!!!!!
WOOTPANCEONFIRE::Noah would get a triple double every night if CP3 was his PG.
ahwickman::Hey your a funny guy
lovesports3409::When Noah comes to play....this.
IlliniDave68::When he's not hitting the g.anja in the off-season. ;)  He clearly wasn't ready to play, early on in the season, but has picked it up as the season has progressed.
IlliniDave68::Noah pretty much averages a double double, when healthy, as it is. That's good enough for me!
Apakalypse085::Rose &gt; CP3
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Yeahhhhh...no.
Apakalypse085::are the boards slow again?
IlliniDave68::Looks like. Even over on the Blackhawks-Stars convo.
impalergb::Man the bucks suck letting Noah get a triple double I mean geez the guyshoots like a queer duck looks like Frankenstein
impalergb::Yea we can beat the heat whoopees but $@%! u let a Guy who shoots like a girl I'll never like Noah he dissed us on draft night
53Kevin::They didn't suck beating the Heat.lol
Apakalypse085::lol that was pretty funny, but Noah's good when he's on dude.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Yeah! How can he manage a triple double with the way he looks? It doesnt make sense.
Playing2wintheGame::Probably Al Bundys HS
Apakalypse085::and what Polkhigh said.
RyanCarranza::Joakim Noah gets a triple double in 3 quarters of last nights game and Jeremy Lin and the Knicks are .500 and get all coverage.  This is annoying to the point where I wish Tebow was playing again.
53Kevin::Thats all right,let the Knicks and Heat get all the coverage.Then the Bulls can make the whole espn world look stupid.
Apakalypse085::Oh but he will in a few months...
Apakalypse085::ha, I guess.
RyanCarranza::Be careful what I wish for, huh?
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Watching Sportscenter is fu.cking unreal. Yaayyyy the Knicks are .500. Lets talk about them for the first 20min.....again
IlliniDave68::Remember, it's ESPN where Entertainment comes BEFORE Sports in the name. Also, they're HQ'd in Bristol, Connecticut which explains their extreme northeastern sports bias.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Exactly what I was thinking. I know I may be a little bias because Im a Bulls fan but its pretty ridiculous. We already had to go through this sh.it during the football season.
IlliniDave68::I couldn't stand him when he was at UF (because I DESPISE the Gators) but Tebow's a good, Godly person. The greatest QB? Nope. He constantly does good works off the field, though, so don't be surprised to hear his name mentioned in conjunction with the Walter Payton award.
Apakalypse085::I got no problem with the guy. I do think he's a very crappy QB and gets too much hype surrounding him though.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Ehh. I cant stand Tebow. It might be because of all the hype. Probably because he is awful and gets treated like a top QB.
Apakalypse085::I don't actually hate Lin or Tebow. it's all the coverage they get is what p.isses me off.
Apakalypse085::They just look to hype up the new big thing.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::I just stopped watching ESPN during the Tebow crap. Now I thought it was safe again....nope.
Apakalypse085::It's either the Heat or Knicks. Bulls get no coverage.
RyanCarranza::It seriously is pathetic at this point.
Apakalypse085::I think it's worse than Tebow actually, way worse.
Apakalypse085::Bulls only got that 1 min piece about Noah. Showed no highlights, just that little piece. Unreal. You'd think a team this good would get more coverage....
53Kevin::Don't worry about it.Let espn have it's fun.You don't think coach thibbs will use this as bulletin board material?
Apakalypse085::Can't wait til the Bulls beat them down....ending the Linsanity.
Apakalypse085::Superstars do not grow on trees. This team can win with almost everything they have now. I would not trade Deng or Noah for someone I don't know will even sign an extension. The only reasonable trade I see is trading for a 2. We don't know if Rip will last throughout the entire playoffs and that's when we need him the most. If the Bulls get another Big, that'd make Asik expendable. I like the guy, but we need another 2. Asik, Korver, and a 2nd rd pick for Mayo.
NotEvenMad::Ah... Had a good laugh watching The Herd... Chicago fans calling in saying trading Deng for Howard or Deng + Noah for Gasol could happen lolol..
ahwickman::Boozer + Watson + Charlotte's First Round Pick for Gasol and Derek Fisher.
AdamSaidThis::Gasol is not worth Noah + anything. I'd rather have Noah.
53Kevin::If you listen to Herd,no wonder you're stupid.The both of you are dumb as $@%! when it comes to sports topics.Steven A.Smith already put Colin Cowass in check when it comes down to the Bulls.Did you hear that one?
IlliniDave68::Boozer and Watson for Gasol is much more palatable in my book.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Deng and Noah for Gasol would be absolutely terrible for the Bulls.
Apakalypse085::We'd just get a better version of the crappy Boozer.
boudz::it says your not even mad, but you mad bro?
Apakalypse085::Not all fans want that...just the stupid ones.
NotEvenMad::Clearly said I was laughing.. Who laughs when their mad? I just find it hilarious how Chicago fans assume they can get star/great players by offering up basically nothing in return :D
chwig10::It's hilarious that Brandon Jennings is talking about Big Market teams and keeping his options open.  I've got news for you Brandon, in any Big Market, they already have shooters and they can shoot well above .400.  You will be on the bench in a big market- but keep on thinking your crap don't stink
John Claytons Twin::First Trip-dub by a Bulls center in 35 years - nice work!!  I never thought Noahs game would translate to the NBA, but I was totally off on this guy...
StephanieQuick23::Ronnie Brewer and Thibs cleared the air on the Gasol/Boozer rumors: http://www.thewindyapple.com/2012/02/23/ronnie-brewer-and-tom-thibodeau-clear-the-air/
ADubbs04::i dont know if i would classify this as a big win, but nicely done anyway
jjjloy::I feel for Jennings he is a hell of a player and he is getting no help in Milwaukee. Being a Sixers fan(I know were starting to show true colors) The bulls are the scariest team in East
acefspradez::Herb Kohl...sell the team.  We don't want you in Wisconsin.  You are retiring from the Senate (finally)!!!  Now sell the Bucks to someone who actually cares and WANTS to win.
John Claytons Twin::Steve Ballmer is waiting here in Seattle with his hundreds of millions (Microsoft CEO).  Ball-mer loves the round-ball...
Apakalypse085::Seattle?
kfoges03::vegas?
Jaguarcrazyboy::Great win before break.. Congrats to the Bulls.. You guys are putting on a show.GO BULLS
ahwickman::Whens Hamilton coming back?  What is the leg problem?
rynodesign::He isn't hurting anymore. He is sitting until the staff is ready for him to come back. He worth more later. But I do believe that he needs time to mesh with the rest of the team.
Detmar08::Predicting after the all-star break but who knows. Thibs has said Rip won't play until he is 100% healthy
Jaguarcrazyboy::Next week.
markos kolioulis::he's expected to start in the game against new orleans
PleaseDontBanMeBro::Best thing about Bulls/Bucks is never having to see Packer fans in here.
acefspradez::You guys do have <b>one </b>good thing in Chicago...the BULLS!!   Great organization!!!   Bucks will never compete with Herb (I'm only good at owning a department store chain and suck as a Senator and pro sports team owner) Kohl. That's pretty much it though.
Chi Town Stand Up::Bulls fans, don't worry about trades. As long as we don't trade the White Mamba we'll be raking in rings by the hundred
Chi Town Stand Up::Noah man, what a boss
workman47::Triple double for Noah????
Detmar08::I was at the game. Ridiculous!
Bears3412::yea boiiii
GetOffMeDude::Bulls fans, don't be so discouraged about last year's ECF.  It was a close series and Heat "fans" know this.
Winning .::I hate the damn Bucks. Show you care at least.
53Kevin::Not as much as the Packers I hope.
chadhenne07::i will throw away my bulls jersery and take my Drose adizero shoes back to the store for a refund if bulls trade deng for howard or gasol.......since 98 bulls have been waiting for that team to get back to championship caliber....now we are the best ....and u wanna screw it all up again......NO DEAL
ASaini91::Please stop watching anything and go hit the books if you dont know how to spell "chemistry".  Otherwise I agree with you on the trade issue
Apakalypse085::Pet Cemestry
yardog59::*******DING, DING, DING********  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^GRAMMAR COP, GRAMMAR COP^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  Yeah, that covers spelling as well. But don't you feel better now??
chadhenne07::no u stop watching basketball if u dont understand that the bulls team have cemestry.....cemestry is something u cant coach....its like communicating without talking ...just eye contact....do u see the ball movement 1st in assist....what we need dwight for bulls are 2nd in reb...........9th in scoring.....defense???...3rd...what we need dwight for.....we are top 5 in everything he would have helped us with....u dont break up a team that plays together and hard and noah aint no slouch by the way...u just dont understand team building your a bandwagon for names
nocioniisgod::are you silly? having dwight howard and Rose on the same team would be an upgrade no matter how you look at it. Having all this depth gives us the option to give some of it away and still have a decent bench. If you can honestly tell me that you would not the most dominate center in the game on your team, on the same team as arguably the best point guard in the game, then maybe you should stop watching basketball.
Chi Town Stand Up::For someone who's name is Nocioni is god you don't really get the concept of hustle role players and team ball. We already have one of the deepest teams in the NBA. We're not giving up that for 1 player. Look at the Knicks.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::Damn! Just looked at the box score. Noah with a triple double! We don't need Howard!
Bears3412::He had a triple double through 3 quarters. He's a man!
Detmar08::I believe he had one in 29 minutes played. Now that is a stat!
chadhenne07::lmao....thats what i have been saying....dont break up the perfect team that paxson has helped put together
53Kevin::What makes you so sure they can't?
53Kevin::Oh really?How many PG's do the heat have to back up chalmers?the Bulls have 3 PG's that can back up rose that can start 4 more than half the teams in the NBA.Who's the SG backikg up wade?The Bulls backup SG is Brewer who is getting plenty of playing time holding his own until Rip comes back.And if that's not enough,Korver can swing from the 2 to the 3.Who backs up Bosh?Boozers backup is the very athletic  Gibson.A shot blocking defensive ace that will dunk it on your head,ask Wade.So don't sit on here talking about the Heat are deeper than the Bulls thats bull-$@%!!
Detmar08::You really think the Heat's bench is better than the Bulls?!?!??! hahahahahahahaa
NotEvenMad::The heat's bench is deeper than the bulls, it should be a good series though.
Chi Town Stand Up::Development of young players (how you build up a truly great team), Rip Hamilton, more chemistry, Carlos Boozer is healthy, as is Joakim Noah, Jimmy Butler addition, Omer Asik turning into a much player, more playoff experience, more experience as a team, a savy coach who knows even more this year, Shall I keep going?
chadhenne07::scoring ...nocion.....just to answer your question...and everything else is better to by the way.....
nocioniisgod::what is the difference between the Bulls of this year an last year...what makes you so sure they can get by Miami this year?
chadhenne07::there is no doubt in my mind the bulls will win the ring this year....losing to the heat by 4 points, without deng and cj, with the heat healthy, on the road during a 9 game road trip, tells me there is nothing to worry about....the way we lost was rose missing two free throws that would have won the game ....seriously free throws would have won it...without our best defender .....bulls are gonna win it all ..
53Kevin::Heat fans are blind to this fact.They keep wanting to bring up last years team which was their 1st full year 2gether with Bogans at the 2 spot.The live in the past about beating us but don't wanna never bring up last year's nba finals vs the Mavericks.
Rivera_89::don't forget rip was already kind of gimpy for that game. Can't wait to see all 5 starters on the court
--.Bullster.--::No surprise here. Bulls love beating up on the bad teams that Miami struggles against.
chadhenne07::same thing with the heat talking about bulls all the time...it goes both ways....tables has turned from cleveland and boston....to miami and chicago..best in nba
HeatIsBeastOfEast::Always talking about the Heat. Enjoy the win and that Boozer actually produced for the Bulls.
53Kevin::Thats bcuz you heat fans are always on here.I f you don't want us to talk about your Heat,heatisbeastofeast,then keep you're dumb $@%!$ off our board.You and your stupid Heat friends!
Detmar08::Another LeBron jock rider on a Bulls board
--.Bullster.--::on a bulls board at 1:30 am ET?
chadhenne07::heat 1-2 vs bucks/ bulls are 3-0.....pass it on
Mr Calogero::Bulls going to the finalssssssss
chadhenne07::i was reading some of yalls comments as i scrolled down .........i am a lil crushed u some of u guys would even consider trading deng for anyone....i dont care if it was deng for howard.......i wouldnt break up the bulls cemestry like that...if bulls get howard than your asking rose to play like cp3.....and thats not who he is...the bulls are fine the way they are...no trades, no nothing...keep the same squad for years ...bulls will win the championship trust me
Olliebasketballs::We have to risk trading Deng as part of a package for Howard.  Bottom line, we need a second superstar.  Is it possible that we could win a championship with the team as is?  Yes.  Is it likely? No.  The worst thing that could happen, is we don't surround Rose with enough talent to win a chip, and then he splits for LA in 6 years.
chadhenne07::ollie i hope your are not hired by the bulls to make trades.......u dont fix something that isnt broken..............BULLS DONT NEED HOWARDDDDDDDDDD
CHITOWNBULLS1991::yeah i agree too
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::agreed!
nocioniisgod::tthats a very interesting mix of teams you like
chadhenne07::thats right
HeatIsBeastOfEast::Good game by the Bulls
greg94327::Also why the hell would Gasoft go to chicago. The Fake Show arent going to trade Gasoft for Boozer straight up and asking for anything more would just make it a dumb trade as it is. Boozer has been argueably the most consistant player on the Bulls this year regardless of his school-girl defense.
Chi Town Stand Up::Luol Deng is more consistent when healthy
greg94327::let me address something that pisses me the f*** off. If the Bulls have to shop Deng for Howard they will, i like Deng but lets get serious, Howard is the best big man in the NBA and you're going to pair him with the best Point Guard and Bench? If Howard goes to the Bulls just give them the title now.
Daniel12784::Was  very happy for Noah tonight!   Hope he keeps it up!
Madhouse_United_::We're back to normal.
Madhouse_United_::kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
dcstern2::You know people who are critical of DRose's passing skills and try and cite his somewhat less-than-stellar APG as evidence should remember performances like this one by Noah. The Bulls are one of the best passing teams in the league, and indeed are #1 in the league for APG as a team. Part of the reason Rose doesn't get as many assists as CP3 and others is that his teammates are such stellar passers themselves that they'll often make an extra pass beyond Rose's to find an even more wide open player. Their team chemistry is absolutely fantastic.
Mcatee1117::Well said!
Dirk is my Supreme Chancellor::Bulls fans would you trade Deng and Boozer for Gasol?
dabulls2012::NO - Deng has transitioned to untradeable...who even attempts to slow down LeBron is Lu isn't there?
pvmountaineer::Why would we ruin what we have
mccoywajmu::no f u cking way are you serious
Daniel12784::No way!!!!
Danny0621::If they ever do a trade it will be for HOWARD!!!
nocioniisgod::no...thatd hurt us more than help us
Gogoberrymix6.::...
mccoywajmu::we arent getting gasol for boozer straight up...you are going to have to include cj watson and probably korver/brewer....the question is would bulls fans do that? i would
mgruz014::no if boozer steps his play up hes just as good as gasol
BillKnebel::Coolest thing I remember boozer doing was getting drunk and falling over his gym bag in his hotel room
Dirk is my Supreme Chancellor::I just realized this season is over halfway over already. Crazy
Brandon59338::Bulls have the hottest cheerleaders, year after year
Brandon59338::Bulls have the hottest cheerleaders, year after year
Madhouse_United_::Facts are facts. The Bulls have not been in the Playoffs since 2011.
mccoywajmu::yeah i know right...seems like 8 or 9 months since we been in the playoffs
Madhouse_United_::You heard it here first...Bulls will be hosting a playoff game this year.
Madhouse_United::In other News..... The sky is blue, Kardashian has a world record 1 min marriage, and Pizza in the US is the best in Chicago..........
Why did those cadaver humping MODS ban me this time::they really need to get a first round bye... rest up.  i.e. Knicks
CavsFan86::Hey bulls fans, would you trade boozer for gasol?
mgruz014::yes but it would have to include watson too so therefore no
dorfs641::straight up? yes....depends who they would tack on to this mystery deal
CavsFan86::I agree with you all.. i'd def do that
GreeNugz8::yup
Madhouse_United_::YES!!!!!!!!!! That is my wish everyday at 11:11.
Brandon59338::YES is this Mich Kup?  Lets make it happen
CHITOWNBULLS1991::yes
Madhouse_United_::Bulls will definetly make the playoffs.
mgruz014::no sh*t sherlock
Terry 1953::wow so do the other 15 teams
dorfs641::sh!t...way to go out on a limb
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I don't know man....lol
Dirk is my Supreme Chancellor::What would be more ridiculous:  Having Boozer or Lebron be a NBA champion?
dorfs641::remember when they were on the same team?
BillKnebel::03-04
Brandon59338::Bosh as a champion
Madhouse_United::LeBron by a mile.
IlliniDave68::http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/99e/ffb/989/resized/bosh-s-drank-meme-generator-i-don-t-always-drink-semen-but-when-i-do-i-prefer-lebron-s-f66a79.jpg?1323757815.jpg
Terry 1953::hey bulls, you guys don't win it all this year, what will be your excuse
dcstern2::At least we have our dignity intact, not having begged for stars to come to town to salvage a previously flagging franchise that could only infrequently sell out its arena. The Bulls may not win it all this year, but they still have more pride and history and achievement than the stupid Miami Heat who threw themselves a championship celebration before they ever even won anything.
Brandon59338::we'll have none, not 3 not 4, not 5 not 7
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Our excuse will be at least we aren't Detroit!!! LOL
Why did those cadaver humping MODS ban me this time::they lost... that will be the excuse
Why did those cadaver humping MODS ban me this time::I will probably troll and blame the refs too....
Terry 1953::you will, but the rest won't
Why did those cadaver humping MODS ban me this time::I will blame it on not scoring enough points
Terry 1953::they will blame it on injuries
mofoyoyoyo::Thank you Nostradamus.
Madhouse_United::*Won't
IlliniDave68::http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/44a/fc3/b43/resized/yao-ming-meme-generator-lebron-better-than-kobe-look-at-my-face-f1242e.jpg
