fliptide..::all the Celtics need is 3 young athletic guys who can play the spirited defense these guys no longer can. THAT, and the ability to hit an open shot. That + Pierce+ Doc+ Rondo = Championship #18
GV Black::Celtic Fan thinks Rondo is so great.   Laughable.  QUESTION:  What do you call a PG that cant shoot? ANSWER:   A TRUE point guard.
Endless__Mike::Antawn is the WORST.  And why is Alonzo Gee not getting more minutes??
aczjr::I'm a Celts fan.  Having said that, here's my message.  They are old, slow and have no talent on the pivot.  Start rebuilding NOW.  NO untouchables.  Not Pierce or Rondo or anyone.  I beleive they should go all out to get Dwight Howard (Rondo, KG and a pick?  Rondo, Ray Ray and a pick or two?)  Draft or trade for speed and athleticism.  RUN-RUN-RUN.  These guys are SO done. If it wasn't for the fact that half of the league gets into the playoffs, they would already have put a fork into this season, because it is OVER.  Fans like me need to suck it up for 2-3 seasons and then be able to enjoy a younger, faster and more competetive team.
crichtonu::I agree the team is old and slow.  No one can deny that.  However, what we need is for guys like Ray and KG to resign with the team, when their contract is up, for much less money and come off the bench.  Trillville is right, other teams don't want these guys.  You cant trade old and busted for young and athletic, no team is dumb enough for that.  If you trade away our draft picks you get more of  the same old and slow.  Resign the Big 3 at an affordable price, build a new starting 5 around Rondo, get a new coach who will develop the young players and get a new GM who builds for the long run.
crichtonu::I dont hate the guys I just dont feel that either of them is helping the future of this team.  I feel like theyre both doing the opposite.   Ainge got rid of Perk, traded away Harangody and Erden, and brought in over-the-hill versions of Rasheed Wallace, Jermaine O'Neal, Shaquille O'Neal, Sam Cassell, Stephon Marbury, etc.  Doc doesnt give the young guys enough opportunities to see the court.  Instead we got old tired guys trudging up and down blowing 1st half leads. They're probably not going anywhere soon but I hope they can start developing habits that will benefit this team in the years to come.
trillville40::i think doc and danny is a great fit
trillville40::i somewhat agree but if we dont want KG or allen other teams will not either. adding in picks and maybe more $ might help. worst part is that we need KG, Ray, and Paul (the one player the celtics better not move is pierce for his LOYAL history with the team). He couldve left this team back in 2003-04 if i am not mistaken and we could still be rebuilding from that. Veteran teams win, dallas mavericks, lakers, spurs, CELTICS, etc. its not a coincidence these teams win early and often. look at other sports as well....yankees, red wings, etc. experience is much better than youth (when i say experience, lets not get thrilled that the celtics are THE oldest team in the league)  celtics do need help for sure though. everyone is available except the big 3 and rondo.
mjoskar::Irving is another PG in the league better than Rondo.
trillville40::irving better than rondo......  stop
oreed born again sox4life::OKMetsfan  its like everyone wants rondo to be a ball hog or a shooting guard ...pg suppose to set up guys, not shoot the ball everytime like d-will, russell &amp; rose...2 weeks ago rondo score 35 points, and his team still loss, because didn't pass the ball enough...he could score if he wants....
OKMetsfan::That brings the total up to about 30.  I don't understand the Celtic fans who think Rondo should be untouchable.  In the first place you couldn't put a worse group of players around his talents. You can't have your worse offensive threat hanging on to the ball 75% of the time your team spends on offense.  If you look at his stats last night:  0 points, 11 assists, 3 rebounds, not bad untill you add the 5 turnovers, 6 missed shoots, which is the same as a turnover when you consider we only had 5 offensive rebounds. Mr. untouchable really had 3 rebounds and the player he should have been guarding scores 24 on him.  Call me crazy but that shouldn't be that hard to replace. As a matter of fact, Bradley was more then twice as productive in a 3rd of the minutes.
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/02/kings-royalty-in-sacramento.html  The Kings are the FUTURE of the NBA!!!!!
tdfolge::This game was ugly...other than a few runs, both teams were telegraphing passes all over the place.  I guess I'll just convince myself it was good defense.  At least we get to move on and see another game tonight.
CandySparker::
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Here's why Kyrie Irving is Rookie Of the Year.  - Out of the top 40 players in the NBA, he plays the third least about of minutes @ 30:50 average a game. - He has the highest Field Goal percentage for a Rookie, he also has the fifth highest FT percentage. - Scores 18.3 points a game.
SniperFighter179::Wow, these old timers had to end their 5 game skid by crawling back against CLEVELAND.   Not a good time to be a Celtics fan I suppose.  Hopefully there's some Celts fans that have a little  common sense left to realize that it's all gonna come crashing down in the not too distant future.
oreed born again sox4life::we all knew it was over from the perk trade
mike36784::I "dislike" Boston
s2micken::Yes they do.... and they're still better than half the teams in the NBA.  Pathetic.
mike36784::To elaborate:  I think "Boston" isn't "Very Good"
WhyUHatin47::Plain and simple: Celtics su.ck
Dwayne_Johnson23::To elaborate: Quit being a bi.tch
Robert24907::The Cavs are a D-LEAGUE team, Irving is getting better so he can leave and go to another team in 3 years.....lmao
_the REAL Gloria West::you aren't very intelligent are you?
mpnaught::Check out the NBA All Ugly Team http://www.chicagosportslife.com/?p=3406
fliptide..::what are you, gay?  Who cares what these guys look like?
Giggity.iggity::Jamison - 8ts on 15 shots.. there's no team in the entire NBA who wants him... I like his veteran presence in the locker room, I dislike his veteran body on the court.
Endless__Mike::You can't have a 'veteran presence' if you NEVER hustle on the floor and play little to no defense.
Birdmann._.::i remember when the cavs first got him i was like oh crap they might just make it to the finals :O lol
chavezscott04@gmail.com::Rubio &gt; Irving
Bricky Rubios Poor Shooting Percentage::Rubio shot 12% from the field tonight....  hahahah
sugarglyder::Tristan Thompson &gt; Derrick Williams  He dominated him during pre-draft workouts, during the Rising Stars game, and is the better rookie.
Vikings0xChampions::Williams &gt; Irving
arsenal1470::the Celtics need to get Dwight ..
fliptide..::they have NO free agent cap space and NO viable assets wanted by anyone.
sugarglyder::Kyrie Irving &gt;&gt;&gt; Rajon Rond0-for-6
baziman 007::gasol and fillers for rondo and oneil, who says no?
burrito nazi::Give you Metta Whirled Peas and throw in his pet Walton.  Oh hell, take Fisher too...please!
_the REAL Gloria West::nice trade tho
_the REAL Gloria West::add cleveland in there so a 3 team trade will give sessions to boston and la gets jamison and cle gets draft picks
baziman 007::gasol + some in and out hamburgers as fillers for rondo and oneil
baziman 007::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7l2jxgy
_the REAL Gloria West::be more specific than "fillers" lol
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Heat &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Celtics
2524thomas::7 other teams in the east &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Celtics
babaganoosh7492::Way to go out on a limb there, champ.
IsaiahFrancis::when will this moment come back to new england?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5ExgbWgrYE&amp;feature=g-vrec&amp;context=G2752d59RVAAAAAAAAAg
2524thomas::Never!!......C's next big moment will be the lottery within in 2yrs...book it
IsaiahFrancis::i was afraid of that
i liked this comment::and with the second pick...........the rams have traded their #2 pick to the cleveland browns, the browns are now on the clock.........tick tock, tick tock
comedy2424::I THINK BOSTON HAS A ENOUGH TO GET IN THE PLAYOFFS BUT NOT ENOUGH TO GET PAST THE FIRST ROUND. THEY JUST DON'T HAVE IT ANYMORE. LOOK AT THE FREAKING GAME HIGHLIGHTS TONIGHT  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZLsl4j6ZSk&amp;context=C38e5f5aADOEgsToPDskIgNANGSCVz747n1uWWzcjK
lsheiner15::I cannot believe the lack of media attention the Kevin Dobbs dunk has gotten. Dobbs is 6 foot 3 and did a through the legs dunk over 3 people with a blindfold!!!!! see vid of it here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
lshocket::"Why the hell is Anthony Parker taking the game tying shot?"  -Anthony Parker
i liked this comment::he was the fifth option........i guess?
_the REAL Gloria West::actually that is AP's game.. it was a great look.. i mean he did miss but he drew front iron lol
GV Black::confuse the defense.
i liked this comment::lol
_the REAL Gloria West::pretty funny that the celtic fans are giving the cavs zero credit lol
GV Black::Celtic Fan is depressed, they know they are going no where as tonight proved.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::And yet they demand all sorts of respect themselves.
RayKrebbs1978::They fell behind early and could never truly recover tonight.  On to the next one.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_32
i liked this comment::dwight howard is spoiled, lebron james claims he spoiled cleveland with his brilliance...........kyrie is a breath of fresh air without the ego factor, more like him please!
GV Black::I hope he stays that way, and I really think he will.   Cavs drafted for good character, AND talent.  Now we need one more draft like that!
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::I can see the way this works out: Sessions gets a No. 1 from the Lakers and Jamison gets another draft pick from Dallas.  With the deep draft thanks to last season's lockout, that should mean we get at least one solid starter - if not a star or even superstar from that draft. Andy's still got a few years left. Irving is the cornerstone. Thompson's giving solid inside presence. Gibson's getting a little inconsistent but maybe that could get back on track - or he's worth something on the trading block if AP also gets his touch back. Casspi...he's a defender who's offense is, well, offensive to anyone who likes offense. Hollins and Erden? Well, maybe someone could use a 12th man. Gee is turning into good bench depth who can platoon as a future draft pick develops. Harangody looks like one of those character guys who can produce more between the ears than he can between the sidelines. Samuels? I dunno, but somehow I think he can provide the "depth" to keep things going if draft picks bust out.
GV Black::It would be good to get Barnes, but I just threw KiddG out there because he could be there at 5.  Barnes will be gone I think.   Andy will start, but in the long run I see him back in his role as first big off the bench.  He will be awesome there.    and his career will be longer.......
GV Black::If they could get both picks, then they have three firsts and can wheel/deal.  Say their own is #7.  they could trade that and #20 to move up two spots to #5 and get their guy and still have #25.  they could get their #2 and then the best center available.  Kyrie Kidd-G Casspi Thompson ?  On the bench:  Andy, Gee, Gibson, Blake, Erden.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::I can see pros and cons about Kidd, but Andy off the bench?
spongebob101945::all we need is a mad scientist cleveland sports fan to make a clone of dwight howard that loves cleveland, a clone of kevin love that loves cleveland, a clone of kevin durant that loves cleveland, and a clone of kobe bryant that loves cleveland, then the cavs can start their own dynasty
CTownHiLo::I would settle for a time machine to go back and keep boozer. many nba analysts agreed we would have beaten the spurs that year had we had boozer. we certainly had the defense for it.  Now that I think about it if I had a time machine I would tell Lenny to draw up a few more seconds for Ehlo's inbounds play against the bulls, oh and not give Ron Harper away for fricking Ferry. Maybe steal a case of stickem from lester hayes and give it to byner also. Killing Elway may be the only choice as well...
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Then he can head across the street to Progressive Field and when he's done with that...down the street to Cleveland Browns Stadium.
Sexy Rexy 20::the celts can't even score 90 points anymore ...... rebuild!!
GV Black::QUESTION:  What do they call a PG that can't shoot? ANSWER:     A true point guard.
GV Black::I'll take Kyrie over him, thanks.
oreed born again sox4life::11 Ast... is more important then pts....he setting up guys, which what a pt suppose to do...
GV Black::Rondo is SO Overated.   He had at least a dozen EASY shots in the paint tonight and turned them down because he cant shoot a 10 footer.   0-6 shooting.
Sexy Rexy 20::rondo sucked tonight .. peirce sucked again..... trash these bag of bones
oreed born again sox4life::i'll take rondo or rubio , must pg are ballhogs, they all think shoot first before passing..
Zeller321::It's been like what.... 7 months since boston has won a title. And now people are saying boston is back to the way it should be. I guess all the hating is a sign of respect.
2524thomas::Say what????
Codsalmon::Blow up this f.u.c.k.i.n.g team already....just get by cavs!!?? really??
spongebob101945::king kyrie disagrees with youre comment
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Nice to know the Cavs are still the Yardstick for which "suck" is measured on.
oreed born again sox4life::my c's just can't keep up with these young teams....its time for a new era trade away everyone but rondo, build around  rondo...cavs would have won if Anderson Varejao played
montanamoney::you miss me ? - Lebron
babaganoosh7492::Everyone who says that Lebron isn't a closer is an idiot.  Ok, so he had a couple bad games in the last two playoffs.  But his defense was unmatched even through the finals last year, even if he was disappearing offensively late in games.  Does anyone even remember when he took a complete nobody-Cavs team to the Finals? Or were ya'll too young to remember that?  Eastern Conference finals, game 5.  Lebron scores 29 of the cavs last 30 points and the last 25 straight to will the Cavs to a 3-2 series lead, at the Palace against the Pistons who still at the time were much closer to the team that had won a title just a couple of seasons prior.
william peragine::the best time in basketball when you were here.lebron
william peragine::please come home
spongebob101945::only thing we miss is watching you choke, jeez you cant even play in an all-star game without choking
jcr54321::most cavs fans still butthurt about him leaving, even though its been over a year now.
GV Black::Very wrong.  We are now happy he is gone.  We werent going anywhere with him because he imay be the best physical athlete, but he isnt a closer.   We will have that now for the future.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Are you one?
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Not really anymore - Cavs fans.
montanamoney::Heat fan here
KingGeorge53::Very entertaining game.     Strange not upset about losing a close one as it gets us closer to a ping pong ball or two as the Cavaliers need to get in the top 8 in the lottery.     First game back and AP couldn't hit the game bucket for overtime when Kyrie was triple teamed.
GV Black::At #8 right now.  If they can jettison Sessions and Jamison they could get to 4 or 5.  that would be real good.
comedy2424::RAY ALLEN AND KEVIN GARRNET SAID THIS WAS THEIR FAVORITE VIDEO ON YOUTUBE. AND IT WAS REALLY KINDA OF FUNNY TOO. YOU GUYS HAVE TO CHECK THIS $@%! OUT.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZLsl4j6ZSk&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C32bd9eaUDOEgsToPDskLxFAPiQFAIOItJ--mGlis4
dpas569::ok, i'm saying this after a win, it's time to break up the Celtics. we've gotta make some kind of move because this team will not win a championship. i'm not excited about this win tonight. they barely beat a Cavs team that lost their starting center. i'd be excited if that was a full strength Heat, Bulls, or Thunder team but this was the Cavs. we need a guy or 2 who can get baskets when the offense gets stagnet.
thedude0612::I agree... I don't know how much value the C's can get for aging guys like Garnett and Allen. Pierce still has value but it would be nice to keep him
GV Black::Very True.  Celtics run is over.   But they wont tear it down until next year.  As long as they are in the playoffs, they will give it a shot.
PacerFan19a::I find it sad to watch once great teams such as this grow old and become a shadow of what they once were. Garnett, Allen and Pierce were heroes of mine when I was growing up.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::It's like watching the Bird/Parish/McHale team enter the 1990s.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Do you guys and girls think that Ray Allen and/or Kevin Garnett will be traded by the 15th? Or anyone else for that matter?
rockndoc2::Celtics will try to give it one more run this year.  they wont give up yet.
otownmagic4life::They beat the Cavs which only means  THE CELTICS ARE BACK, EVERYONE WATCH OUT
rockndoc2::Even I can feel the Sarcasm!
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Anyone hear Chicago quaking in their Nikes? Me, neither.
bwcookeva::just my two dumb cents, but i respect the hell out of ray allen. only a few people on earth can shoot that pure
TheTristanShow::He would've been perfect for the Cavs a couple years ago.
rockndoc2::Agreed.  Only guy on Celtics you can respect that isnt a PUNK.
TheTristanShow::I like Brandon Bass a lot as well. Great work ethic.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::He'd look sooooo good in wine and gold. I swear, every time I saw him with the ball, I cringed knowing the shot would fall.
mikeyp2307::These trolls need to try harder. sigh. it bums me out seeing all these terrible trolls. WHERE IS THE PASSION? THE EFFORT? BE CREATIVE!! FOR GODS SAKE.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::I think it's a tolerance factor, too. I also liken it to an aged professor, who's graded so many term papers, he's seen it all, no matter how new/creative it seems to the incoming freshmen.
TheTristanShow::"How about Ramon and Casspi for Marvin Williams and the Hawks 2012 1st rounnd pick? Williams isn’t bad and I am on the record as saying the Cavs should seek out a few contracts that expire in 2014. The Hawks shed a little salary and reduce their luxury tax risks."- Kevin Hetrick, a writer for Cavs: The Blog  I value Casspi a little more than Marvin Williams personally. Trades like this don't make sense to me.
rockndoc2::NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. Marvin williams is very average.  Here is the trade:  Sessions and Jamison and 2nd rounder, for Walton, Blake and the Lakers two first rounders.  Blake backs up Kyrie, walton get bought out and the Cavs get two first rounders.  Lakers get their point guard, rent Antawn, and shed cap next year using the Odom excemption. WIN/WIN
lsheiner15::i know jordans better than leBron but this article did a damn good job of convincing me otherwise and now i kinda think LEBRON MIGHT BE BETTER THEN JORDAN, give me ur opinion http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
rockndoc2::no thanks
TheTristanShow::I've seen so many Cavs fans who want to trade Casspi? Why? It's his first year in Cleveland and we still have him under contract for next year I believe so we don't need to desperately trade him in case he leaves.
rockndoc2::Casspi is starting to show some more skills.  And you cant teach 6'10"
TheTristanShow::Love his Euro Step.
rockndoc2::I was hoping Scott would have put Casspi in for Parker during crunch time, moved Gee to the 2.
TheTristanShow::I agree, I was excited to see AP return but honestly... He didn't have it tonight. He looked flat and so did his shot. Byron shouldn't have put so much faith into a player coming off a 12 game break.
cggw::The Cleveland Caveliers still exist? I thought the lockout would have changed that.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Sorry to break the bad news after all this.
mikeyp2307::AWWWWW SNAP. GOOD ONE BRO LOLOLOL. SCREW OFF
rockndoc2::Just got back from the game.  An almost perfect ending.  Cavs got alot out of this one.  Kyrie learned he has to play with more control at crunch time, Tristan learned he belongs in the game at crunch time.  And the best part is that the Cavs get another ping pong ball.  BTW, what do you call a PG that cant shoot?   ANSWER:  A pure point guard.
