butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
clemsontigers65::D-WILL is such a stud.....pleaseeeee stay with the Nets and build this franchise back up
rthaw44::God I hope so...
capclip9::I bet he stays. People laugh at the Nets all the time when it comes to their ability to attract and/or retain top players. But, the fact is this: The Nets will pay him $22 mil per year to stay, not to mention the endorsement deals he has that are contingent upon him being here. Although they will not begin the season with Dwight Howard next year (maybe they'll swing a deal at the deadline), they will still put enough talent around him. With a healthy Brook Lopez, a more mature Marshon Brooks, a legit two-way forward in Gerald Wallace, a bonafide FA pickup such as Ryan Anderson or KG, plus a bench that features Framar, Morrow, and Green, and the Nets actually have a team that can POSSIBLY win the Atlantic, but will more likely finish anywhere from 4th to 6th.  Unfortunately, I think they will part ways with Humphries. That having been said, should D Will go to Dallas, he will make less money on a team that will be middle-of-the playoff pack as well. Dallas will NOT be better than a 4 seed next year, even with D-Will; so essentially, he'd be in a similar position as he likely would be with the Nets, and with a much older core of players. Had the Nets managed to trade for Howard this year, they would have given up a TON of assets and eaten up too much cap space to put a full squad on the floor that would be capable of beating Miami or Chicago, and they would have been hamstrung for years. The Nets did a good job in not mortgaging a solid young nucleus, while adding a quality vet in Wallace, and still maintaining enough cap flexibility next year to sign one (or more) of the several enticing free agents that will be on the market after the season. Then, the cherry on top is the fact that Howard can come as a free agent, free and clear after 2013, or the Nets can work on a trade for him at the deadline. I know that that sounds like a lot of variables, but they are all very attainable and will likely come to pass. Now, it's up to D Will, whose family likes living in NY, to REALIZE that the team he will likely go into Brooklyn with next year, will be just as successful in the East as Dallas would be in the West, and if he can live with that scenario for a year, not to mention a considerably higher salary plus endorsement deals, then Howard comes over for free the following year, with a really, really good young team around the two of them. Now THAT can be a team capable of supplanting Miami and Chicago. It's up to DWill to decide if he wants a part in that. I bet he does.
DPetro10::Its funny because the pacer fans thought it would be an easy win. Those are the fans that know jack $@%! about sports.... YEA NETS
nixaceltics::what a pathetic loss!! no excuse for it!!!
jrtall3n7::what happened to the Pacers in the 4th? seemed like they just folded. after injuring half our guys you'd think it would be an easy win. we had 1 big left. psycho-t needs to play like a pro and stop with the careless thrashing about. or the refs should make the team pay for it by calling fouls.
jdp86::The NBA culture really makes me sick. I've never seen so many whiny, demanding athletes before. No loyalty what so ever....  The NBA....Where the most selfish people play
ustasports::the real big 3? miami? spurs?? nahhhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
Dirk2XMVP::Can't wait to see Deron Williams in a Mavs uniform next season. Dirk and Dwill All Day!!!
b.ball_player28::I HEARD STEVENSON FLOPPED BAD. WHERE IS THE VIDEO??
Rexanilatorz::It is by far one of the most obvious flops I have ever seen can't believe refs missed that
Rexanilatorz::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kk2_Zck7BGs&amp;list=UUFkLc-N88UluvlZ9gA-z1kw&amp;index=2&amp;feature=plcp
Birdmann._.::williams is gone
Dirk2XMVP::Yes to the Mavs. GO MAVS!!!
devilish372::Why are you winning Nets? We're trying to win the draft lottery!
nonalcoholicsince91::They're trolling their fans hard
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::ouch lol ....i hate to say it, but USUALLY if paul george is the leading scorer, it's going to be a loss
mackfactor::It's probably because that means no one else is showing up. FIVE points for Granger?! He's supposed to be what passes for a go-to guy on this team. And FIVE for Hibbert? I know that it's not at all unusual for him to drop a stinker like this, but come on. Still really far from being a franchise big man.
nonalcoholicsince91::Unless I missed one, I'm pretty sure the Pacers are 4-3 when PG is the leading scorer...2-1 when he's the leading scorer against the nets lol
tgreeson80::Agree with this guy ^.  And USUALLY, when PG is on a roll, Danny Bad Shots shoots MORE.  Which should tell you the type of teammate he is.  His $@% needs moved before his value sinks any lower, or his shooting pct...
nonalcoholicsince91::He's gettin better....I just think that normally he's the leading scorer because he is on fire and Granger is stinking up the place.  So a .500 ish record becuase he is hesitant to demand the ball combined with the fact that he has yet to develop a go-to move or two.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::i just saw a game recently that he was leading scorer and they lost. just don't want it to be a regular thing for paul and the pacers. i don't really keep track, i just want them to get a decent seed in playoffs lol
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::don't get me wrong paul george is my favorite on the team, but it's just the usual...
jayshah96::Dwill is not going to waste his prime playing for an irrelevent team unless he gets the maxed out contract. Probably going to end up leaving, leaving the Nets so celebrate theirr new stadium with Kris Humphries and Brook Lopez.
DPetro10::I dont thin k you could get a rebound when you have humps who can get 20 boards and averages like 13. Also Shelden Williams is getting a $@%! load of boards this season. SO JUSTSHOOT12 THINK BEFORE YOU MAKE YOURSELF LOOK LIKE A $@%!$@
Justshoot12::Lopez can't rebound for $@%!... the guy averages 5rebs a game
Mets2410::his first 2 years he averaged 8.4 rebounds per game and last year was 6 rebounds. not to mention he was about 20 pounds lighter last year because he had mono during training camp and was in bed the whole time.
mdtuzo::lopez and humphries are quality players. in fact if lopez was healthy all year, we'd be AT LEAST a .500 team
mackfactor::They're decent players. They'd make good solid role players with two high-caliber to star players on the team, but they're not building blocks.
masterqb92::The nets will be the worst team in the league next season
mdtuzo::NETS BABY! love shutting these dumbass kids up!
JJFixUrBackne::The classic case of talking trash and then rationalizing your position in the stands in a subsequent post.  Nice work.
mdtuzo::thanks kid
mdtuzo::though in the long run, it is more important to tank
Mets2410::lol we'll get that 4 spot don't worry
Man Utd Squad::chuck do you even support a team or do you just troll?
chucknorris093::didnt pacers just got blown out by nets??? LOL pacers fans remind yourself that your franchise is irrelevant.
jerseysaint13::Teams the nets beat too
Man Utd Squad::we beat the heat, lakers, bulls, magic, celtics, clippers  just because the pacers let an easy one slip doesn't mean they're awful
NGplayinskillz::Have the NJ Nets ever been Relevant?
rthaw44::they had some very highly rated series beating the pacers on their way to the finals both years tho... see ya reggie
Mets2410::nets finals were more recent than the pacers, but ya still about the same time
JJFixUrBackne::about as long ago (slightly more recent), the pacers made the finals too.  what's your point?  i'm no longer impressed by the Pacer's appearance.  stop living in the past
Mets2410::NGplayinskillz - And even when you guys went to the Finals NOBODY CARED. That was the Lowest rated NBA Finals in NBA HISTORY.  Nets vs Lakers had the 5th highest TV ratings of the 2000's, tied with last years Finals. Nets vs Spurs was really bad but Spurs Cavs 07 was the worst ever
Man Utd Squad::that makes no sense
NGplayinskillz::And even when you guys went to the Finals NOBODY CARED. That was the Lowest rated NBA Finals in NBA HISTORY.
NFC.BEAST::you dont know basketball son, went to the nba finals back to back years.
metropolitanfanforever::If you  Pacers fans think the Pacers  have any chance of winning an NBA title or even making the finals you are fooling your self!!
mackfactor::And the Nets have so much better of a shot? The Pacers have solid, young pieces and lots of cap room. After this season, the Nets will have Gerald Wallace, a soft big man and the former Mr. Kim Kardashian.
NGplayinskillz::Lol at Nets Fans trying to Troll. Your team is too stupid to even tank. At Least the Indiana Pacers are in the playoffs something your team won't see for a LONG LONG TIME.
nblucas97::Big difference between thinking we are winning a title and knowing we can compete. We are happy to have the team we have after the last few seasons and look forward to them getting better. Quit being so butt hurt that the nets are terrible.
Man Utd Squad::Who is saying that?
shayne2wavvy::the nets are stupid they cant even tank right
rthaw44::Huh? why? for what? you're an idiot
mackfactor::Should've traded DWill while they had the chance.
adavisrc09::Just like  the pacers were bound to beat the heat after losing 3 straight..... the nets were bound to beat the pacers... $@%! happens..... move on
chucknorris093::if pacers played in west, wouldnt even make the postseason
BOOMBABY_3::Fun Fact Pacers are 10-2 against the west
nonalcoholicsince91::Don't you know?  If the Pacers were in the West all conference teams would be undefeated.  10-2 wouldn't get it done.
metropolitanfanforever::agreed and neither would teams like the 76ers or Knicks
Man Utd Squad::they've beat the Clippers easily twice, which is like a four seed in the west
romeo8880::lol the East is stronger than the West.  The Lakers are the 3rd best team and they are terrible.
bs20kj34::power has shifted to the east.
NGplayinskillz::BUT They don't so that Statement is Irrelevant.
chucknorris093::omg pacers u suck!  go away haha irrelevant team... cant even get a win against the nets
adavisrc09::OMFG its a TRAGEDY
adavisrc09::Whats wrong with keeping tabs on a good team that plays in the same division as your team?
adavisrc09::seriously what have I said about the pacers that make you think I'm a troll?
nblucas97::Because you are on EVERY Pacer thread yet you claim to "hate" the pacers.
nblucas97::Ah, the trolls back! The one that is never trolling Pacer threads except all the time!
metropolitanfanforever::I am telling you the only Legit teams in the east are the Bulls and Heat! Look how the Pacers got beat by our Nets for christ sakes and look how the Magic getting beat down by the Knicks...The East  is terrible
nblucas97::So both teams you listed lost to lowly teams and the Pacers beat them both this year. Its basketball, that's just the way it is.
romeo8880::The West is terrible too except for the Spurs and Thunder.
NGplayinskillz::Yeah but the Miami Heat got beat by the Milwaukee Bucks and Chicago has also lost to the NJ Nets soooooo.
Man Utd Squad::Bulls lost to nets?
bs20kj34::yes at home but the Bulls didn't have Rose or RIP so..... means nothing
metropolitanfanforever::That was a fluke....the Bulls are for real and so are the Heat no doubt about it..with the talent they got!! teams like the Magic 76ers Pacers are overachieving in a  terrible eastern conference
benga4lebron::nets fans, would you take this knowing d-will is leaving?  bynum+blake for d-will+lopez   sign-and-trade in summer
fatherwinter18::yes no-brainer..you could actually build a team around Bynum...cant build a team around Lopez, and I am a Net fan...to all my fellow Net fans, if you thin Deron is staying you are crazyy
Mets2410::look dude I appreciate you're not trying to be a jerk about everything just all i'm saying is that people are acting like D-Will is 100% gone when in reality the Nets are still a top option
benga4lebron::sigh...don't give so much hope. you might get hurt bro. anything could happen, nothing is guaranteed. it would have happened if it did, but it didn't.
Mets2410::and like I said just because broussard and bucher said they think he's staying it's not a done deal but it's a legit option. cleveland was still a legit option
Mets2410::I said after next season and FA 2013 meaning free agency during the year 2013. and next year is going to be just like this year with Dwight, there's a chance the Nets trade for him. All Dwight did was ensure the Magic could get something back for him and he gets to stay in Orlando the rest of this year. He was all set to be traded to the Nets until 1 am the day of the deadline.
benga4lebron::there have been numerous articles about this already.  dwight howard is no longer a free agent this summer. it doesn't matter how much cap space they have, he's not opting out for nets to sign him this offseason.  I think more than half of espn analysts and espn radio hosts said lebron was staying in cleveland also.
Mets2410::what do you mean no cap room? Nets had the 3rd most amount of cap space this off-season and all they did was sign 1 year contracts. Only contract guaranteed after next year is MarShon Brooks. and dude c'mon this isn't getting burned like the cavs at all d-will has said throughout the whole year how he feels very comfortable with the direction of the team. there's a legitimate chance he's going to stay. even after dwight decided to stay for the rest of this year, both chris broussard and ric bucher said on espn they both think deron is going to stay. not saying because they said so it's happening but it at least shows you there's a really good chance.
benga4lebron::sigh...D12 isn't going there, there's no cap room. lopez is going to want 10mil. and there's wallace contract, dude it's not going to work. btw that 1st round pick going to cost you some cap space also. there's no chance to signing D12 in 2013.  I'm not trying to be mean, but don't get yourself believing that, your going to be one of those cavs fans that get hurt afterward.
Mets2410::Nets have Brook Lopez, Gerald Wallace, potentially 2 first round picks (including top 3) and Brooklyn is still Dwight's #1 outside of Orlando  just sayin...
benga4lebron::just a suggestion, not saying he wants to go LA.  but LA isn't totally out of the picture.  LA has kobe and pau DAL has only dirk Nets have no one  just sayin..  d12 really determined whether d-will stays or not.
Mets2410::it's Dallas or Brooklyn, not LA
benga4lebron::im not a net fan, but i think if d-will isn't staying, getting bynum is a lot better than nothing. don't get burned like lebron and bosh did to their teams.
Mets2410::did he say he was leaving? NO
Mets2410::NO HE CAN'T LOOK IT UP SIGN AND TRADE'S DON'T WORK LIKE THEY USED TO ANYMORE! YOU READ. from ESPN article detailing new CBA changes, it clearly says the biggest contract he can get is from the Nets. And even if he does leave, he'd rather stay with the Nets than go to the Lakers you Lakers fans just feel entitled to every player you want.  • 2011 CBA: Five years with 7.5 percent raises for Bird free agents; four years with 4.5 percent raises for other players (including all sign-and-trade transactions)
benga4lebron::YES HE STILL CAN  if the salaries match then YES, look at my original post suggestion. bynum's salary matches his NEW salary.  if they refuse, he has the leverage to say he's going to dallas and nets get absolutely NOTHING.   READ.
Mets2410::there's something called the lockout and a new CBA which makes it so that a sign and trade doesn't have the same effect as it did last year! he can't get that 5th year and extra money from any team except the Nets! and with lebron ya he got all his money and years from a sign and trade but they don't work like that anymore and D12 isn't over, he wants Brooklyn, he has consistently said he wants to stay in orlando for this year. he wanted no part of NJ. but he wants brooklyn and that $400 million sneaker deal. and d-will has said really good things about the nets and their future all year long even after the trade deadline.
benga4lebron::that's what he said in the pre-season. things changed after d12 not coming.  also there's a thing called sign and trade where he will get 5 years with another team.  by the way, lebron didn't lose that much money, he did a sign and trade to get his 6 years.
Mets2410::he said he's not signing an extension because he can get the most $$ possible by opting out and re-signing with the nets. lebron, if he didn't decide to take a pay cut, could still have gotten the same amount of $$ with the heat than he would have re-signing with the cavs. and D-Will has been quoted as saying "My plan is to stay"
benga4lebron::hmm lebron didn't say anything either...  d-will didn't sign extension...just sayin..
Rezo201::What is the difference if you win 16 games or like 21????????? Tank the damn season you $@%!$@%!!
Mets2410::it doesn't matter we are like 5 games up from the 3rd worst record we aren't geting there anyway and we aren't going to do well enough to get the 5th worst record a win here and there won't hurt =)
Rezo201::The Nets can't do anything right, they can't even get tanking the season right...
slowmow12::from :( =====&gt; :) with a win!
metropolitanfanforever::I can't believe this...
slowmow12::Winning!!!!!!!
bs20kj34::slap whatever justification you want on it you're still... wrong
Man Utd Squad::It's a strategic move to get a better pick for your team to lose instead of salvaging nothing
metropolitanfanforever::We want the best chance to get  our lottery pick..
bs20kj34::you're a true fan. hoping to lose...
metropolitanfanforever::Yeah we were suppose to lose this game and it would have been better for us to lose
Mets2410::what makes people so sure D-Will is going to Dallas?
metropolitanfanforever::That is Mavs fans hoping ....it is not for sure
Mets2410::lol I know I just think it's funny that they act like it's a done deal
bs20kj34::because he wants to win basketball games
Mets2410::correct me if im wrong, but Tyson Chandler is gone and he ain't coming back! cavs had a significantly better record than the heat but lebron still went to the heat because he knew he could build a better team there not to mention the marketing opportunities that come with NY, which Deron loves by the way
bs20kj34::and have a significantly better record right now
bs20kj34::those washed up crappy players just won a title lmao
Mets2410::ok fine. Hump, MarShon Brooks, Gerald Green, Anthony Morrow, quite possibly 2 first rounders, and FA's with the cap space the Nets have is a lot better than the crappy players the mavs have like a washed up VC Jason Terry and Jason Kidd. also they will have have to basically gut their roster to get the $$ to sign deron
bs20kj34::good thing theres more than 3 or 2 players on a basketball game.
Mets2410::D-Will, Brook Lopez, Gerald Wallace &gt; D-Will and Dirk
romeo8880::Also hockey is not a sport so it doesn't matter who your favorite team is in that game of fairies on skates.
jayshah96::Hockey is a retarted sport, but its physical allright
bs20kj34::any hockey player would give you a one hitter quitter ANY
romeo8880::I'm a highly trained ninja
nblucas97::And I'm a highly trained chef.
Mets2410::and I'm a highly trained ninja killer
crimson-knights123::if anything NBA is for "fairies"
crimson-knights123::true no contact at all
thekola::baseball
slowmow12::Play some hockey one day and see if you can stand for the next 5 days...
nblucas97::He can't play hockey, he's busy trolling.
bs20kj34::are you serious?
thekola::any of those "fairies" would beat you within an inch of your life.
Mets2410::lol hockey is probably the most physically taxing sport on earth
Man Utd Squad::I think romeo's on his period, he seems to be venting a ton
romeo8880::Yes but you can't expect to win a championship with Danny Granger as your best player.
romeo8880::Danny Granger.
Man Utd Squad::Granger is good from where he started. He was a 17th pick in the first round
BOOMBABY_3::UGLY
NGplayinskillz::This win means nothing. The NJ Nets are still a lottery team and they will still lose Deron Williams to Dallas in the offseason. So celebrate this win Nets fans.
bs20kj34::he may be trolling but he's right
leo9212::its the truth
drftw42134::lol troll
ANDBOOMGOESTHEDYNAMITE6::Nets blow.
slowmow12::Chances of winnig the Lottery:  265 million to 1 Chances of the cubs winning the WS: 300 million to 1 Chances the nets will win a championship in the next ten years: 265,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 to 1
slowmow12::it is true... except for the cubs thing...
thekola::chances that you will post something useless 1 to infinity
NYturkeysandwhich13::Mean thing to say.
ANDBOOMGOESTHEDYNAMITE6::D Will is leaving this sorryass Nets team ASAP
romeo8880::lol at being a Mets and Nets fan.  Two of the most failed franchises in sports.  I hope you are a Jets fans too.  Mark Sanchez LOLOLOL.
Mets2410::haha way to be a sore loser $@%!$@% and no I'm not a Jets fan. Nets made 2 NBA Finals in the past 10 years and the Mets made the NLCS in 2006 there are many teams who have had it off a lot worse than the mets and nets. also I'm a Devils fan so jokes on you loser
Mets2410::LOLOL I'm not a Jets fan what teams do you like besides the sorry $@% pacers?
slowmow12::Rangers are winning! There is still hope!
drftw42134::Jokes on you because I am a Yankee fan, Giants fan, Devils fan, and Nets fan
slowmow12::Jet fan :(
slowmow12::too...
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::YEAHHH Finally I am 1-6 this year betting the Nets..LOL
Mets2410::NETS baby! what a win WOW! D-Will the Thrillllllllllll
Mets2410::lol I'm way too excited about this
Mr. Mojorising::If the Nets get one more piece...they are gonna be dangerous,
carson2164::D-will  brooks  wallace  hump lopez not a bad team just couldnt stay healthy this year hopefully deron resigns (unlikely) we can make a run at the 8th spot
bs20kj34::they're more likely to lose their pieces
SJYankee1::PACERS ARE TRASH! PROBABLY GRANGER MOUTHING OFF AGAIN
benga4lebron::the nuggets beat the bulls on their home floor and now they lost to the lowly raptors? wow
bs20kj34::beating the Bulls without Rose and RIP? great achievement
lunchboxxhero::the raptors are sick man, dont you ever count them out ever
benga4lebron::where is shooter mcgavin at?
slowmow12::We still lost... Even if we won...
Man Utd Squad::romeo's on  a roll  Deron Williams is apparantly not a top 50 pg Heat isn't a top 5 team Pacers players are trash
Man Utd Squad::romeo must be on his period right now.
colt domination::zinger
leo9212::the only truth statement is romeo8880 = troll
romeo8880::All those statements are correct.  The best player on the Pacers is Danny $@%!$@% Granger.
Man Utd Squad::I see this pains you?
carson2164::nets fans dont know how to react to a blowout win haha
leo9212::well because it making their lottery chances lower
carson2164::sadly
benga4lebron::holly sh.it the pacers are garbage.
thekola::This game is a classic case of a good team coming with low energy because they assumed that since they beat the heat that they could beat the nets without bringing 100%.
bs20kj34::nope just an overrated team
thekola::thats where veteran leadership comes in.
iownamicrowave::yep. its unfortunate
slowmow12::We are the best team in the bottom of the East!  --Mikel Prokarof (Nets Owner)
tiago_1801::indians 2-10 when allow 100 or more points  great performance tonight. almost 20 TO again
iownamicrowave::The magic got smoke by the bobcats.... granger ranger was taken out of the game
