gw687::On a separate note, I am not an IT hater. I like him, just think that we need to have a better perspective on these players and not jump all over single efforts.
gw687::Good thing IT hit that last second shot, now we can continue to conveniently overlook how awful he has played the previous 4-5 games.  We can also conveniently overlook that fact that no other player on this team (including the best player DMC) seems to be able to earn consistent minutes even through horrendous effort besides Mr. Thomas.  Oh, and we can just all together forget the fact he puts 0 effort in on D and has allowed guys like Ty Lawson to drop 30 points in recent efforts.  What would we do if he didn't pull one miracle play out of his butt for every 5 games of crap?  Actually look at his body of work and talk about his mediocrity as a player?  What would we do if we ever got the point?  That would be way too close to reasonable.
Snakes222::After looking at the boxscore, i am unable to determine if John Salmons really played in this game.  Did anyone watch the game that can confirm this?
Sacramentoraider71::Lol @ Seattle fans that think this is a done deal... they are in for a rude awakening
vigue11::You can be sad but you really can't compare it to the loss of the Sonics. Bennett lied through his teeth to move them. Hansen has been completely upfront with his intentions. You can only blame the Maloofs.
JAX_KING::Big Seattle fan here and first time poster. I don't like the idea of any team being taken from it's fan base or city. When it happened to me, it was devastating. I don't want it to happen. I happen to live in OKC with the air force right now, and I see that the thunder are really making this town happy. I am glad for them, and the fans. If the Kings are going to move, then let them the fans of the Kings enjoy them while they still can. As I have found out, fans have no say in the matter  So if the Kings move and are the Sonics next year I will be glad to have a team again, but sad that it will be at the expense of fans in Sacramento.
vigue11::It's closer to being a done deal in Seattle than Sacramento.
Sacramentoraider71::Lol yeah lol its gonna be hard for you guys
Devinhuelsmann::why does the Wizards logo look like a weiner
Devinhuelsmann::weiner
chuckbass221::You just got Jimmered!
Child_Prodigy1982::Sacramento can't be to bad an area, Dr Dre Loves it!
pshores1968::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching for Sports Betting Systems.
toshsghost::Wizards putting up a fight every night!  Really digging the moxie of this unit.  This might be waaaay out on a limb, but with the way the Washington is coming on, and everybody looking past them almost every night, I think they can make a legitimate push for the #8 seed.  Especially with Rondo done.  If Beal is not too banged up, and can continue his outstanding rookie production, the playoffs are within reach...THIS YEAR.  It's just barely past the halfway point, and we are only 9 games back of the C's in the loss column.  If they can dig a nine game hole at the halfway mark, they can make it up in the same amount of time.  This team is definitely better than Detroit, Cleveland, Orlando, &amp; Toronto.  Let's go Wiz.  Let's do this.
Child_Prodigy1982::they are 11-32, meaning there are 38 games left.  Say 8th seed can get around 37-39 wins that means 26 wins minimum, Wizards can not go 26-12  they may get around 30 wins though.
cbrown5847::Go kings  here"s  to many more years in sactown.............. Moby dick and free whilley coming in for the rescue
hookem5746::Where is that annoying Wizards fan that was in the rockets forum yesterday crying about Wall being better than Liliard???
Real Deal Beal::i believe lillard is older than wall too... yep lillard is 2 months older than wall.
MinniWolves90::Wall is better than Lillard.
bradyandjrich::There's something wrong with thinking that's true? Wall has proved since his return he is the franchise's star. Much better team with him.
hookem5746::Wizards gonna be 7-3 with Wall and Beasely???  Wizards on the rise???  HAHAHA.  11-32.
PartTimeHomer::You're so desperate, dude.
Real Deal Beal::beasely? you mean beal?
cbenni::Anyone want a free $10? Check out this blog http://mythirteencents.blogspot.com/2013/01/personal-capital.html
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
paulschumann01::Jimmer's stat line looking very good tonight.
dog_has_fleas::Very good? I mean it isn't bad but very good? You would have thought he had one of the games he has had earlier this year saying it was very good.
potter the rotter::It is pretty good for the (small) volume. 7pts / 4 assists / +11.  Does Jimmer sometimes have horrendous games, all his fault? Absolutely. But do you have a chip on your shoulder against him and his fans. You betcha.
dog_has_fleas::He isn't a bad player but they make it seem like he would be doing a better job than tiny IT and I just don't think that is the case. He is now getting his deserved minutes that Brooks was getting and I expect that if he plays a little better his time will stay where it is.
Markiemormon::I've found the Jimmer Faithful are tickled pink, no amazed is a better word, no matter what he scores.  They just blame his shortcoming on someone else, anyone else.  Smart is a favorite target but Cousins, IT and most of the rest get their share of blame too.   Hopefully, for the teams sake, Jimmer will be able to stand on his own someday.... but it's been two years...
JAX_KING::Big Seattle fan here and first time poster.  I don't like the idea of any team being taken from it's fan base or city.  When it happened to me, it was devastating.  I don't want it to happen.  I happen to live in OKC with the air force right now, and I see that the thunder are really making this town happy.  I am glad for them, and the fans.  I agree with dog_has_fleas... if the Kings are going to move, then let them be the Kings while they still can.  As I have found out, fans have no say in the matter :(  So if the Kings move and are the Sonics next year I will be glad to have a team again, but sad that it will be at the expense of fans in Sacramento.
dog_has_fleas::It isn't that I want to see Seattle's heart ripped out, it is that I am so sick of hearing about how they are the Sonics. If this is the last year of the Kings, then let it be the Kings.
Michael137052::Not sure how seattle "caved" to anybody. This new stadium isn't costly us a tax increase. It's coming out of Hansen's pocket, with a state loan that's to be paid off over the next several years from his own revenues. And we're making him secure a team for 30 years, and get an NHL team for 30 years. That's a lot of leases that will pay for the arena. Sorry you guys get the short end but not our fault.
dog_has_fleas::Markiemormon - F Seattle and their fans, they were man enough to refuse welfare to the Sonic owners some years ago and I respected them for that then but now they're just a bunch of caving in $@%!$'s. They don't deserve a team...  That escalated quickly
Markiemormon::F Seattle and their fans, they were man enough to refuse welfare to the Sonic owners some years ago and I respected them for that then but now they're just a bunch of caving in $@%!$'s.  They don't deserve a team...
whitesoxchamps168::Bradley beal is a bust.  Lillard &gt;
ChumBeefBanned::One bad game ain't gonna end his career. He's doing pretty good for his rookie year. Lillard is just doing phenomenal.
Real Deal Beal::lillard is also 22 i believe and beal is only 19
go Seahawks 48::a ya, gg sonics. cant wait to see isaiah hitting game winners at the key arena next year!
Boogie Down ProductionS::Lil Zeke should've been starting since opening day. SAC coach is a joke.
sonicsarebackjack::fredette shot 4 shots.. thomas robinson shot 10... only a keith smart coached team
dog_has_fleas::It is Jimmer's fault he shot so little? What is your excuse for the back to back 2 for 8s? The sad part about jimmer's misses is they are the little short ones that I would think would be automatic for a scorer like him.
JonathanGeorgeRD::Jimmer is shooting under 33% this month, dude's gotta produce.
haydent145616::jimmer is a boss
nargash::One more thing, do you really think Kings are moving to Seattle? Mayor talked to Stern and they have offer to keep it in Sacramento..!!
jecdev1::yeah....don't see too many of those AnaheimKingsisDoneDeal  usernames any more there were a boatload
sonicsarebackjack::its already gone.. sorry
dog_has_fleas::Except that Stern, you know, the commisioner of the NBA, said they will have a chance to counter the offer to the people who decide whether a team can move.
blackdevilace::Too little too late.
nargash::Anyway good talk fans of both team and good luck rest of the way..!!
sonicsarebackjack::sklater its very obvious by looking at that little boy that he's one handsome little fella... i apologize... just stop picking fights...
sonicsarebackjack::how long did it take to get him in over brooks l m a o .... and believe or not its people like me that draw attention to the fact that he's being screwed..
dog_has_fleas::50% if not more the posts on here are about Jimmer getting not enough playing time, believe me, you aren't the only one.
sonicsarebackjack::cannot wait to he gets away from this coach and makes linsanity seem like a weekend vacation... fredette is solid as heck...
sonicsarebackjack::nope i want him playing over players his stats scream he should be playing over
dog_has_fleas::Like Brooks? He is. His PER is lower than Reke who provides more than scoring and it is hard to start him or Thomas without the consideration that they are both small even if effective at times.
dog_has_fleas::Dude it isn't about picking fights, it is about being reasonable. We are fans of a team, not just Jimmer. Jimmer is getting more minutes lately, isn't that what all of his fans wanted?
nargash::They want him to start some how I guess..!
nargash::I have no idea why things get personal on ESPN boards. Just argue with points and fact. No need to get personal..!
razzledazzletj81::This is starting to look like an ugly bar scene that I would slowly walk away from before trouble happened.
seattleitez::I have no idea why people post pics of their kids on sports boards either. Lol!?!?
nargash::I agree with you but he has the freedom to do it then let him do it. That's just your opinion and you are entitled to it but just argue him with facts which I think you have valid ones.
seattleitez::If I had a kid I would def not use him as my pic on the intranet. Seems like a no brainier.
seattleitez::It's just creepy idk
nargash::Every pics gets approved by ESPN mods so if they don't have problem with it, then it is actually not your business..!
seattleitez::Sklater.  Just because he's your son doesn't make it okay.  Gold plates and magic undies don't make it okay either.
sonicsarebackjack::whatever man... those people love their religion... and live it unlike most...
sonicsarebackjack::dont pick on mormons... some of my fav people are mormon... not like this goof... he is a panzy little B that would rather play nice with the ones who hate him than take up for the person he likes... worst kind of cat in my opinion
seattleitez::Have u never seen southpark. Or the Book of Mormon?  Don't be a sensitive Sally. It's funny.
seattleitez::Jimmer +11.
sonicsarebackjack::well i never listen to you.. ever
dog_has_fleas::Chuck Hayes was +13
dog_has_fleas::seattleitez - I love hays. Keep Hayes and jimmer. Fire sale the rest.  Once you say keep one or two guys and sell the rest is when I stop listening to you. Jimmer has gotten most of Brooks minutes as of late which I assume will continue, the deal is what he does with them. In the 4th he was there and he didn't screw the team, that is all I care about. I don't care who plays when as long as the team wins. And again, he is getting Brooks minutes like he should.
seattleitez::I love hays. Keep Hayes and jimmer. Fire sale the rest.
sonicsarebackjack::he had 4 or 5 assist... and 7 points that i know of
dog_has_fleas::in the 4th quarter?
dog_has_fleas::How many of those points did he score in the 4th?
sonicsarebackjack::why would any one put a picture of their little boy on a fan forum that they run around starting shizzzz on.... i didnt start with u. u started with me.....  and ur gonna rock a pict of ur little fella to make him fair game.. and I'm not fit to be a dad... lm ao
sonicsarebackjack::unless ur looking to take urs and sklater baters relationship to the next level by taking up for him (so sweet) in that case take it to lets get out the closet.com and get off of the espn messege boards..
dog_has_fleas::My wife has made it clear she would be upset if I started a relationship with a man. And dude, when you act childish and attack someone as a person and not the facts they provide I will say something. If you want someone to take you seriously, might want to watch how you talk to them.
sonicsarebackjack::when ur name is dog has fleas u might also not be much of an adult... and when its an a and b conversation u may want to C ur way out of it .... ya dig
dog_has_fleas::Oh big and bad on the internet, and dude I made this when I was 14, I am now almost 24, I don't go make a new SN every time I think I am being clever. And I am a pretty darn good father to my son, thanks though.
sonicsarebackjack::when some one is ripping me at every turn u moron, when i havent said a word to him, ill rip on him even if i dont mean it..... just to get him to shut his mouth..... ur saying im not a good fit to be a parent... ill be a great parent to my kid... not to his.. especially if he is stupid enough to post a pic and run around yapping....
dog_has_fleas::See this is exactly where I am going with this, you start it out by calling people a moron, when did someone call you a name?
razzledazzletj81::Kids should be off limits. This is just for fun, but going after a picture of a kid is like school on Easter - no class.
sonicsarebackjack::i think the kid is cute as hell, my whole point was to get a few of u to attack me so i could show how $@%!$@*d it is to have a pic of ur kid on a site u r gonna run around and pick fights on.. also like school on easter.... no class
dog_has_fleas::You clearly aren't fit to be a parent if you ridicule anothers little kid or call him a pedo when again, it is clearly his kid. When you dig and dig and dig at someone, you clearly aren't much of an adult.
seattleitez::Exactly
ksmit111::Randy is an idiot.. LOL his post game is hilarious
nargash::I still think he is better than Smart
ksmit111::Randy has pieces and doesn't seem to realize when a player is having an off night..
sonicsarebackjack::people have got to  be simple as hell to not see y a fan fredette can not root for a team that has completely wasted his first two years... esp when they didnt need to be wasted... u think they are gonna root for the organization that has screwed the kid in every way, just to hold him and his fans hostage so that it appears the kings actuallly have a fan base when in reality its fredette bringing home the money
sonicsarebackjack::hell yea... just the small chance i paid to see him in charlotte... there were #7 jerseys everywhere... DNP followed..
dog_has_fleas::Its Jimmer bringing home the money? Really? So the fans pay money to see a guy that might not play?
dog_has_fleas::Look up Megan Beeson SKD.
somethingtosay002::I went to the Nuggets game on Friday to see him.  Hit the Sleep Arena stadium while there on business.  As for whether Megan's worth it, I'd have to know more.
dog_has_fleas::Yeah no, I am sorry but I have a hard time believing that. I would pay money for the sole purpose to see my friend Megan dance during timeouts before I specifically spent money to see Jimmer. I spend money to see my team play and hopefully win.
somethingtosay002::yes, and then we are pissed when he doesn't play
seattleitez::It doesn't take a genius to see that jimmer is getting balled by Keith smart.
sonicsarebackjack::sklater u have never played a sport in ur life... FACT... unless it was soccer
sklater::Actually, I have.  And just because you think NASCAR is a sport instead of soccer speaks more about you than about me.
sonicsarebackjack::Because you root for the team that Jimmer plays on to lose. How would you think that would make Jimmer feel? We should ask him.    u said he plays... lol
sklater::So, he got no minutes this whole season? It's still his team.
seattleitez::Chad!
sklater::Because you root for the team that Jimmer plays on to lose.  How would you think that would make Jimmer feel?  We should ask him.
sklater::You sure as hell be talking about sonics.
seattleitez::^^pedophile
Bill O O::Curry hurt
CD1DDY37::wizards are a pathetic frachise
ksmit111::Calm down bro young team recovering from injuries
nargash::You just wasted your time commenting on a pathetic franchise as you call it..!
CD1DDY37::aw man i feel dumb now
Bill O O::god Beal is awful
headslaw::lol. still postitive on +/-, so I think he's doing alright...
Bill O O::I thought it was meaningless?
Bill O O::Something's broke
ksmit111::His j
Real Deal Beal::yeah a guy with a broken wrist is really awful. But IT....he's such an MVP.
Real Deal Beal::nargash - LOL some people here have weird logic..!!  ikr
nargash::LOL some people here have weird logic..!!
nargash::Wrist injury?
sklater::Sonics won't answer my question because it's a catch 22 for him.
seattleitez::Pedophile
sonicsarebackjack::ive answered every time u dumb moron... why dont u go back and look each time u have asked the same gd question
sklater::You've never answered it.  You just resort to childish name calling.  You only said once "i would want my fav player to miss the game winner.... moron" but you also said you wanted the Kings to lose, and if he made it, they would win.    Your bias is just making you a troll.
dog_has_fleas::Maybe you should stop calling names dude, its pretty childish.
nargash::Kings..!!
jefarr::"Can I get a TO bay-bee!"  ~Dick Vitale   20 turnovers and they lose only by 2.
sklater::Sonics, I'll say it again:  If Jimmer had gotten the inbound pass, would you have     a) wanted him to make it   b) wanted him to miss it
sonicsarebackjack::u stupid idiot... i would want my fav player to miss the game winner.... moron..... get that ugly little kid from above my space
sklater::e-trade baby?  Did you just change usernames or something?
Real Deal Beal::sklater - Um, no, it's my son.  You know, procreation, sex, nevermind.  Says the e-trade baby....I mean your son.
sklater::Um, no, it's my son.  You know, procreation, sex, nevermind.  Again, why won't you answer it.  You also said you were pissed that IT made it because you wanted the Kings to lose.    You are, by definition, a troll.  And don't forget, my little 3 year old could still kick your skinny little a**.
dog_has_fleas::Dude what is your problem? Talking about someones kid, I see you are fit to be a parent.
dog_has_fleas::Make it so the Kings win. That is because I am a fan of the entire team, not just one player.
nargash::They are still called Kings..!!
dog_has_fleas::Real Deal Beal - quit dreaming.  NBA giving them a chance to keep them, a buyer wants to keep them there, would make sense.
Real Deal Beal::quit dreaming.
NateByu::jjjjjjjiiiiiiimmmmmmerrrrrrr   fredettttte
nargash::Anybody who says IT is having bad season because he is bad just don't know what they are talking about. Kings have the worst coach in the NBA that should be fired immediately but he still coaching for some reason..!!
sklater::Well, Smart is only bad for Jimmer, he's great for everyone else, right sonics?
dog_has_fleas::DMC, that is why Smart is the coach.
sonicsarebackjack::oh ok
blackdevilace::"Let's hire Keith Smart!"  Said no one ever
dog_has_fleas::Actually said 3 NBA teams so far.
sonicsarebackjack::black devil ace u just said u were starting to think smart was racist... now it is &gt; than jimmer...
blackdevilace::IT has had a weak season because his coach does not know what the hell he is doing!!
Eric Forman.::Any Wizards fans that are Ravens fans: hope you guys romp the 9ers.
Eric Forman.::I'm sure there are a few. Good season to the Redskins though (I'm a Giants fan).
ksmit111::Sorry im not 50 bro props to you for learning how to use the interwebs though
ksmit111::Most wiz fans that arn't bandwagoners are actually redskins fans.. just sayin
Real Deal Beal::not true dumby. this used to be a baltimore team. you are so ignorant.
Zainal3206::500 TO WIN 25000 ........VEGAS DEINATLY KNEW ABOUT IT YOU IDIOTS.
Real Deal Beal::bro...its a parlay. that stuff is so unlikely. two words for you: stop gambling.
davidwanglikesitbig::ISAIAH THOMAS EVERYBODY, YEAH HE'S ACTUALLY GOOD!
razzledazzletj81::I just want to see what Jimmer could do by taking 20 shots in a single game.
ksmit111::Nate is a bum
dog_has_fleas::PER higher than Jimmer
ksmit111::He's 5'9.. sorry he's not gonna last
dog_has_fleas::Nate Robinson has been around how long?
sklater::He's actually had a rough season so far, but has been doing better lately.
dog_has_fleas::He has had a good season, he is jsut inconsistent. 20 points on 8 of 14 against NO, then 6 points against PHX. 34 against MIA on 13 of 22, next game is 6 on 2 of 8.
Zainal3206::500 TO WIN 25000 ........VEGAS DEINATLY KNEW ABOUT IT YOU IDIOTS.
main393::hhad over for game
blackdevilace::If you bet on the Wizards you have a serious gambling problem and will probably be living on the streets soon. lol
BaltimOre1576::Actually good game sonics fans and see you on Sunday.
ksmit111::Turnovers.. does anyone know what nene is doing now?
Bill O O::Probably taking shower
Poor Oregon::Well at least Wash will still have a team next year.
kfilter::california will have 3 or 4...
Poor Oregon::wat
