CamROY113::I am embarrassed for this team right now.  This was worse than the Bobcats expansion year.  The main reason for this franchise's demise has been Michael Jordan.  He was a great player, but should never own any NBA team.  Remember, this team was in the playoffs 2 years ago.  There is only one starter left from that team, Boris Diaw.  That team had Raymond Felton, Gerald Wallace (All Star), Stephen Jackson, and Tyson Chandler, 4 solid players.  If they had stayed the Bobcats would be playoff regulars for the long run.  Instead they are dealt for young players and draft picks who are not able to win basketball games.  There was a great buzz around Charlotte about this team, and Michael Jordan drowned it out with these stupid front office decisions.  And still he justifies this 'youth movement' by saying that it will 'Ready the Bobcats to be near the top of the NBA both on the court and financially.'  The only thing the Bobcats will be at the top of is the record books for worst NBA record in a season and soon also lowest attendance.
Phil.Ryan::Is there anyone in the draft this year that will actually turn this franchise around?
ZachC1965::I'm SO pissed right now...had the Bobcats and 43 and a half points...
R0M0-mentum09::You're delusional
rl75742::Get rid of the Bobcats and bring the Hornets back to Charlotte.
el_dude00::Word on the street is that Jordan will double his golf outings to get a handle on this situation.
perrypete::jordan has been working out with his trainer...he will be wearing a jersey next season and he could easily start for this team.
ceyman::The Bobcats would struggle against most D League teams...this "team" is pathetic and a dubious example of the need for contraction...
EpicCeltic09::I snuck into courtside seats during this game and enjoyed a good butt kicking by the blazers!!
panthersfan45::at least we have cam newton to cheer for.. id bet UNC can beat the bobcats at this point
otownmagic4life::Watching the bobcats makes me feel bit better about my Magic lol
portlandchad::"I don't have a full squad," Bobcats coach Paul Silas said. "That's the way I look at it. If I had a full squad and we were losing this way, it would be awful. But you take Aldridge and Wallace off their team and see what kind of team you'd have."  Silas, you are an idiot, and out of touch with facts.  No Nicolas Batum, no Brandon Roy, no Greg Oden...and guess what, without LMA and Gerald Wallace, Portland still would have won by 20.  What an excuse factory that guy is.  Portland has been showing other teams all year how to maintain a winning squad while enduing injuries.  Nobody has endured more lost games and still been as productive as Portland.
eazyt_213::Hiring Rich Cho didn't help the bobcats. That guy wanted to trade Aldridge for draft picks so he could start to rebuild the blazers roster without Pritchard's players. Blazers were very wise to fire him. If they hadn't Portland might be the team that is stuck with Bismack Biyombo now. I think Rich Cho is like the Billy Beane of basketball. If Kemba Walker ever becomes an all start type player look for Cho to convince MJ to trade him for draft picks.
WebfootViking::Nice try coach.  We'd still have clobbered you without Aldridge and Wallace.
awesomespoon::If anyone ever wonders why the cats can't turn a profit. This is why. Ten game losing streak with 1 game being close the loss to DC at home.
tjdixon81::"Rebuilding" year or not.... This is embarassing
Raiders051981::I feel for the Bobcats right now and the players. Jordan, while the best player in NBA history, is perhaps the worst owner in NBA history. Wizards anyone?? These poor guys and this poor team need a bone thrown at em.
Zodiiak::I love Jordan.  LOVE HIM.  Been a fan my entire life.  But he's a horrible Owner/GM.  He put all his eggs into one basket -- hoping that there would be a hardcap so that his team could compete.  All he cares about is making money, and i'm sure he's making some money since he bought the Bobcats at a discount.  But, it's a horrible franchise.  One all-star in its entire existence and what, one playoff appearance?  When the Clippers were terrible, they at least had LA as a free agent draw.  No one wants to play in Charlotte.  I blame Jordan -- he cut so many players, made some terrible personnel decisions based on his Alma Mater, and never developed his young players.  Contract this team already or sell it to someone who will do a better job.
MikeEffingG::I still need to get around to sending him a thank you card for Gerald Wallace. It's comical how well that deal worked out for us and he ended up with nothing but some pocket change saved. I mean  the three we gave him are all long gone. But he's still the G.O.A.T. Fudge Scottie Pippen. Hope the Bobcats can get it together and save a little face.
Panthersboy2009::This team is a Prime example of how bad a team can be when you let MJ draft. WORST OWNER EVER!!
Rosstafarian5371::Damn will the Bobcats please fire Silas already, the guy has all but given up on this team and it looks it. I swear if Silas keeps talking about not having a "full squad" the only people of importance are Augustin and maybe Maggette who are out right now but still there is NO excuse for getting your can handed to you by 44. MJ can not be watching these games, smh.
mark35345::Any team with Corey Maggette on the roster is destined to lose. Like Baron Davis.Just sitting on the bench breeds losing.
ScarredGameface::Maybe the NBA will consider letting the bobcats have 6 guys on the court ?
401MacK::Hey MJ, suit it up!
EmergingInThought::Great game tonight, Elliot Williams needs to get more playing time.  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/the-book/
MikeEffingG::I agree. He's made great use of his minutes lately and his monster dunks and  athleticism always up the entertainment/'wow' factor. It's awesome to see a guy come back from a season missed to injury and just own it like that. I love our bench this year!
BlazerSully::kobeliesinroymullinssack,   go pick a team to root for and get out of our threads.  You both are beginning to gain troll HOF status and your posts arent even good anymore.
NBA_refs_are_weak::its crazy how the NBA works sometimes. just a couple seasons ago the bobcats had a very nice season, get to the playoffs for the first time, were a real darkhorse that  alot of people said could upset orlando. 2 years later, i dont think theres a single person from that team still on the roster
Keeper Christian::Just imagine if Stephen a Smith was a bobcats fan  Id pay to listen to that rant. HAHAHAHAHA
Slim_Greaser_310::man this was an even bigger blowout than the game they lost to the lakers
Kobelies247::Does that mean anything?
Tjokelikeschicken::Kobelies is a moron! and I'm his step dad
dankfranks_155::Haha so that crackhead mullins is back? What took you so long my dude? Make a failed attempt at tryin to actually do somethin with your life?
roymullins::word
blazers4lyf::that doesn't mean at all.
Rip_City27::Speaking the truth?? Coming out of you, that doesnt really mean much
dankfranks_155::Oh hes got a groupie now.
dankfranks_155::Ay man when you fall down you gotta get back up. Not stay at rock bottom with your trusty keyboard and talk $@%! about a basketball team for years.
Kobelies247::Hes back speaking the truth!
voodoochld121::This Bobcats team is one of the worst in NBA history. Even if Augustin and Maggette were in they would still lose by at least 30.
KikyExcel::This is just one weird season...
roymullins::This year is alot different. Less in-game coaching by Nate.. More talent on the floor. The pace can win them a series. -------------------------------------- really... this is least talented team Potland has put out there in several years... the starting backcourt is mediocre- Crawford provides a punch but Felton and Matthews are very average... you never know what you are going to get from Wallace- he can't put together a string of consistent games- one night he'll go for 20 and 10 and then disappear the next night... Camby and Aldridge are solid- you know what you will get from them- the bench is fairly average besides Crawford... this is a .500- maybe a few games above .500 team... nice little group but nothing special-  really hard to understand why anyone would pick them to do anything this year...
Rip_City27::I said Matthews should get better at the 3 ball because he is down 6% from his career average.. And I said Feltons shot will hopefully turn around, if it doesnt I'm still not too worried, those are the only "presumpstions" and "ifs" I said in that whole paragraph, other than that it was legit reasoning.. But this is a pretty different team than last year, you cant predict what they will do based on the past couple seasons..
roymullins::Positive thinking is good for you... it isn't always reality but since it is only sports it won't hurt you... lots of presumptions, excuses and ifs in your statement- sounds like 10-15 other NBA teams who seem to stumble along.. "if only so-and-so was..." or "he will start to get better at..."  those 10-15 teams are the "middle class" of the NBA- a few make the 6-8 seeds on the playoffs and the rest end up not being bad enough to get high lottery picks- the result is the same- losing in the end when it counts and watching other teams win playoff series and succeed- Portland is one of those teams... to say otherwise is not facing reality...
dankfranks_155::A boy that wastes his time bitchin about a basketball team for mutiple years because he doesnt like the city is tryna talk about positive thinkin.
roymullins::3 of your 5 starters are average at best an inconsistent- your center is solid but is old and is only a rebounder an defender- your best player has never made the all-star game- your bench has one solid, consistent, proven player...  you have had more pieces than that in the past- this is a competitive team- but not a team that wins playoff series vs. a veteran, experienced team like some of the top teams in the west... not that hard to figure out- Portland fans, like usual, seeing the world through their Drip City glasses once again...
Rip_City27::Ehh not really, and I'm not saying we'll get past the first round this year, but we have a much better chance than we have had the past seasons running a slow offense giving it to B-Roy and see what we can do..And I beg to differ about our starting lineup yeah sure, Camby is a good defensive presence and a rebounder thats all you need at center, LA has not made an all star game you're right, but he was the biggest snub last year and will definitely make it this year and is on team USA, Gerald Wallace is an all star SF and is one of the biggest hustlers in the NBA, Matthews is a great defender with nice offensive game but has been down shooting the 3 ball this year I expect him to start heating up soon, Felton is looking like an average PG out there but this is a new offense for him and has only played 20 games with these guys, I dont expect him to average 17 and 9 like he did with the Knicks last season but he will get better with running the offense and his shot will hopefully come around.. Thats a solid starting lineup and with Crawford, Batum and Thomas coming off the bench, thats a team that is 8 deep and can give any team in the league a run for their money, dont get how you can say otherwise, and about Batum, why do you think tons of other teams want him in a trade?? Tons of upside there..
Rip_City27::Hmm I think along with a lot of Blazer fans and non Blazer fans that this team can go deep into the playoffs especially with the west wide open with the exception of OKC, least talented team in several years?? You're tellin me that you would rather have Outlaw, Bayless, Blake, Przybilla, Cunningham, etc. coming off the bench rather than Crawford, Batum, Smith, and Thomas?? HAHA you my man are not very educated..
Zonker40::Wallace doesn't have a game built for the playoffs... he likes to run and clean up the junk, not take long jumpers in halfcourt sets.
Rip_City27::2 times actually, with averages of 16 ppg and 9 boards
Rip_City27::Haha how would you know?? He's been in the playoffs once in his career, personally I feel like he's the type of player you need in order to win a first round series..
Kobelies247::Only special game i remember so far is them getting CRUSHED by the SUNS by 25!
Kobelies247::blazers4lyf@roymullins: how about the clips? are they good???????????? lol  Ummmm ya, Actually they are!
Kobelies247::We will see.... Have a good night
Rip_City27::Yup
Kobelies247::Good teams win at home  Great team win on the road!  Dont forget that one kid! LOL
dankfranks_155::Haha pretty sure they gotta be real to win a championship.
Kobelies247::Were the sonics ever a real team? hahahha
dankfranks_155::Im sure he appreciates that cliche stroke of genius. Its funny how my team moved out my city yet I still wear my sonics cap and you got a team still and you resortin to whinin on the internet. Your social security check gotta have a few zeros.
Rip_City27::I wont, but its still very early in the season, I would be extremely surprised to see the Blazers keep up this losing on the road.. we will have 15-20 road wins by the end of the season
Kobelies247::This team will do my talking THE WHOLE SEASON :)
Rip_City27::Also beating PHX by 25 also helped too huh? Oh and beating the best team in the Western conference if not the whole NBA?? For you bein so old you dont know too much
Kobelies247::Losing to phx by 25 helped
Rip_City27::Umm they havent so far..
Kobelies247::I was @ the coliseum cheering on porter and drexler when they were actually a GOOD and fun team to watch!!  WE"RE YOU? HIghly Doubful
Rip_City27::Good job bud
Kobelies247::Gosh i forget wasnt that the 90s?
Rip_City27::Lets just say I was born last time the Blazers were in the finals
Kobelies247::lol i was playing with hot wheels @ that time LOL  HOw old are you anyway?
Rip_City27::Whats what you thought?? If I wasn't playing with hot wheels then you bet I would have been there but you also can bet that I was cheering on those Blazers teams as much as I am now..
Kobelies247:::)
dankfranks_155::And now you just whinin like a little child.
Kobelies247::Thats what i thought.....
Rip_City27::Nope I wasn't, you want a cookie?? Congrats old guy
Kobelies247::Thats the prob with the way you treat this blazer team!  Not to worried We got time We dont need home court  WAKE UP
Rip_City27::We?? You aint a blazer fan, and I'm not worried because we have been up going into the 4th quarter in 5 of those 8 losses, just gotta figure it out in the 4th quarter, but I believe theres only 5 or 6 teams in the whole NBA with a winning or .500 road record..
Rip_City27::What if we get homecourt advantage?? And I'm not too worried about the road play right now
Kobelies247::And not being able to win on the road justtttttttttt MIGHT be a little prob :)
Rip_City27::Umm ya give them to us in the playoffs first round I'll take them anyday in a 7 game series..
Rip_City27::Umm averaging 98 ppg and giving up 91, I would say is better than 94 ppg and giving up 93 wouldnt you?
Kobelies247::Ya its done real good for this team so far huh?
Rip_City27::Really?? I would say so, not having to run the halfcourt offense and giving him the ball to see what he can do every posession makes a pretty big difference..
Kobelies247::Sorry but not having ROY doesnt make you better HAHAHA
Rip_City27::No I didnt, but that was with b-roy running a slow offense and giving it to him seeing what he can do.. whole new team whole new offense my guy
Kobelies247::Ya, I believe you said that about the Rockets, suns and mavs LOL  How did those teams work out for you?
gocaliforniabears::I can't believe Camby had 20 rebs the other night...that's nasty...
Zonker40::Denver players used to say he'd play outside the team concept to get his own stats...
ChuckOlajuwon::OMG this is getting ridiculous.  The NBA is such a joke now.  If you lose by 40 or more points you should automatically be contracted!  Its bad enough that some team loses by 30 almost every night now.  92-48 going into the 4th!  Thats not bad, thats just not trying.
Rip_City27::They got some nice young peices, but thats what the draft is for..
Kobelies247::Watching your Blazer team beat the CRAP out of the bobcats on comcast sportsnet,   Kinda Boring.... Watching the Clippers on ESPN beating the Jazz in Utah?  PRICELESS!!!!!
Kobelies247::Just trying to make the point that the clips accomplished what the blazers could not....
Rip_City27::Yeah both games came down to the final 10 seconds also..
TheHedonismBot::Although I loved the part where Camby blocked like 4 shots in less than a minute.
Rip_City27::I understand but we all knew it was a boring game, nothing hard to understand there
Kobelies247::Least someone understands lol
TheHedonismBot::I'm a Blazer fan and I have to agree with Kobelies on this one.  It's nice to see Portland dominate but that game was a snoozer.  I changed it to Clips Jazz also... wasn't disappointed
Rip_City27::Yeah I prolly would have changed it also, had I not been at the game..
Rip_City27::Huh?
Rip_City27::You dont make much sense
Kobelies247::Just the reaction i expected...
Rip_City27::God win Blazers.. boring game to go too but good to see the bench get a lot of minutes
TyrekeTheKing13::1 for 11 by kemba... not bad
Rip_City27::Not bad at all.. very effecient
supe540::Jordan must be the worst front office exec/owner in the history of the game.  Bad decisions followed by horrible moves, followed by sheer incompetence.
KikyExcel::karma...?
CandySparker::Hush, Hush, Tweet Charlotte!
Biedi8::It will all be ok charlotte, you may think things are bad, but call me when you lose 26 straight like the Cavs did last  year, its alot more painful than this
CandySparker::Charlotte Booboocats?
Murphymik::wtf Charlotte
Calioyo::Huge Blazer fan, but 3-8 on the road is not going to cut it. This game shows nothing, Portand vs PSU vikings would have a similar score to this.
blazers4lyf::hey roymullins! your mom is behind you, give the laptop to her!!
blazers4lyf::haven't you noticed that roymullins has gone?? he already gave the laptop to his mom, he is pain now. crying under the dark basement.
NOMANSFAN::it's Chris Hansen that wants that laptop, not his mom, lol
1vue::id go watch the bobcats if they signed shawn kemp, penny hardaway, and eddie jones.....loved those dudes....
1vue::still would be more entertaining than this team.....theyd probably sell more tickets....
Adam48350::that  is incredibly true
1vue::them walking would still score more.....
NOMANSFAN::true, but I'd rather see a team that can run rather than walk out of breath
NOMANSFAN::...you'd be watching a team that's older than dirt, lol
blazers4lyf::roymullins: IDIOT LOSER LOVES TO S U C K STERN'S D I C K!!
Kobelies247::flag
blazers4lyf::no i did not. i already cursed him! hahahha
tdawg44446::meh. He just wants attention. And your giving it to him.
Imkindamajor::jameer nelson or Augustin whos better?
1vue::augustine looks like a mini tyson chandelor....
Imkindamajor::nelson looks like augustin with no talent, imagine augustin with talent
pdxkid4life::luke babbitt
NOMANSFAN::Nelson sucks, so Augustine by a nose
Imkindamajor::nelson has talent on his team tho
Imkindamajor::lol smh
NOMANSFAN::Nelson's a "has been" even though he's a never been
tdawg44446::Elliot Williams.
LAsports92656::jameer
1vue::nelson not even close....
LAsports92656::is luke walton available?? he might get me another ring  -MJ
TheBigLefty206::that was a real nail biter
Bulls37::lol
NOMANSFAN::yea, all the way to the 3rd minute of the game
roymullins::Where was the little Frenchman? Hope he isn't being treated by a Frailblazer medical staff member- that is the kiss of death- ask BRoy, Oden, Pryzsucka and a few others...
Esar7::This year is alot different. Less in-game coaching by Nate.. More talent on the floor. The pace can win them a series.
roymullins::shhhhhhhhhhure you will- been saying that for years....
Esar7::We'll get out of the first round this year
LukeT33::doing research on the team that just beat your team by 44? should be speechless.
Esar7::Bill Walton
Imkindamajor::i dont even think we should get rid of augustin, we should trade kemba for another pick
Imkindamajor::honestly biyombo is who we should trade he is awful
NOMANSFAN::,,,ugh, Augustine's their best player, even when he's not playing
sportsfanbp1::kemba= potential augustin= he is what he is.  a below-average guard.
1vue::augustine sucks....
1vue::fish is clutch.....id take him over blake though,.....gawd that guy sucks...
Imkindamajor::he may suck to but he knows the team, i doubt if we had him tonight we would lose by 40, i got faith in him, augustin&gt; felton
LAsports92656::the lakers would take dj over d-fish
