Scott66544::MN Wolves....what total waste of time for the NBA. This team should be abolished.
PDILFL::bummer
CDLWild::Same ole Timberwolves!
TheTristanShow::Kevin Love sure gets his rebounds quietly... One second hes at 5, and then the next time they bring up his stat line he's at 11. I'm like WTF haha
zabueteen0606::Great Job Cavs...Props to Coach Scott, after a terrible loss at Toronto we bounce back to a nice win over a team that has a bright future.
ctownbrown16::BOOBIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
olesmokeyvol::Give me some Boo.bie!!!
ctownbrown16::haha
ctownbrown16::boobie?
MNsportswopwopwah::Adlemans playing checkers in a game of chess.
Spartacus102012::I like that.
Vikeslegit::I  bet you anything that if Antwan Jameson got traded to the wolves he would suck. But he looked great against us. It seems like it is always that way with shitty players. I don't get it???
Spartacus102012::This will relieve the presure of at least two player, Love and Beasly which are not center players.
Spartacus102012::We need a strong and offensive center.
Spartacus102012::Let bring out the money.
Spartacus102012::Your right he is not a class A ball player, we need someone else that can bring certainty to the game.
MNsportswopwopwah::2 months from now when were 2-30.  "Well we can still get the number 1 pick right? No it was traded.  FUCCKKKKKK Rick Adleman and reporter
PrinceOfDaSouf::Dont worry we are happy for your pick
Spartacus102012::That's the spirit and keep expressing your feeling.
MNsportswopwopwah::In 7 minutes Randolph had over half as many points as Beasley who played 28 nix this starting lineup!
Spartacus102012::Mnsprts. give them time this team is just starting I believe the coach is just evaluating before he start to grind. But I believe this team with the required change I made below and our player maker we will make difference.
Spartacus102012::Mnsportswopwopwah sorry I miss out on your comment put I am here. I have a feeling that he will come out differently. It's a must.
MNsportswopwopwah::the longer it takes Love inches closer and closer to dippin out to LA.  Its been enough time to see that this starting lineup doesn't work.  If the coach doesn't change it up and we lose next game against the supposed worst team in the league, then its going to be a long season.
MNsportswopwopwah::yeah it'd be nice to have something to root for that doesn't fall apart right away like every other sport in this state
Vikeslegit::Adelman has to do something soon. The starting lineup is a bust. Hopefully he doesn't have too much pride to change it up. We will see..
Vikeslegit::MN got muscled last night. And Varajow isn't that good.
Spartacus102012::ImproperDancing I could write to you anyform you want if I understand your case.
Spartacus102012::ImproperDancing, you have the word he is good player,  put our team first four game show that we are a better team of what was  demostrated yesterday.
1mproperDancing::Could you re-write that in English?  I'm not really sure what you were trying to say.
1mproperDancing::And for the record, here is Varejao's stat line for last night: Points: 13 Reb: 12 Ast: 5 Stl: 4 Blk: 2  That's a ridiculously good stat line for a center who doesn't have a jump shot.
agent_three_oh::If you watch Andy every night, you realize how stuuu-pid some of the statements are... He's a game changer every minute he's on the court. KG needs counseling after every game he plays against AV. lol
1mproperDancing::What are you talking about?  Varejao is a great player.  Plays solid defense for a guy who's not a true center, brings energy and hustle, rebounds, plays hard every night, and is a solid passer.  He's not an elite player, but he's good at just about everything.  I guarantee you that if you asked the other 29 teams if they would want Varejao to play significant minutes on their team, the answer would be yes.
Vikeslegit::Nope
Spartacus102012::Vikeslegit I like your remark because this game it not about out muscelling it about knowing how to run the court.
Vikeslegit::Agree. I'm starting to question Adelman. Everyone wants the rookies to start and he isn't budging. Reminds me of chilly and I don't like it. Although chilly did win us more than 3 games....
luke51789::in the first quarter darko was killing him, but then they took him out and put love at the five. that was a huge mistake.
Spartacus102012::Luke that was because player selfishness and no player rol.
Spartacus102012::Remember coach you have two outstanding ball handler to start it all. Let me know if you need more information if you don't understand.
Spartacus102012::Min. coach should try a one play with three or five alternative opportunity to execute  a shot to the basket and  with the movement of the ball and player at the same time using the alternative to the strong point of each player. This alternative will help if one of the alternative selected was imposibe to execute you have  in the mind of the player the following alternative. It like syncronizing but it need timing. Once perfected no defense will stop your offense.
Spartacus102012::Min. coach need to impose the player rol. The player are looking selfish, the game is not a shooting contest to see who hit more three pointer or more forced layup. Instead, It a game like a chess game,  movement of the player nowing each other strong point in order to execute.
Spartacus102012::Min. organization need to get someone better than K-Love for Beasly and any other player but that other play should not be Ricky nor JB, this two player will bring the fan in their stadium to their feet.
pottttts::This writer is an a-hole. Minnesota young, uninspired, inexperienced are 2-5. He says the "lowly" Cavs 4-3. What's your problem, Cleveland hater. Go Cavs!!
MikeD3321::For you Irving haters and Rubio lovers......he sure outplayed the Spaniard today (who is subsequently 2 years older too).
snowyowl75::and he doesnt usually have that many TO
agent_three_oh::You're right, he's done an amazing job of taking care of the rock for a PG with 7 games under his belt.
1mproperDancing::Considering Irving is much less experienced, I'd say he had the better game even with the turnovers.
luke51789::7 TO is outplaying? okay... lol
Steel_Smack::At least there's one stat Rubio was better at.  Well, that one and flashy passes that ended up in the stands.
Gutter_Rat::I have the utmost respect for what Byron Scott has these players doing. I feel we finaly have at least 1 really good coach in this city now. Keep it up, dude, we want to see you become great.
agent_three_oh::It's hard not to like Manny Acta as well ;)
gwaller8::K. Love has to get the hell out of MN.  What a waste of a great player.  I'm sure his next contract will be enormous, but enough already with this terrible franchise.  Even KG Sac Tapper couldn't get them a championship.  That Rubio kid is interesting to watch.  He's gonna have a good NBA career at this rate.
ggeewill::K- Love a "great " player? He's good, not great.
luke51789::aside from his defense he is the best power forward in the league. who is a better scorer or rebounder?
matt8251::the wolves need a legit number 1 go to guy on their team. Right now it's K-Love. He's a fantastic player but not the type of player that can create his own shot. I wish we had someone like d-rose, durant, ray allen. Another superstar to duo with love. Love is more of a number 2 option like amare is to mellow and blake griffen is to chris paul. I wish we had something like that.
Giggityiggity::K-Love, if signed, will end up with the same problems as LeBron aside from getting high draft pick after high draft pick for his team to build on.  Minnesota is not an attractive market to marquee free agents or superstars to be traded especially when Kevin Love is putting up the stats he is.  Bottom line, players are selfish.  Most don't want to see a drop in their stats for fear of hurting their career averages and/or hurting their chances at a bigger contract.  Thus, most won't want to come to Minnesota in fear of playing second fiddle to Love; much was the case for LeBron in Cleveland.
Jordsta4Life::K. Love = Stat sheet stuffer supreme!
mjoskar::k love= loss
Web Redemption::I DIDNT KNOW YOU HAD SIDE SHOW BOB ON YOUR TEAM.. THATS WHY YOU WON
CLEVEZIP::THREE WHITE GUYS... on the floor at the same time... thats why you lost....
ctownbrown16::woooooooooooooooooo IM BACK!!! GOOOOOOOOO CAAAAAAAAAAAVS!!!
MattyOH0708::Amazing that the AP still feels inclined to mention LeBron in every recap for Cavs games...and the nation thinks we fans haven't gotten over it...pump the breaks fellow Cavs fans, remember they started 4-3 last year and we all know how that year played out. It is good to see the team competitive again though, especially on the road. Minny fans, you need to get a legit SF, Beasley ain't cutting it, you need to trade a PG, and find someone who will bang defensively inside. When Jamison is going to town on your bigs thats a sign you need some improvement down there. Sad you don't have a pick this year as Barnes, Kidd-Gilchrist and even Quincy Miller would look very nice on your squad at the 3.
IZBTM2::Cavs have three blowout wins....two on the road. Irving makes his layup against the Pacers and this team is 5-2. Look much improved over last year's squad already.
MilitaryMotivation::The AP and ESPN in general have a very unhealthy man-crush on LePippen,
Saatsung::I know, completely classless by the AP and these idiot national writers. You'd think that LeBron won us a ton of championships before leaving or has won a championship for someone else since.
YouBLEWWIt::Trade Beasley+Wes Johnson for Iggy. Start Dwill.
tradepost25::Even as a Wolves fan, I'm extremely frustrated at how the team played tonight. No signs of execution.
scarletNGrey01::38 points from the bench, solid.
dogs::Poor coaching Poor Reffing Terrible Shooting is the reason we lost Darko work on your free throws Luke work on shooting
blakehills::i got high on the wolves this year and i realized there complete garbage again!!!!!
mypuppy747::Go Cavs. 4 wins. And this was the closest one yet...
RayKrebbs1978::It looked to me by watching tonight's game that Irving was a pretty good pick by the Cavaliers.  this must just kill the haters.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_8
DoctorJ0023::Jiri Welsch &gt; Ricky Rubio
kylereynolds4::No question the Wolves are exciting for SHORT periods of time, and yes have a lot of potential but they have ALONG way from becoming a true playoff team
Rengel12::If the Cavs can knock off Portland in their arena, then we're for real.. Cause Blazers are playin some good ball
Rengel12::That is very true, but it all starts with shuttin down Aldridge ya know
Rengel12::Hahaha yea they are gettin thumped, but they have beat the Lakers, Thunder, and Nuggets.. and I know we don't match up well, stick Andy on Aldridge, Shut him down and it could be a good night
Giggityiggity::I'm more worried about Gerald Wallace.  He was the reason Charlotte was so tough for the Cavs; he would $@%! on LeBron every game.
kylereynolds4::yeah they are playing great right now against an average at best suns team...
Giggityiggity::Haha.. true.
Giggityiggity::We don't match up with Portland very well at all.  Though I will say, they love to run the floor and get fastbreak points and with our team leading the NBA in fastbreak points allowed per game, they have a chance.
BestTimberwolfFan::I think it's time for a change and make the starting lineups official.  (1) PG: Ricky Rubio (2) SG: Luke Ridnour (Although he is not consistent, the Wolves really need a true scoring SG. As of right now, Luke gives us the best chance at SG) (3) SF: Derrick Williams (It's time to let this guy play full minutes. He has huge potential and explosiveness and i think a full season as a start should help him) (4) PF: Michael Beasley (We have no choice but to start Beasley. He can shoot but not consistent at all) (5) C: Kevin Love  I think we're buying into Kahn's system too much. If you take a look at this roster again and see that most of these players are not consistent. Rubio and Kevin Love are the only consistent players on this team so far. The Wolves still need a true scoring SG and a true C.  The Wolves should consider trading Beasley and Wes Johnson for a true scoring SG or C (A center who can play better than Darko right now) That is all there is to it.
Mattd7152::Luke is solid.  Off night for everyone.  It happens.  Look forward to next game i guess
Giggityiggity::I've gotta say though, the lack of good Centers in the NBA is unreal.  Who else will you get?
kylereynolds4::I just cant see it. that team is already filled with shot first players. the last thing they need is a blackhole like beasley
BestTimberwolfFan::I think the Kings would actually accept the trade.
kylereynolds4::no way would the kings give a young guy with a lot of potential (even tho he is a baby and has major issues) to the wolves for a overrated beasley and an awful wes johnson
BestTimberwolfFan::To tell you the truth Giggityiggity, i would not mind Demarcus Cousins.
jim_cash1021::i cant believe they mention Rubio in the same sentence as Irving for ROY. Irving will prove throughout the season that he is the best rookie in the league
Giggityiggity::Irving is a bit more consistent and he starts.  IMO, Rubio has been so successful in the 4th against other starters because they don't get a good look at him until that time in the game.  If he started, I think his stats would drop a bit.
Heartless_Packer_Army::Rubio is scared to shoot...He always passes on open lay-ups. That will come with experience though.
NeezyFBaby8623::Cavs Nation, I was out partying tonight but we were all watching the Cavs in downtown Canton after the Canton Charge also picked up a W!! What an excellent night for the entire Cavalier family!!! So proud to be a Cav right now!!! King Kyrie!!!
erie689::No.  Let's not go there again.  Kyrie Irving is just fine.
Giggityiggity::Just got off of work, and I must say.. most of you Wolves fans just ate a huge plate of crow.
drewalton::aight im out, see yall next game Cavs Nation!!
brownsjoe::same!! see yall!!
rockndoc3::How can I troll my own board?
KingGeorge53::Don't let it bother you rock.    The Dude's a rookie.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::the best rookie ever haha
brownsjoe::i dont understand what does winning a division do in the nba??
brownsjoe::i mean top 3
brownsjoe::is that it because right now indiana and miami are top 4 soo...
drewalton::home court in first round of playoffs
KingGeorge53::ummm you win the division and it gets you to the PO.   Throughout your division's PO you have home court advantage.
brownsjoe::no no no seriously
KingGeorge53::Makes LeBron James fans happy.
brownsjoe::please help me with this question im confused
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::lol.. cavs fans are the best trollers
KingGeorge53::Billy.   I hate to inform you of this, but since the Cavs won, this is officially the Cleveland board.   You've been fired.
KingGeorge53::NP.    We lose a lot too.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::oh noooooooooooo
anen87::lol I know right. It's like the same two people xD
rockndoc3::Chevy Chase trolls Christy Brinkley
drewalton::we cracked 2600..... just think about how we will blow these boards up if we return to a contender?!?!?!?
rockndoc3::Its too bad we arent close.  There will be no reason to take on anything with Jamisons expiring contract now
drewalton::we could get a late first round pick from a old contender giving it their last shot like San Antonio/Dallas  or a young team that needs perimeter shooting help like Memphis/ Phi/Atlanta  A stretch 4 who can shoot is always good trade bait
KingGeorge53::pffffffffft   yeah.    That suckered Ferry in.
KingGeorge53::Yupp.   If we were close Jamison might help us add a SG and a 3rd rounder.
rockndoc3::No one is giving that for AJ4 though.
drewalton::take on a young shooting guard and some first round picks!!!
MNsportswopwopwah::Will the Gophers have more wins than the Twolves this year?
TubbyTime334::Will you stop Posting this year?
TubbyTime334::Cavs and wolves Fans Unite!!! We were the two worst teams in the League last year.
drewalton::anen87 u are a Wolves fan?
anen87::Hell no F u drewalton
anen87::Hell no F da Cavs xP
KingGeorge53::The real trick is being able to pull of the trade for the right player to put you over the top and pick up a good FA.
TubbyTime334::We are inconsistent. Bad teams can win games too my friend. Every dog gets thrown a bone and the wolves were throwing bricks.
KingGeorge53::Small market teams have to build it through the draft.   It's just the way of the world.
brownsjoe::i we "arent good" boy these wolves must suck really bad haha u just dissed ur own team! bad! hahaha
drewalton::cheers to high draft picks and potential, best of luck to you all
TubbyTime334::HEL.L YA!
TubbyTime334::I hate to break it to you but they still aren't that good. Wait a couple years.
brownsjoe::cavs are coming threw this year baby
brownsjoe::hillis trade drop sign??
BrowniesFan78::I think he will be a Brown when its all said and done
brownsjoe::black and orange hahaha
brownsjoe::u think he will wear orange and brown first game next season???
KingGeorge53::Cincy maybe.
BrowniesFan78::I bet he tries to test the market and then comes back
