sportspotpourri::"win playoff rematch"  So, the fact that this is the second time they've played this season is totally lost?
brob715::Westbrook had some really nice passes to set up teammates that just didn't fall. He probably should have had 4-5 more assists tonight as well. I'm also coining the phrase "Thabo Time" for when he gets an open 3 look, he has been golden from behind the arc this year (62.5%).
finkle1874::marc gasol might be one of the best centers in the west.
Chargers_4_Sale::Not a chance!
finkle1874::he took perkins to the hoop all night, blocked some shots and got some rebounds
finkle1874::grizzlies need some1 who can preform the hiimlick, cause rudy gay chokes
ok_sooner82::anyone notice how 4 of the top 5 teams in the west are all in the Northwest Division..man is this division going to be tough this year
chris200098@yahoo.com::Getting tired of Westbrook  and Durant arguing ITS getting OLD already
Huskies fan::Came here to say this: Go Sonics!
The Honey Badger::Get over it...
c_gillum::sucks not to have an NBA team huh?
francisnolan::Every game a sonic fan has to come and lament on this board
pmbrown49::I'm glad the NHL is so exciting this year because the NBA is a real loser.  Should have stayed on strike.
Way Klaro::When your the point guard shoot more than any body else, then you should get another point guard. Let the one who likes to shoot and make him a SG. A point guard should make plays and make his team mates better.
Liberal Feminist::Normally I would agree with you "Way Klaro," but in this case the Thunder went to the West Coast Finals last year, and have started this season 9-2.  I think that's a pretty good indicator that everything is working just fine in OKC!!!!!!!!!!
Rolltide4203::shutup moron
Mega_Tron4::4 in a row thunder up
shamashama82::Memphis should've never overpaid Rudy or Conley.  They got into a bidding war with themselves over Conley.  40 million???  He had the game of his life tonight and it was still only 15 and 10.
goosu123::Hey he is still young and has room to improve
devin8442::Hey guys, random question, but since your all sports fans, have any of you used bookyourathlete.com to book an event or try and promote something of yours with a professional athlete for cheap? One of my friends brother used it and said it was awesome and really cheap but I just wanted to hear any other opinions from you guys. It looks pretty cool and that you can get an athlete to promote one of your items for only $300 or so but I just wanted to see who else used them. Thanks in advance for your help I really appreciate it!
c_gillum::take your scams elsewhere
Way Klaro::get a real job! nice try!
tells...it...like...it...is::Would be wonderful if OKC earns home court advantage throughout playoffs.
E L FUDGE::yes it would my son, yes it would
tells...it...like...it...is::Plus, I'm an heir to a cookie fortune!
E L FUDGE::we where waiting for the right time to tell you
tells...it...like...it...is::My dad's an elf?
grizz131313::They could do it.
grizz131313::Grizz need a refund from Rudy Gay, he is way over paid...
Liberal Feminist::I'm a Thunder Fan, but I'm also a HUGE high school basketball fan.  I'm from the Baltimore/D.C. area so Durant/Gay are my favorite players to watch. With that being said it's EXTREMELY frustrating to watch Gay play.  He has ALL the talent in the world but just can't seem to put it all together.  I think he needs to spend a summer with Durant and see what it means to work your $@% off to become better.  If Gay put in the time and effort Durant does every summer, then Gay would be right there with Durant as a superstar.
grizz131313::Rudy, 33% shooting, 25% Threes, 20% FT!!!!! 3 reb, no assist 5 fouls... Grizz can win without Rudy, can't win without ZBO... proven.
grizz131313::I like Rudy also, at $40 mil less.  He needs to become a team player.
grizz131313::You a Thunder fan?
E L FUDGE::yes sir
E L FUDGE::i like Rudy G
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Only reason I support OKC sometimes is because of Kevin Durant since he played for the Texas Longhorns. Same goes for Lamarcus Aldridge
Liberal Feminist::If Durant didn't like OKC, then he wouldn't have signed a long term deal with them.  There's just nothing else to it.  He could have got the same (if not more) money anywhere in the country.
T8ke_A_Picture::He played for the Longhorns one season and then skip town. He played for the Thunder the longest.
Matthew Borba::I'm an OU fan, and agree with the above statement, he absolutely loves OKC.
T8ke_A_Picture::Oklahoma Sooners, not the state..............god!
I am Dirk Nowitzki::watch his youtube videos and how he hates Oklahoma
cod4hooper::How do you figure you support them at all? You've done nothing but bash them after yet another solid win.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::I only bashed WestBRICK not Kevin Durant the BEAST!!!
WIkalikalou::Durant and Westbrook were at each others throat tonight again. This team is falling apart. 9-2, what a bad record.
The Honey Badger::I think he was being sarcastic people...
c_gillum::troll
Mega_Tron4::go learn the game before you come on here and start talkin.
T8ke_A_Picture::Bad record and I thought the defending champs record was bad?
T8ke_A_Picture::Wow Thabo 3-3 at the three point line. Someone practice shooting during the off season.
Liberal Feminist::One of the announcers for the Thunder tried to interview Sef before a home game.  He said that their interview was cut short because Thabo needed to shoot 300 3's before the game started.  That's encouraging for Thunder Fans!!  Thunder up!!
MrBobunk::And Westbrook was the one to tell Thabo to take that F@#$ing shot....
cod4hooper::Westbrook AND Durant are both setting him up so well for wide open spot up 3s. Love it....same with Harden.
cod4hooper::All the crap talking aside...  Thunder really are looking good. I know people are going to try and focus on the fact that we don't blow teams out, but the point is, they're winning and that's all I can ask for at this point of the season. THUNDER UP BABY!!!
Matthew Borba::It's weird, but I don't see Mavericks as one of the teams above..
E L FUDGE::Mavs fans are Thunder fans
USS_Flipper::it sucks that the mavs are no longer contenders in the league. have fun with your one and only trophy
E L FUDGE::They should be happy because its their last. Congrats
Mega_Tron4::this is our year
NewYorkMetsMan::I'm no mavs fan, but a lot of teams would LOVE to have that one and only trophy
I am Dirk Nowitzki::how about the Thunder win one Championship before talking crap
WIkalikalou::Westbrook is terrible, isn't he? Scoring 29 points tonight, and all.
LandMan152::He's not terrible, but if he had the right mindset (that this is a TEAM), we might be 11-0 instead of 9-2.
cod4hooper::Man I wish Durant and Westbrook would get along!!
LandMan152::Watch more OKC games and see. He's not terrible, but if he had the right mindset, maybe his TEAM would be 11-0 instead of 9-2. He thinks he's bigger than the team, that's all.
cod4hooper::That's absolutely not true. In what way do you figure that? Because he's a point guard with a scoring mindset? You act like he takes scoring from Durant. Last I checked Durant is the 2 time reigning scoring champion so....riddle me that one batman.
WIkalikalou::I've watched every single one.
T8ke_A_Picture::Thanks for losing us the game Westbrook!
Matthew Borba::30*
T8ke_A_Picture::Westbrook &gt; Rose  Rose has a speech impediment. He should have Shaq teach him how to put together a sentence.
tbomber2::you got your &lt; backwards
T8ke_A_Picture::Durant &gt; Dirk
I am Dirk Nowitzki::well I like both of them
I am Dirk Nowitzki::your on drugs if your saying WestBRICK is better then Rose
E L FUDGE::Dallas sux! Nuff said.
E L FUDGE::Nobody likes the Mavs outside of Dallas. They were gonna ship them off to Seattle but they finally won a ring after 60 years. FACT
cod4hooper::All Mavericks fans used to be Spurs fans in the past. FACT!!!  I never met a Mavericks fan when the Spurs were killin it...
I am Dirk Nowitzki::OKC Fans used too be Mavs fans in the past  FACT
rrookstool0530::NOT FACT!
LandMan152::you're the Atlanta Braves of the NBA.... all this winning... 1 title.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::lol 10 Straight years of 50+ win does not mean you suck
cod4hooper::Just because you follow up an ignorant statement with FACT, doesn't mean everyone is just going to believe you...
E L FUDGE::I dont think anybody was a Mavs fan because you always sucked
LandMan152::Not fact... there used to not be a team worthy of rooting for... now I watch OKC.
T8ke_A_Picture::Why when the Spurs were winning?
Matthew Borba::Not fact..
I am Dirk Nowitzki::WestBRICK is going too be Free Agent soon. The Mavs might pick him up if they don't land Derron Williams or Howard
Mega_Tron4::all you get is khloe kardashian
E L FUDGE::Hes not old enough to be on the Mavs. You gotta be like 40 to make the squad
cod4hooper::And then you'll love and adore him. You're not landing Williams or Howard, and you're certainly not getting Westbrook.
USS_Flipper::he doesnt want to play with a decrepit old team
Matthew Borba::So why do you keep doggin' him?
MRNYBOY2009::both these teams cannot beat the bulls or the heat
cod4hooper::Negative sir!! Not this year..
MRNYBOY2009::??? who is going to the finals then sir??
Matthew Borba::Have they played those two teams yet?
cod4hooper::Why do you mention the Bulls? Lol they aren't going to the finals...
MRNYBOY2009::what makes you think that the bulls have no shot at going to the finals??? the only team in the nba that is a threat to them are the heat
Smallhands3::Westbrook and Rose are very similar in play style.
Mega_Tron4::their both athletic freaks
BWrightFF::Westbrook is a terrific player that lacks attention towards him ina positive way.
youngmac123::westbrook is a better shooter, there's nothing rose does better than westbrook but pass
youngmac123::jalen rose?
LandMan152::He doesn't turn the ball over 5 fricking times every quarter either.
gotigersmemphis87::And everything else
LandMan152::Rose is a better shooter.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Rose is 100X better then WestBRICK
LandMan152::Except Rose is the best player on his team and Westbrook is NOT.
T8ke_A_Picture::Except Rose gets a break when he has a terrible game.
gotigersmemphis87::Except rose is much better
LandMan152::All you gamblers aren't really fans. Just root for a freaking team to WIN the game.
piggybanksRR::if you were here i would shove a hundred dollar bill in your mouth and tell you to go slap your mother
LandMan152::I don't need your hundred dollars. I get paid to go to school.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::The Spurs were the #1 seed last year and we all know what happened so Thunder fans don't get too excited since you still have Westbrick
francisnolan::Westbrick? Can we please get skip bayless off this board
d butler16::Remember 2007
youngmac123::"westbrick" outplayed kevin durant tonight
Matthew Borba::Thunder isn't Boston, so..
Mega_Tron4::spurs were just to old
cod4hooper::Hahaha awww are you upset??
ok_sooner82::actually mavs r 0-2 against the thunder in pre-season and 1-1 so far in reg season
cod4hooper::Isn't the series tied this year...? 1-1..?
I am Dirk Nowitzki::4-1  Mavs own Thunder
piggybanksRR::COVERRRRRRREDD thank you OKC . close one
Domowild::yeah i was sweating my b a l l s
Domowild::COverrrrrr! thank you OKC
RollThunder35::9-2
youngmac123::Rudy gay is a ball stopper like carmelo..they both have the same game, the team plays better without rudy gay
Griss13ears::Gonna be a long frigin year. Rudy is not doing anything to help. OK is a scary team...although their fans are pretty much $@%!$@%. At least on this board.
Matthew Borba::Sorry for celebrating our teams victory.
Mega_Tron4::warm up the busses
RollThunder35::Bang!! 2 for 2!
T8ke_A_Picture::I remember back when the Thunder vs Grizzlies series they said, Memphis would of won the series with Rudy.............. Little do they know Z Bo plays better without Rudy.
crmacdo::z bo also plays better with an intact MCL
youngmac123::damn kevin durant lives on the freethrow line i see
RollThunder35::KD= winning with fundementals
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Durant is a BEAST!!!!
J870065::Rudy Gay is doing his best to make sure Memphis has no shot of winning this game. Missed free throws, turnovers down the stretch... Without his mistakes the Grizzlies win
yodaspeaks::He is trying to be the star instead of just playing.
Hurricane3290::Usually he's good down the stretch, but yeah he's had a terrible night.
piggybanksRR::Durant FTW
Minga1984::memphis still can win this or tie this
Mega_Tron4::not anymore
zonawildcats09::thx captain obvious
RollThunder35::its weird.  youd think Thunder fans would hate on Russ.  Its all other fans.
T8ke_A_Picture::They want to get their fantasy points and troll the boards.
RollThunder35::why dont they just fu.ck off somewhere else?
T8ke_A_Picture::It's not Thunder fans that hate Russ, it's the Durant fans that do.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Kevin Durants wants to play for a Texas team since he played for the Texas Longhorns!!!! He hates Oklahoma
Griss13ears::One of the most $@%!$@%! comments I've ever read.
RollThunder35::thats why he signed 5 years, with no clause!!!
T8ke_A_Picture::Yeah and Dirk hates the United States.
T8ke_A_Picture::Same with Durant............duh!
I am Dirk Nowitzki::and that's why Dirk agreed to stay with the Dallas Mavericks instead of going too another team
greenmiamicat::Seattle about to <i>move</i> to 9-2
RDavison82::$@%! up nerd it's past your bedtime. Florida $@%!$@% sucks median age there is like 70 lol. The best thing to happen to that team was moving to okc.
LyndonPatton::Dork lol
T8ke_A_Picture::Westbrook haters please get off the board, real Thunder fans don't want to hear that sh.it.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::lol where were you today troll
I am Dirk Nowitzki::your usually trolling the mavs boards
T8ke_A_Picture::at work?
I am Dirk Nowitzki::OKC will NEVER win a Championship as long as they have Westbrick. This is Kevin Durants team not Westbrooks
RollThunder35::BTW, go fu.ck yourself.
RollThunder35::yes sir!!
ImAllIn0824::westbook INSISTS on being the man, he is killing his team
crmacdo::Everyone has off games dumb @ss
blaine21579::ya that 0-13 game a few games back really shows hes a great player and the leader of this team
MaluBalla13::Westbrook's the reason OKC is winning tonight.  Stop listening to ESPN and form your own opinion by actually watching teh games
Mega_Tron4::hes had a good game
rockhunter45::Yeah his 27 points are really killing them
RollThunder35::he carried them tonight!!!!!!! 27 points.
T8ke_A_Picture::Durant didn't play defense last possession. He let the dude shoot the 3.
eaglesfan1723::Give it to Durant ahhhhhh
