inefekt::yes
jimmiesjonesen::What did I say now?You guys are soft like Pau Gasol!!!You let people talk rape and murder and then you kick me off for standing up for my players!!!!!!!You suck in Bristol!!!!!!
jimmiesjonesen::HEY MODERATORS WHY DON'T YOU GO $@%! YOURSELVES!!!!
jimmiesjonesen::WHERE ARE ALL THE LITTLE BABIES!!!
RabbiLevine::The way we should be handling the Bobcats, solid win and bounce back from the let down in Brooklyn.  Pacers closing in on the #2 and #1 seed in the East.  Would be sick to see Vogel as the coach at the All Star game.
Windy City Stand Up::29 rebound margin
TCluvcarpanthers::joest2003 - if the bobcats drafted Drummond they would have 15 wins right now  If the Cats drafted Drummond, we'd have 5 wins right now. MKG has TWO 25 points/12 rebound games before he's turned 20. Only Lebron James has done that. MKG is a monster and I wouldn't have anyone else from this draft but him.
TCluvcarpanthers::We'll be fine. Move along....
inityminiwur::I don't know how MKG got the no. 2 spot in the Rookie of the Year votes, behind Anthony Davis. Both Davis and MKG are not playing as well as Lillard.
Kujosh54321::Got completely destroyed on rebounds.
Nargash10::Any troll that would come here and say Pacers held a weak team in high 70's hasn't watched any Pacers game this season. This D could possibly end up being one of the greatest D of all time..!!
tranScend::Why is there a team in this city? 13k attendance and god knows how many of those tix were free give aways.  They're barely if even making any money, yet diluting the overall talent base of other true nba cities.  Stern, learn to cut your losses.  You are not god, you made a mistake here.  In the real world, winners know how to dump a loser, unless they want to get dragged down and inevitably become one as well.  Find a way to contract the league, while giving those benefits only to the best nba cities like ny, la, chi.  Making absolutely sure second tier cities like San Antonio don't profit equally.
TCluvcarpanthers::Shut up please. You know nothing...
Giv.Brees. Sum.MVPees::Who has more wins in the east than the Pacers?
Giv.Brees. Sum.MVPees::rhetorical question. Just pointing out the fact that it is going to be a battle in the east.
Taco with a Q::Knicks, Heat and Pacers all have 24 wins, Pacers just have more losses tho
Taco with a Q::Wow a Bulls fan saying how the Pacers schedule is easy?  Yeah Im sorry its halfway through the season actually.  This isnt the NFL where other teams have it easier than others!!  Oh and BTW this is the same Bobcats team they LOST TO BY 10 AT HOME!!
pacerpride35::Kitties stunk up their litter box again. Bad kitties.
MatthewCornwell::Seems to me that the Pacers are better defensively (and obviously shoot a higher %) without Granger.  Anybody missing him in Ind.?
Area55andG2::yes. even with 3 players avg 15+ he is still our leading scorer and stephenson needs to help the bench. it's godawful
azehr31::ok, they definitely don't shoot a higher % with him gone, tonight was an exception, we need grangers offense on this team
S_Hunter21::E'twaun Moore does play for the Magic.  He's just been injured.  Questionable for tomorrow night.  The Pacers will have a tough game against Orlando which always plays the better teams tough.  www.sportsdivide.com
pacerpride35::He's a Boiler. That makes him questionable to begin with.
Area55andG2::Paul George has 4 straight games with a double double. That's pretty impressive
DBrownDrose::wow easy schedule
Taco with a Q::anyone that brings up the schedule in the middle of the season has a very weak arguement
Area55andG2::okay bro. ignorance doesn't make a good argument. go look up your team's schedule. they play the wizards 4 times.
DBrownDrose::i thought u meant how many times we played them already but ok
Area55andG2::they play the wizards 4 times this year
DBrownDrose::bulls did not  play wizards 4 times this year only 1 time
Area55andG2::the bulls play the worst team in the league 4 times this season.
DBrownDrose::3 actually
HAMMER-TIME801::What's a Bismack Biyombo?
scmodawigg::I think in order for the Bobcats to improve, they would be well off to try to trade their 2 first round drafts picks this year for Cousins - perform badly again next season and hope to snatch up Andrew Wiggins with the 1st pick in the 2014 Draft.  Setting up a pretty potent lineup of PG: Kemba Walker SG: Andrew Wiggins SF: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist PF: Bismack Biyombo C: DeMarcus Cousins  Don't give up Bobcats!  There may be hope!
rk6326::Does E'twaun Moore play for the Magic? Like is he injured or just not playing?
Vinsomniac::I don't understand why the nba hasn't contracted some teams yet
Area55andG2::anyway this game to me, exemplified the Pacers balance of scoring. Of course we were playing the bobcats, but I feel we should be able to consistently have games similar to this one
MasterOfLogic::Wow this board just completely died lol
Area55andG2::yep
dorucevic::send bobcats to seattle leave kings in sacramento
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::bobcats are an embarrassment to Carolina. Just remove them. The college basketball programs are better
joest2003::worry about your boy rivers
joest2003::what should be Bobcats starters  1; Kemba 2:Henderson, unfortunately 3:Warrick 4:Manimal 5: Drummond
joest2003::your right i just didnt know who els to put there
steelersbobcatsredsox::warrick starting at the 3? there are no 3 pt shooters in this line up
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::When Danny Granger comes back, who does he repalce in the starting lineup?
Area55andG2::stephenson. the same lineup as last year
Taco with a Q::Lance
MasterOfLogic::...and we all know who Lance replaces in the bench.
Area55andG2::dorucevic, hibbert and dirk don't even play the same position. And they're games are on opposite ends of the spectrum.
steelersbobcatsredsox::i hope mullens returns soon, as much as it hurts to admit it, his loss has really hurt the bobcats
Taco with a Q::hopelena05The truth hurts Pacer fans as long as LeBron and Melo reside in the east you will be the feast   If thats not trolling at its worst then IDK what is!!  I couldnt help but laugh at the MELO remark lol
7horns7eyes::Eh, I've seen better.
Taco with a Q::for today at least
MasterOfLogic::There's going to be a huge difference between the 2nd and 3rd seed in the East. I think either Boston, Brooklyn, or Chicago ends up with the sixth seed with either Atlanta or Milwaukee getting the seventh.
dorucevic::Nowitzki can score whenever he wants.freethrow,three point,and unstoppable fadeaway shot.To me this year no team in east will win Championship
dorucevic::i saw that in the playoffs against miami
dorucevic::10,17,17,15,20 last 5 games. are u saying hibbert is better? :)
leo9212::Dirk will never be as good as hibbert on defense. For the pacers thats all we really need.
MasterOfLogic::His defense is way way better.
MasterOfLogic::...unless he plays the Pacers defense...
dorucevic::me and this other dude were talking about the dirk
leo9212::Dirk is not getting traded one main reason is his contract one of the highest in the league.
leo9212::What does Dirk have to do with anything. WTF
Area55andG2::the mavs won't make the playoffs, so unless he gets traded to like the clips, your point is invalid
Area55andG2::if the playoffs started today, we'd be playing the hawks in a 3rd Vs 6th seed match up. Hopefully that changes come april.
MasterOfLogic::I don't... Atlanta just isn't good anymore...
Taco with a Q::It will be, I think we get 2nd seed
StompYourFace25::end rants for the night    goodbye
StompYourFace25::We just had to start 7-5... got my hopes up and then there goes that 2-24 strech like WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF I DESERVE BETTER THAN THIS I HAVE STUCK WITH THIS $@%!$@ TEAM THAT I LOVE SINCE THE CREATION COME ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
auburnfan29405::stay true to the team - take the small w's and turn them into the finals for a night. its all the same
7horns7eyes::"Man, how do you put up with such lousy teams?!"  - natives of Cleveland
joest2003::Hang in there brotha
Area55andG2::well I heard that the Miami Heat were good...
leo9212::Ohh no. If you gona be a bandwagon might as well be a thunder fan atleast they drafted and built there team.
StompYourFace25::i will never and I mean <u> <b> NEVER </b></u>  root for a team outside of this city
7horns7eyes::He's not THAT desperate.
carial2::carial2 Please David stern kick the bobcats out of the NBA this team is an embarasment to the NBA there are college teams that can beat this team 54 Seconds Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share
joest2003::you do know they beat the pacers this year and thers teams with worse records right?
MasterOfLogic::I think Stern should kick you out of this board... can't handle the tough times? Go be a bandwagon fan.
rk6326::Post it one more time. I don't think people have seen it...
joest2003::if the bobcats drafted Drummond they would have 15 wins right now
joest2003::hes a complete freak athlete and hes only 19 your talking about the bobcats who drafted Biyombo first last year
Poor Oregon::Drummond was too much risk to be a top 3 pick
Poor Oregon::MKG 2 points wtf?
Budd1087::I dont get it either
MasterOfLogic::I hope PG doesn't pull off a Hibbert once he gets his contract...
leo9212::The thing is Hibbert was never really a good scorer. His defense is pretty much what we look forward to. PG always plays with energy and is a scorer.
7horns7eyes::You'd think by now that players would wisen up on albatross contracts.
hopelena05::The Pacers are like a date that just gets worse as the night goes on
hopelena05::The Pacers are the NBA version of Peyton Manning minus a ring
Taco with a Q::and the Knicks are what?  lol didnt think so
hopelena05::Yeah Melo that NBA superstar that the Pacers dont have
Taco with a Q::AND the Pacers have the team and defense the Knicks dont have
hopelena05::The truth hurts Pacer fans as long as LeBron and Melo reside in the east you will be the feast
Taco with a Q::MELO????  HAHAHAHA I just about died laughing!!!
hopelena05::How about this the Pacers will win the whole thing HAHAHA
Taco with a Q::Trolls are bad enough, but a BAD troll is ever worse.  Not even good at doing it
MasterOfLogic::Your "jokes" get worse as the night goes on...
MasterOfLogic::fixed it lol
7horns7eyes::Those are jokes?
leo9212::Huh??
Taco with a Q::Your jokes are like wearing socks in the shower, its pointless
Rhino5643::a knicks troll lol
Taco with a Q::Yeah actually we do, so get out of here Knick fan.   1 playoff win in 12 years and you wanna talk about playoffs?  lmao we were in the finals the last time you won 2 playoffs games!!
hopelena05::You really think the Pacers will win a playoff series? I feel sorry for ya
carial2::kick the bobcats out of the NBA this team is an embarasment to the NBA there are college teams that can beat this team. The city is crappy as well they average 10 people per game what a joke
carial2::carial2 Please David stern kick the bobcats out of the NBA this team is an embarasment to the NBA there are college teams that can beat this team 54 Seconds Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share
rk6326::We should kick you out of this board...
StompYourFace25::aaaaaaaaaaaand that's what people were saying about the pacers a few years ago. gtfo troll.
leo9212::he is not a pacers fan lol
Taco with a Q::Ive never seen him in here, dont think he's a Pacers fan
StompYourFace25::LOL watching Bobcats' post game in the background and I just heard Dunlap say "... and when we focus on it we are damn good"  ?$?#?$!#?%T@Y?#@WE?GQ?AGDF?SFSDF?DS?H
Area55andG2::it's going to be a lovely reunion tommorrow with the Magic fans.
leo9212::Ohh my i remember the series like it was yesterday. They talked so much shi t after they won one game saying we are going to lose the series.
Area55andG2::Dirk is nice and all, but making a move for him would almost go against the character of our team. Everybody pitches in, we don't want to rely soley on one player.
StompYourFace25::being a bobcats fan SUCKS but I can't resist from watching every game start to end... I can't root for any other teams... WHY?!?!!??
dorucevic::im pacers and panthers fan if that helps :)
Budd1087::Is that you Colby?
StompYourFace25::no, this is patrick  really
Taco with a Q::Hell us pacers fans had to go 5 years without the playoffs while we used to get in year after year. lol that was rough
Taco with a Q::not to mention the brawl that destroyed our possible championship team
7horns7eyes::You brave, brave man.
rk6326::You deserve an award. I'm actually being serious.
rk6326::That is loyalty at its finest.
StompYourFace25::That's what people were saying to me last year... "You watched every game? Wtf?"
Undisputed Heavyweight World Champion::Lol Hibbert making all that $$$ putting up 9 &amp; 8 for the season.
Budd1087::Yeah he's a block machine
Rhino5643::hes one of the best defensive centers, doesnt need to score
Taco with a Q::If Hibbert does what he did tonight then Ill take it
dorucevic::Pacers are one Superstar player away from winning the title,come on Kevin Pritchard make it happen.(Dirk Nowitzki)
dorucevic::well i mentioned his name cuz he is unhappy in dallas right now didnt want to mention gasol :)i believe nowitzki can still play at high level.other player soon to be gone is russell westbrook i dont believe two superstars will last long enough on that team okc
Taco with a Q::I love Dirks game, but Im not sure thats who we would need althought he is instant offense
Undisputed Heavyweight World Champion::Dirk, at this point in his career, is not going to get it done.
Area55andG2::uh no.
Taco with a Q::Pacers have 24 wins,   along with the HEAT and KNICKS!!!   Just more losses sadly
