John1644466:::-D
speakmemory::Nice to see World Peace giving it his all - Glad to see him try to be aggressive - Go figure, the Lakers play their best game on the 3rd day!
speakmemory::The game against Chicago was pretty nice, too - just didn't end it well
footballnick23::Ron Artest missing the wide open layup vs Dallas last year hahah http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6SzsHHkEeI
boom.shaka.::Gonna save that one for the grand kids?
GloriaCrackPipeJames::These Lakers have never won without D fisher... fish comes alive in the playoffs. The question is can this old roster with Ball hog handle the regular season? Can these Role players survive these 66 games... Bynum is as good as injured or traded and Pau is not over last season or this seasons trade rumors./.. Kobe's a walking patient. Mike Brown wanting old players to play lock down defense won't last long. Mitch has a huge job trying to get this ship right. Good luck!
GloriaCrackPipeJames::I've watch the lakers since 1982.... The Lakers had most of their success under Pat and Phil....  Mike Brown is not going to do squat!
fortwintee1::and you got this "Great" insight how?......ohhhh by being a hater.....ok.....how bout we let the season play out before we start talking meaningless trash...#5RingsInThe2000s
realmadridolay::lol where were all these haters when the lakers owned every team in the Nba for 2 years in a row ? , Coming from a Miami fan
speakmemory::Only counting Los Angeles championships -
socialsatyr11::Owned my A$$ - 7 game series against the Celts where Kobrick shoots 6/24 is not owned. Luck and being injury free has as much to do with winning as anything else. That's the reason why people go hard on Faker fans, you guys talk out of your a$$ all day.
speakmemory::You all go HARD on us "Faker" fans because we are winners, always have been - won titles in 1972, 1980, 1982, 1985, 1987, 1988, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2008, AND 2009 - We've been in the Finals TWENTY-SIX TIMES!  - We may not win it every year, but who does?  JUST FACTS HERE.
fortwintee1::here
GloriaCrackPipeJames::You meant refs
GloriaCrackPipeJames::They work for the Heat now.. did you see the B.S calls Miami got last night??? I did dog, and I live in Miami.
supe540::I watched a good part of the game last night and I say the Jazz were among the worst coached teams I've ever seen.
quietfan123_3::they're also one of the youngest...be fair. 3/4s of their roster is 2nd and third year players.
BOPPAZ AND CHOPPAZ::WITH THE 1st PICK IN THE 2012 NBA DRAFT, THE LA TAKERS SELECT....
Tennison0186::That will never happen. Maybe if Kobe goes down with a season ending injury but that will never happen. P.S i hate the Lakers i am a HEAT fan.
kdiroddee::Lakers need to play Darius Morris and Steve Blake. Put Derrick Fisher at the end of the bench!
Mitchsbrowns::Right now Fisher helps us in 0 categories on the floor. He helped us win championships, but his time is just over. He has 0 defense, he struggles against any quick pg or sg. He has trouble making and shot and can't drive. I'm confused y Phil played him so much and y mike brown is even starting him. Play Andrew or morris and let Blake play.
kdiroddee::@pjreiter......Derek gets burned on the defensive end. We need youth and athleticism on the perimeter.
kdiroddee::Everybody saying what the Lakers need, they HAVE what they need. Morris, Goudelock, and Ebanks, along with what they already have make them a dangerous team!
pjreiter::Derek (nor Derrick) Fisher does much more for us than score points.  He's a leader when he's on the floor and he knows how to distribute it and when to shoot.
boom.shaka.::Morris?  Yes.  Blake?  umm.....
tommygtaa::I cant wait to watch the game tomorrow clippers vs San Antonio, clippers must win this :D i'm gonna watch the streaming here www.mynbatv.com
pjreiter::San Antonio by 15.
boom.shaka.::The Clippers already won it en route to the Finals silly goose.
..Lakester..::Jazz look like a good up and coming team even though it didnt look like it last night. I can see them doing some damage in the next couple years
Mitchsbrowns::Last night Jazz looked like one of the worst teams in the nba. Coaching was awful, players couldn't hit a shot or layup. I don't see them going anywhere in the next 5 years unless they get a big name free agent.
pjreiter::The only damage they will do is to the attendance numbers for their arena.  This team will continue to stink for several years until the owners commit to getting some star players.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Jazz Organization Wont let the team to be like Timberwolves Team ..so i expect big changes to come  along with development of young players . They must be on the same page sooner than later .  GO Jazz !!!
JazzFanFromINDIA::GORDON HAYWARD - 2010 PICK (9)  DERRICK FAVORS - 2010 PICK (3)  JEREMY EVANS - 2010 PICK   ENES KANTER - 2011 PICK (3)  ALEC BURKS - 2011 PICK (12) ( BEST SG IN THE 2011 DRAFT )  2 LOTTERY PICKS IN 2012  !! Expect this team to be Contenders in 3-4 years .
pjreiter::Looks like a 40-40 team at best.
JazzFanFromINDIA::All These Picks Are Acquired Ones Trading Deron Williams Era Players !!!
Zonker40::Shrug, looks like the Clippers starting lineup for about 25 straight years... all lottery picks.
JazzFanFromINDIA::RELAX Jazz Fans !!!   It was the first game of  the year against the Lakers in L.A.! Since when does losing a game like that  mean we are doomed for the rest of the year? The fact is, the Jazz will  struggle on the road against playoff teams this year. But as long as we beat a  few of them and beat most of the non-playoff teams on the road; as well as have  a somewhat decent record at home, I will consider the season a success. Do you  people really expect a team with 7 guys that are 26 years old or younger to  beat up on the Lakers? In their building? Come on!    The Oklahoma City Thunder started out 0-8 in the 07'-08' season, which was  Kevin Durant's rookie season, and went on to a 20-62 record by the end of the  season! Then in the 08'-09' season they started out 1-16 and ended at 23-59!!  Now they are the favorite to win the West!    So once again... CHILL OUT!
mrskinnybob::Did Kobe call the laker "blue collar"? San Antonio yes, Lakers no. Although the lakers do have a bunch of white guys that look they belong on a assembly line and not in the NBA. I don't think Walton knows he plays for the lakers yet.
fortwintee1::yup
quietfan123_3::seriously...that's the most white people Staples has seen since segregation ended.
reisbastos::The Lakers will improve... They must be wise managing the minutes in this hard season. Kobe is still a tremendous player...
Kyled808::Sham  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFsqtgjVw_4
GloriaCrackPipeJames::The Lakers got a Win vs  one of if not the worst teams in the NBA. Good luck L.A with the Draft.
pjreiter::As cleb976 stated the Lakers deserve much more credit than everyone is giving.  They basically gave away game 1 (4 missed free throws and a turnover).  Game 2 was sort of a carryover from game 1's disappointing loss and in game 3 they finally got the ship righted.  This team will be just fine.  Bynum is back soon as well.  Can't wait.
utah_utes417::32% pardon 28 was half time
utah_utes417::jazz shot 28% bump that up to a still very poor 40% and they beat the lakers easily.  lakers are in trouble.
cleb976::They barely lost to the Bulls on Christmas because they were missing Bynum, the next night they were on a back to back against a young talented team, and then they whoop the fully rested Jazz while they are on a back-to-back-to-back and you give them no credit...how interesting. And I'm not even a Lakers fan
..Lakester..::Thanks buddy!
..Lakester..::I dont have any high expectations for the Lakers, but they looked very good on the defensive side against the Bulls and last night against the Jazz
seattlemarinersnumber1::Jazz have 63 more chances to lose ugly this season. Lakers defend home turf, but not much more.  A bit early to predict that Miami takes it all this year, but yes, Miami takes it all this year.
tebrina::I love Luke Walton and all and yes I think he would be a great coach someday but I just have to ask is he supposed to be an untouchable laker or something? He's been on the team longer than anyone except kobe or fisher
kdiroddee::Yeah, he's through!!!
seattlemarinersnumber1::Luke slots in as the tall, semi good looking white guy that doesn't embarrass the team too much.
Despicable One::I agree. This dude has produced next to nothing and remains a Laker. He was a Phil Jackson "triangle" player so he got signed to a ridiculous contract and now because of all his injuries, lack of playing time (due to $hitty play) he has no trade value. No one wants him and we're stuck with him. Drives me nuts.
Kyled808::The NBA has been a complete joke for a long time. Just money-making entertainment like pro wrestling or the Harlem Globetrotters that tries to pass itself off as real competition. The referees are completely bogus. People pay to be entertained which is great but they are also fed the BS that it is legitimate when it is just bogus crap manipulated by referees to make the league the most money. Suckers just keep paying to watch.  :50 - :58 says it all: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUAn91ZtgB0
fortwintee1::i suggest you go to a football forum then.
Kyled808::I could care less who won. If you didn't see and don't see how much of a sham the NBA is, you are who they depend on.
martincruz1988::oh boooo hoooo cry me a river
Despicable One::Homer. You obviously are still in pain from your loss to the Lakers as evident by your clip from almost 10 years ago. Get over it. The Lakers were jobbed in the Finals against the Pistons. Check the disparity in foul calls. The biggest difference ever. Oh well. I got over it.
Despicable One::Including yourself apparently or you wouldn't have spent the time to remember a game from almost 10 years ago and post a YouTube clip. The same $@%! has happened to the Lakers too buddy. Try the Finals appearance against the Pistons. Check out the disparity in foul calls there. Stop being a homer. Blown calls happen EVERY single game.
Jason Terry765::Pau time is up n LA,he has skills but he's so soft,i'm sick of  smaller player blocking his shots and play him tough.Having bigger players(Bynum,Odom) really helps his game and remember he look real real bad n the playoffs last season.
dashiad::Kobe  was looking as bad as Gasol in last years playoffs.But he's always judged by his whole career.If something doesnt work as it should with the Lakers, fans think that chanting "Kobe has rings, Lebron dont, Kobe is better than MJ" and "Gasol is soft" will bring showtime back to Staples, and keep Kobe forever young.Few facts: Kobe is getting old.Dont expect many "MVP" chants in Staples.You can of course judge how Lakers do in the playoffs based on how Gasol plays; if Lakers lose against Boston, is because Gasol is soft.But if Lakers win against Orlando, and (again) Boston, dont forget that it's also because how Gasol plays against Howard and KG.And if Lakers lose against Dallas, is, again, related to Gasol...Ok...Then...What's Kobe for? You can judge Kobe for his career, but that doesnt help much for next game score..Kobe nor his career scare anybody today.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Move the T-Wolves out of Minn, and into San Diego. It can't get any worse for that team. Would give the Lake Show another punk brother to beat up on.
Ray7182770::LOL @ Laker fans putting their hopes on Bynum's legs... over and over again
Jason Terry765::The man is the biggest longest player n the league,but with that being said he better play well as soon as he gets back or his time is up n LA...........
Ray7182770::Has missed a total 2 seasons out of 6.... LOL but i undersand, y'all rarely see him play so its like he's a rookie every season.
yosi24::he looked terrific in the preseason  i'm always worried about him getting injured, but realistically no team can afford to lose a star (besides the heat)
yosi24::DNP in 2008 finals = loss the celtics  played injured in 2009 2010 = back to back
boom.shaka.::Can't speak for all Lakers fans, but I put my hope in the $16m team option on his contract.  Should be good for a high #1 or impact player in the trade market.
kaptinkangaroo::Enes Kanter = Fesenko V2.0
Jason Terry765::Kanter is a wide body and cant get of the ground
_misterfurious::So Laker fans, do you think this team is not good enough to compete? Because with Bynum and Gasol, you basically have the best PF and C combination in the entire NBA; you add to that a supposedly rested and rejuvenated Kobe Bryant, and some bench production from McRoberts, Troy Murphy and Metta World Peace - is that supposed to be like a bad team or something?   That team should compete for a ring - if not, they underachieve.
Jason Terry765::VCarter was a bad pickup
seattlemarinersnumber1::mavs lost a few big pieces, and right now, just look lost.
_misterfurious::If Bynum is healthy and plays most of the games, I don't see what the problem is. If Bynum is not going to play most of the time, then yeah - that's a big problem.   But certainly Bynum is better than Marc Gasol or Kendrick Perkins or whoever else. Pau should win his matchup at PF as well - so it's not like they can't compete.
Jason Terry765::Misterfurious everything is a IF with Bynum LAL needs guard play bad,a PG that can play D
boom.shaka.::@_mister -- fair enough.  For the record, I think this team as comprised will compete for the title in a weak Pacific -- the Clippers are the only team that's improved and they still have holes to fill.
_misterfurious::Yeah he's definitely over-paid and not reliable. I agree 100% with you there.   But I just think that fans of the Lakers are over-stating how much trouble the team is in. Losing Odom was a big blow - I'll say that much.
boom.shaka.::But isn't that always the question with Bynum?  He's averaged 50 games a year for his career and that's just not enough to count on.  He'd be great at $8-10m a year, but he's just not worth the $16-18m he'll likely get on his next contract.
yosi24::the mavs lost their 2 biggest advantages against the lakers (barrea and tyson chandler)  we just gotta get past the thunder/clippers/blazers  memphis is interesting... lakers grizzlies would probably go 7 games
yosi24::as long as the lakers don't face the heat, they could realistically win a ring this year
jbrown2452::Yeah... they have a good core in Kobe, Artest, Fish, Pau, and Bynum.... but even in those names mentioned that's not enough to win a ring... I'd be surprised if they made the WCF..
seattlemarinersnumber1::Memphis could be a real dark horse this year.
boom.shaka.::I think losing Battier will hurt more than they know, but I still like them to get a 2nd round series at home this year.
boom.shaka.::I've been a Lakers fan since 1977 and I don't see this team getting past OKC....maybe not even Memphis.
boom.shaka.::Bottom line for Bynum is its put up or shut up time for him.  He's been whining about wanting to be a bigger part of the offense, now he has to prove he can handle the load.  Especailly with a team option on his contract next year.  If he wants a near-max deal, he's gonna have to produce.
seattlemarinersnumber1::If Bynum wants to whine, he should join a European soccer team. Not a Bynum believer...
Ray7182770::Anyone with deep playoff ambitions for the Lakers are dellusional. Does anyone else see how terrible that bench is.. oh and 3 of the 5 starters as well?
seattlemarinersnumber1::Blazers keep waiting for good news on Oden. Not a prospect worth waiting for, imo. Roy not coming back in another uniform. Blazers will offer him a management (or coaching) job before they let him go wandering off.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Painful to see BRoy retire. Even more painful to see the Blazers resign Oden.
yosi24::1 year contract for Oden is a good deal  and i still don't buy that Roy is done (ten bucks he's on a roster by the playoffs, or next year)
seattlemarinersnumber1::Bynum is a rich man's Oden.
yosi24::that's hilarious  2 championships, 40 pt game  etc etc etc  lmao you dummy
Ray7182770::Bynum will be back for the 5th game and out for the season by the 6th
yosi24::your mom had sex on the 5th day, and you're $@%!$@%! $@% was out on the 6h
boom.shaka.::You mean the 41st -- based on his career average.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Blake gone, and the Blazers are thankful. Lakers have more market share than fan respect outside of LA.
yosi24::blazers and thunder are the only 2 teams that scare me in the west (matching up with the lakers)
yosi24::ebanks is gonna be a good player  and hold off on judging this team 'till bynum gets back (or if they pull the trigger on a dwight trade)
yosi24::the lakers could have beaten the thunder last year, who knows rly  the mavs was an awful matchup, and they're worse this year than last
jbrown2452::yeah... they are almost looking like the 06 07 lakers.. Minus Lamar Odom.. At least they have an inside presence with Pau and Bynum... Steve Blake is so streaky!! I cringe when he shoots the ball...
yosi24::ron artest looks jacked  idk where all that talk of him being out of shape came from  i'm tired of people setting up others to fail. that's really weird
yosi24::nope  and artest looked incredible vs the kings and jazz
cleb976::Metta World Peace*
yosi24::the thing about lebron is...  you don't need to set him up to fail  he does it on his lonesome
boom.shaka.::@-mister -- no.  And neither is the other guy.
_misterfurious::Are you high?
ZachC1965::Kobe fans should check the box scores out...  The guy NEVER makes half of his shots...  His game is built around undeserved free throws...  And beating a lousy Jazz team doesn't mean crap...
boom.shaka.::Are you saying a guy who shoots about 45% from the field for his career doesn't make half his shots?  BRILLIANT!!!!
Jaemitch::Oh yeah Laker haters, Lakers had it so easy playing the 3rd leg of a back to back to back and STILL won. Yeah Jazz may suck but they had as big of an advantage as they could....Lakers will prevail.
Jaemitch::Kobe keeps playing like this (being a scorer, facilitator, and overall good game) on a team that people are somehow writing off, he should be MVP...still early though.
boom.shaka.::I'm a Lakers fan and I'm a bit torn.  Realistically, this team would need some help to reach the Finals -- still a lot of question marks.  But it's good enough to win a 1st round series, especially if it gets home court from playing in a weak Pacific Division.  But another second round loss doesn't really help the team build for the future.  There's still an argument to blowing the team up now while it still has value and try to acquire young talent (not necessarily named Howard) via draft, trade or FA.  It would mean sucking for 2-3 seasons but being well positioned for the next dynasty -- maybe even send Kobe off with one last ring.
kobnk2007::KobMe Cryant.
marvin alston::RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR you haters still out there...only 63 more games to go.
Ray7182770::The Lakers should be glad that there are still slow cerebral teams that they can play against because those are the only teams they will beat this season. They should have shown that game closer to midnight for anyone having a hard time falling asleep
boom.shaka.::you mean like Miami and the Clippers?
seattlemarinersnumber1::Kobe paying off his ex and her lawyers, and the Fakers drift into flailing mediocrity. Also ran. Again.
jaylee883::metta 6th man of the year!
tbest23::Bet Jazz management is happy they kept the chubby CJ Miles and let Matthews bolt to Portland...
cougarfromouterdarkness::matthews is for sure a better player, and when is CJ ever amazing? some people are so stupid, scoring 18-20 points isn't that impressive when you shoot in the 30-35% range
yosi24::whoa there buddy  go look at their stats, it's pretty similar  miles is also a year younger (and i'm guessing cheaper too)  furthermore, miles is a better 1 on 1 player. matthews is more of a role player/catch and shoot guy
seattlemarinersnumber1::Matthews happy to be a Blazer. Jazz sinking to new lows...
yosi24::lol Matthews probably a better player, but CJ Miles is amazing at times
jjoripzone::..... And the world continues to revolve around the Lakers.....
OFrog::Why in the world, not Metta Peace, would you play your starters deep into the 4th quarter with a 25 point lead on the third consecutive night? Phil always emptied the bench.
boom.shaka.::Umm, Mike Brown isn't Phil.  Just sayin....
jaylee883::brown wants the guys to develop chemistry , he put them back in when the Jazz went on a 9-0 run. He wants them to gain confidence in his system. Metta has been great off the bench so far.
OFrog::With a day off the next day? I personally think it is a bad move. Especially when you have a real condensed week and condensed season. Other coaches with big leads are pulling all of their starters, both Karl and Spoelstra. There was no rotation, and the players seem to have a decent grasp of the system already, especially the starters. I want them rested and the backups in there getting precious minutes.
yosi24::maybe he's sending a message to the bench, it's time to step it up?  walton and goudelock need to perform
3PeatKB24::Because there was no preseason and Brown is trying to get these guys reps and establish a rotation
Asianflash7::They could do that since they ran the system for years upon years.  This is one is all new.
_mongo_slade_::Because there's no practice time in this compressed schedule. These guys need time on the floor running the new system
yosi24::phil sent messages all the time, leaving the starters in
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::What hasppened to Al Jefferson last night?
yosi24::he blows... never was good...  and somehow kevin mchael convinced david khan that al jefferson would be an allstar?
inglewood247::He probably got a hold of some METTA WORLD PEACE gonja.
rex_coach::he was hanging out with adam morrison the night before...
martincruz1988::I heard morrison got cut from a serbian team..KID cant catch a break! lol
P.C..::how the west was won... idk. I do now this Xmas themed song will do some good for ya ! Your A Mean One (mr grinch)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejrAa9vUiXc&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C34c5013UDOEgsToPDskKA1hm8MrBjD1nxzCSZ8iaY
yosi24::underrated storyline from last night...  minnesota traded garnett for al jefferson
rex_coach::perspective
RonnyRAGE::this will be a long season for the Jazz can anyone name the starting five?  Jazz logo sucks, coach sucks, owner sucks. I've been a diehard fan for 29 years and I can say this.
RonnyRAGE::We should have taken New Orleans money a few years back(Think it was $10 mil and a draft pick) and traded names Utah Beehive State=Utah Hornets
martincruz1988::Im actually kinda glad they went back to their old school logo.. way better than the logos they had throughout the 90s and last decade...those were atrocious imo!!
rex_coach::"Happy Holiday's" Mods...
boom.shaka.::Looks like lunch break in New Dehli is over....
thethugzbunny::I love how lakers fans are $@%!$@% LIVID about losing Lamar Odom, then you go 0-2 and you beat the Jazz at home, as if people honestly thought the jazz were going to win (coming from a jazz fan) no team would start 0-3 especially with 2 home games, and against a basically all rookie jazz team, with a new coach, and the first game of the season, and since they won its like "WE ARE ON THE RIGHT TRACK" you're pathetic.
thethugzbunny::you HONESTLY dont think he had a point to be pissed about getting traded?!  averaging 14 and 9 coming off the bench, how long was he there, 7 years? on top of that, If KOBE was mad about him getting traded, theres obviously something there.
yosi24::lamar's an idiot  it's not like they traded him for a scrub  if he wanted to stay in LA, he could have just retired
thethugzbunny::not at all, I know the jazz suck, c'mon i'm realistic
boom.shaka.::Who's "LIVID" about losing an inconsistent flake who was throwing a hissy fit about being traded?
rex_coach::umadbrah?
KungFuHustle1981::The Lamar Odom trade and the recent pick ups of Troy Murphy and Josh McRoberts were just what this team needed.
martincruz1988::Im still pissed that he asked for a trade to begin with because they were going to trade him to new orleans  and was balling his eyes out with stephen a smith..He knows this is a business and stuff like that is going to happen...At least gasol was professional about it..
thethugzbunny::Yeah you're right, i mean, 6th man of the year doesnt mean $@%! to you guys, i forgot.
boom.shaka.::@Jason -- poor guys....don't know why they put up with it.
Jason_ninenine::The Lakers organization obviously doesn't care. You don't want to be in LA and you're not a superstar, then you're out straight mafia styles. The Lakers hold all the jewelry and will always attract more talent.
boom.shaka.::On the contrary, it means a late #1 pick and trade exception.
martincruz1988::khloe made odom soft...its the curse of the kardashians!!! XD
Waraich16::He took way too many shots in the 1st game, i think he was trying to prove tht the lakers made the wrong decision
rex_coach::He will see how playing with a great player improved HIS game...
thethugzbunny::you really honestly think he'd be shooting 12% if he stayed in LA? hahahahhahahahahahahahaha cmonson
yosi24::so shooting 12% on the defending champions doesn't mean anything?  will the real lamar odom please stand up?
boom.shaka.::Nah, I'm sure he'd be up to 35%.  Then back down to 4%  Then back up to 80%  Then back down to....you get the picture.
boom.shaka.::IDK, Odom is shooting 12% on the year so far.  The Lakers gave that up for nothing.
KungFuHustle1981::Coach Brown has this team on the right track.
boom.shaka.::And why are people so fascinated with hurt butts all of a sudden?  Is that something kids are doing these days?
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::Can someone tell me why the Lakes have Eubanks starting and not Metta?   Metta is going to be the key to pick up the scoring they need.  They gotta getta Metta in there...
martincruz1988::Metta is now the sixth man now that odom is gone, they need some kind of scoring off the bench and from what Coach Brown wants is for metta world peeeeeeeeeeaaaaccccceeeee to lead the second unit...at least so far its kinda working because he has been scoring a little bit more than he did in the past
Waraich16::Ebanks has a nice shot and they have metta off the bench becasue they need somone to fill tht Lamr odom role
TheRearNakedChoke...::To stabilize the 2nd unit
boom.shaka.::I loved Eubanks on The Newlywed Game
