perpledynamite::a lot of people are saying that the return is happening Monday vs Denver ,bulls best reporter mike McGraw reported that the bulls have replaced the higher drawing Blackhawks on the main station and the hawks are now on csn plus  .....at guard from Chicago Derrick rooooseeee
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::Good bounce back win Bulls..NOW FOCUS!
Watneys67::Warriors deserve to lose any game they play with those terrible sleeved jerseys.  Play the game in the proper jersey or plan to be embarrassed.
DatGuy8921::Why?  they are a small market team trying to find ways to earn income.
RJelliff88::I think D-Rose is coming back Monday.. If you google it, Flagship has it confirmed; Second they replaced the Blackhawks on the National Station, so I think that means that he's going to play; especially when the Blackhawks are breaking records when it comes to viewers; I highly doubt they were going to knock the Blackhawks off for a Bulls Nuggets game to go Prime-Time without good reason; Thoughts?
Jaywashing::It makes sense--and I've theorized that this brief home stretch is perfect for his return--but I'm not getting my hopes up, simply because I don't want to be disappointed.
.Hero::You probably right
37stan08::.
DABEARZ0811::Does anyone know what "mental issues" D Rose is suffering??
Oaktown1029::Warriors took a 43-42 lead and then were outscored 60-23 (102-65) - that's sad.
modneonj::Guys, this game wasn't even close.  Bulls were up by more than 30 with less than 10 minutes to go.   And yet - Bellinelli plays 40 minutes (and finishes the game) and Radmanovic doesn't even come in the game.
Hawks_Bulls_Cubs_Bears::drose will play on monday against the nuggets!
Hawks_Bulls_Cubs_Bears::lol the espn suspended my account again!!!!
modneonj::I was at the game, and was wondering why Bellinelli is still in the with 2 minutes to go.  He ended up finishing the game. He played 40 minutes!!!! Why not bring it Radmanovic during scrub time?
Alabamian666::http://flapship.com/derrick-rose-to-return-monday-against-nuggets/
mr. triple-double41::i don't think it's coincidence that the warriors aren't good when they wear those costumes that are too ugly to be called uniforms
DBrownDrose::ok rose we won can you come back now?
Oaktown1029::I guess Lacob thinks he's basketball's version of Charlie Finley (A's eccentric owner of the 70's) by attempting to introduce new and innovative things to the game, such as those hideous uniforms - a failed experiment. Why don't we try making the playoffs and go farther than the first round since 1976 - that would be new and innovative.
Jaywashing::Those uniforms wouldn't be so bad if they actually matched. I don't get why the shorts are a different shade and pinstriped.
dejabdub::I want to reiterate something and get some comments. Quit hating Carlos Boozer. When the offense runs through him the team does much better. In fact, I suggest that we ALWAYS run the offense through 'Los, even when Derrick returns. Inside out is the way the Bulls have to play offense. Period. I will also say that besides Blake, Bosh, Faried, and Lamarcus, there is no other power forward currently playing that I would rather have. And Lamarcus is a push. Duncan and KG play center even though they're listed as power forwards. Pau is injured. And yes, I'd take 'Los over Zach, David Lee, Josh Smith, and whoever else is AVAILABLE. None of the power forwards who might be better than Boozer are available and he does what the Bulls need. He passes welll. He can score with not gimmicks. Just dump it down to him, make basketball cuts, and get the f*** out of the way. If we run the offense through him, he produces. Of course he will have some off games, but if he gets 15 shots, he will get you 18 points. He always rebounds. Defensively? He's improved. But offensively, who else can we get to do what he does? David Lee is an allstar and he abused him. He was the only offense in that debacle in Sacramento. He has only missed 4 games in the past 2 seasons. Embrace him because combined with a healthy Taj and Jo, we can beat every team in the East, including Miami
isugrugis::I would much rather have boozer than bosh...
The Human Torch was Denied a BankLoan::thats stupid.
The point center::Rather have dirk
21InARowHaters::^^^ :) ^^^ ^^^ :) ^^^ ^^^ :) ^^^
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::Cool
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::De nada!
21InARowHaters::Thanks!!
kingofdukez::Solid W by the Bulls. On a related note, my eyes hurt from those awful yellow unis
Erica6592::Yes!
Erica6592::kingofdukez - Solid W by the Bulls. On a related note, my eyes hurt from those awful yellow unis  Those unis are not as bad as the *human highlighters* smh THOSE unis are atrocious!
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::Notre Dame? Those were terrible
patmandewb::Bulls will stagger through the rest of the season.....next 5 games look like - L W L W L. I'll keep cheering for them no matter what! Hope they have some room under the salary cap - they need some more firepower! Nothing interesting in the NBA till next year. Heat and Thunder will meet again in the finals and Heat will win in 6 or 7. Yawn............
Erica6592::patmandewb - Bulls will stagger through the rest of the season.....next 5 games look like - L W L W L. I'll keep cheering for them no matter what! Hope they have some room under the salary cap - they need some more firepower! Nothing interesting in the NBA till next year. Heat and Thunder will meet again in the finals and Heat will win in 6 or 7. Yawn............ OK Nostradamus! smh!
chibearsmonsofmidway::Depends if DROSE comes back
duudeitschris::sorry golden state u guys are taking the 8th seed this year. with the way rockets and lakers are playing, its going to happen
loochey03::monday game is changed from CSN+ to CSN , switched with Blackhawks ,possible reason is "the return"?????
chibearsmonsofmidway::i hope!
Erica6592::Nah!
Erica6592::Oh here we go with more predictions for the return of D-Rose. :)
Erica6592::I stopped making predictions about a week ago lol
chibearsmonsofmidway::Truthfully, I think he should start playing now because I think that's the best way for him to get his confidence back. He should pay ten min., gradually increasing game by game. That's my two cents.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good win by CHI... GS can't compete with CHI. Rose is back on Monday!
chibearsmonsofmidway::I hope!
tomcghee::what a pitiful performance by warriors
chibearsmonsofmidway::Yeah, tough loss them. See Red!
knicks_11::u just got trashed according to espn
chibearsmonsofmidway::Actually thrashed, not trashed
AlexSaidThis::Update on the Boozer for Barfbagoroni trade:  Boozer: 21/9/5 Barfbagoroni: injured.
Hunter8077::Winning in Golden St is a rarity, but the Bulls played a complete game and Nate Robinson held Curry without a 3pt FG!!!!!!
randybulls24::i still $@%!$@% hate drose man! fuking !$@%! mufuckas
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::You will love him again when he is back.
Hunter8077::Go kill yourself &amp;$$ WIPE!!
Washyourmouthitsdirty::Why?
Selvin4715::Here we come for you Golden State.
ChiTownNation::I'm increasingly losing respect for Derrick Rose but maybe I was spoiled growing up watching Michael Jordan fight management to play when they wanted him to sit out the season in '85-86 with a broken foot. This is a different generation.
dejabdub::Derrick is doing what is best for him and the organization in the long-term. JR is on record as being 100% in agreement with Derrick's approach to returning. You can lose respect all you want, but you're not paying him. He was cleared to play by the team's docs every time he was injured coming off of an injury last season. The only barometer is, and should be, how he feels. I trust this kid's judgement and understanding of what his body can and can not do. Not being argumentative, but think about it from his perspective. He came back from 4 or 5 injuries last season when the docs "cleared him to play" only to injure some other body part. Let him work his way back and quit criticizing something that none of us know the full story about.
Jaywashing::Incomparable.
zags 79::Or a torn ACL
hawaiianprince12::Boy! Those are really hideous uniforms the Warriors wore tonight?
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::man we stink, its no wonder why ricky rubio was 2 rebounds and 4 steals away from a quadruple-double against the warriors...anyways good luck with the rest of the way chicago.    sigh* :(
Bullsfan200634::Let me correct myself from my last statement that I made earlier. The Bulls are 4 games behind Indiana, not 3.5. But they are still on Indiana's back bumper and it's only a matter of time before Hamilton, Taj, Kirk and Rose come back and win the division title! The game against Golden State was an example of how to play team basketball! Great job, everyone! Go Bulls!
huntingfrogs::the 3 division winners get the top 3 seeds so thats not possible man.
Chi_Town_Everything::The division title is really not important.  The Pacers are playing well and will probably finish as the 2 seed.  I'd rather see the Bulls climb up to that 3 seed.  NY is falling off and ATL and BK aren't really legit threats.  So getting that 3 seed is more realistic than winning  the division.
37stan08::GS state revolt against those game blouses! lookin like the austrailian womens team.
Kobe 11-33 Story::My brain isn't ready. -Rose
JrueRandallHoliday::"Rose has some serious mental issues..."  ~Royce White
riche360::He sure does  - MWP
riche360::He sure does  - MWP
DABEARZ0811::What the heck does not mentally ready to play mean??? Is that like calling in to work because you just don't feel like working that day????
dejabdub::It means that the same docs who "cleared him to play" following 4 or 5 injuries last year did not take the possibility of the subsequent injuries when they cleared him. Now, he's listening to his body and not my colleagues (yes I am a physician). Trust this kid's understanding of what his body can and can not do. He'll be back on the court when his body tells him he can play at a level that he and all of us expect of him. That's what mentally not ready means.
nocioniisgod::$@%! nobody cares that you are a physician
Jaywashing::No, it's like being a franchise centerpiece on a professional basketball team and coming off of a major (and, at least previously, often career-altering) knee surgery.
vonsteve6868::We've all done it. Most of us just don't tell the truth.
Chisouthsidefan::Are  u kidding me.  Just because they won one game he can save the playoff run.  We don't have enough weapons right now.  He would get hurt again trying to Cary the team.
hernon254::Hopefully Rose leaves his WNBA team soon and joins the Bulls
dejabdub::The next time you lose your ability to see or type, think about what that does to your career prospects. That's what an ACL injury means to this kid. He has, as he should have, taken every precaution to ensure that he can do his job long-term.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::hm.. It;s not pleasant to say but Tompson is overrated..
jblickman::I wouldn't say that I just think he has a coach who doesn't coach him up and put him in position to succeed by playing to his strengths. Get a real coach and I think it would be a different scenario. U have to bench a player to get his attention when he's making obvious mistake that hurt the team over and over.
zags 79::When your down and you need some loving, just look at Black women hugging, black women hugging, black women hugging
jblickman::Wow what the heck is up with them deleting every post. I said Jackson the preacher sux as a coach and hope he gets fired for his inability to coach his team or the game itself. He lacks any knowledge of a real head coach hence why the dubs will not make the playoffs and will show Lacob made a huge mistake hiring him with zero experience as a coach on any level. Plz hire a real NBA coach and it would make all the difference period.
ChuckGF::Everyone should stop overreacting, at the start of the season most sane and reasonable Dubs fans just wanted to make the playoffs. It's not like we're going for a ring this season. Get a grip.
Who_is_jimmy_ butler::While i do agree with some of your points, In my opinion the roster is flawed,  Bunch of  shoot 1st, shoot 2nd and  pass 3rd type of players.  Bogut is washed up and David lee is good but will always be undersized.      They have no defensive minded players, they play no defense,  just a bunch of shooters, they cant play in the half court and if there 3 point shots are not falling they are in big  trouble.
jblickman::But it up to the coach to implement the game plan and follow through with it. U can't come down and hoist shots w 20 seconds on the shot clock. They need to pass the ball at least 3 times to get a descent shot not the first available one that they could get anytime. There's no accountability by the coach so they jack up 3 s and 20 footers every game. You get a real coach and I assure u that would not happen on a consistent basis.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::A different tune then us fans were singing before the allstar break huh? Funny how fast things can change
jblickman::Actually I had been saying his rotations suck, he does not hold his players accountable as he always preaches about, and he plays his starters way to many minutes. On top of all that he lacks nba know how like when to call time outs or foul. His obsession with small ball has cost the dubs quite a few losses as well. He needs to play all 3 centers!
Who_is_jimmy_ butler::Seem's like hes a mike D antoni type of coach,  all offense
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Blackhawk and Bulls fans are really a pretty good bunch. They have the love for their teams like the east coast fans but with much less attitude/BS
nbafanatic69::damnit GS, what's with you guys tonight?
LightsGoDownIntheCity::tonight? lol
ChuckGF::how many teams have beat the Clips, Knicks, Heat, Spurs and OKC? Thought so.
zags 79::Lol, everything talking about Friedell got deleted.....moderators!!!
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::bird!!! :)
choate_sedition::Elite players dont score 8 points
jblickman::Where's the accountability that u the preacher always r speaking of but never really do wih the players. U preach the sermen but no one cares cuz it's just hot air with no back up. Ur rotations sux and u play ur starters way to many minutes. When they aren't playing smart or too many turn overs there's no benching  I very much dislike ur coaching and hope u r fired very soon. U r ruining the season and there is no playoffs in the dubs future
jblickman::Well good for u.
jblickman::Cuz were on phones not computers. Mr spellcheck dik. If u don't like it don't read it. Teacher slap rod
FoxKat93::I spell correctly on my phone. You only do that when there is a word limit.
shut the front door please::Why do people type like this? It seems like it actually takes more work to misspell every other word and abbreviate the hell out of everything
DBrownDrose::yah bulls you actually won by double digits im impressed
RIP_LilWayne::remember when everyone wanted to trade deng to get harrison barnes?
zags 79::I think the Bulls are saving Gibson and Kirk for when Derrick returns, so they can all come back together and have a full complimented roster for Derrick to feel comfortable even if in limited minutes. It'll be great to see them fully healthy within the next week!
I81OICU812::Kirk Gibson hit that famous home run in 1988.............
RIP_LilWayne::good assumption but i doubt it...if he doesnt come back by friday of next week, hes not coming back til next year
shut the front door please::Maybe Gibson, but Kirk is just glass waiting to be broken right now.
shut the front door please::Yeah if he's a backup then it's fine. I just hate that he gets injured so often. Idk if it's because he's so brittle, or if he didn't drink enough milk as a kid or he has $@%!$@ trainers or what. It's maddening though.
zags 79::Well I like Kirk so long as he will be playing limited minutes. He'll be a fine backup with backup minutes and he won't get injured. For now it's to let Rose ease into it
shut the front door please::He was doing that before the sore foot, elbow, and the other 15 injuries he's had this season as well, before going down two games later with some other injury. I have very little faith in Kirk's health these days. It will be good to see Gibson back on the floor though.
zags 79::Kirk is walking around and fully participating in all practices as well. This is what the Bulls want
