neuroman::You know the warriors are gonna lose the draw for the 7th pick.
360dubs::From what I understand about ties for the draft lottery, the head to head matchups will be considered first. Coin toss would occur if they had a tie in in head to head matchups. I know this is the system they've always used in youth Bball to AAU. This is a short season and both Nets and Raptors beaten us. So Dubs are actually 7th to the last place and coin toss will not be considered. However, look for Dubs management to propel a few more spots with trades (picks) in event a team or two behind the dubs move up to the top 3. But we have a bit more leverage in negotiations now.
Oaktown1029::Warriors have new GM - why now? Riley should have been demoted a long time ago - as much as this team wants its fan base to believe otherwise, they're in complete dissaray -imo.
WarriorsGO::They wanted to give Myers the year to learn how everything works
HEELTARWARRIOR:::/ Next year, Warriors, Next year. . .
WarriorsWarrior::Thompson was bench for the fourth quarter after scorin16 points...  hahaha! tankcity
Oaktown1029::serious?
Oaktown1029::wow, that's funny. I wish I had been on the board last night.
juno71::yeah he is lol
mathewjordan::6:56 3rd Quarter.  55-49, New Orleans winning. 55-51, Klay Thompson makes driving layup 55-52, Klay Thompson makes free throw 1 of 1 57-54, Klay Thompson makes 19-foot two point shot 57-56, Charles Jenkins makes 21-foot two point shot (Brandon Rush assists) 57-58, Klay Thompson makes 15-foot two point shot (Charles Jenkins assists), Golden State up by 1. 61-60, Mikki Moore makes layup (Jeremy Tyler assists)  0:52 3rd Quarter 61-60, Chris Wright enters the game for Klay Thompson, New Orleans up by 1.  Klay sits entire fourth quarter.
kevinrsx408::funny how confetti came down even tho they lost
marat75::I knew Mexicans would win.
spyderx2::It's going to be fun watching NJ vs TOR on Thursday.  Both teams could set records for lowest shooting percentage and fewest points scored in NBA history.
81WASIV::all the talk about tanking is unbelievably stupid. look at the W's roster. its ridiculous. these players are DLeaguers and rookies!   and they had two 20 pt comeback wins during this stretch. that is the opposite of tanking
jtthebrick14::Why were Rush and Thompson on the bench?  Mark Jackson and the rest of the Warriors management are a bunch of liars that are intentionally trying to lose.  The reason they were playing D League players and rookies is because they had their best players on the bench, and the rest shut down for the season for bogus injuries.
tcrisis::they're tanking. don't be ignorant
kcchen_us::Warriors, great job!
Schindlers Fist -::Warriors tanking frauds
JuMueller::freaking warriors, karma will have them lost the coin flip
scotthomgren1968::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
Joey801bear::Go UTAH JAZZ !!!!!
Utah_Dirtbiker::I bet that was hard for the Warriors getting the score within two points. They had to be worried a win could happen on accident. I hope they still lose their pick on a coin toss and get no reward for losing on purpose.
SB4LlFE::lol at everyone on the W's tanking conspiracies bandwagon
jtthebrick14::They players weren't trying to lose.  Mark Jackson and the management clearly were.  If they actually told the players to lose, they would risk being exposed and penalties from the league.
81WASIV::if they are trying to tank maybe they shouldnt have come back from 21 pts down to win vs the T'Wolves last game. no team trying to lose does that
9erinsider::Many injuries have conspired at the right time to all of our key players.  Somehow even our beast of a center Andres Biedrins has been sidelined.
WarriorsWarrior::team that has something to lose
nascarmike_71::You dont think so explain
juno71::u shud hop on
kevinrsx408::warriors intentionally threw the ball away at the end
kcchen_us::smart plays...
nascarmike_71::they want to keep there draft pick
King Delux FC::Nor Cal, Cen Cal, or So Cal?
WarriorsWarrior::California.
WarriorsWarrior::lol. Gn!
King Delux FC::We'll get a team, eventually.
WarriorsWarrior::Nfl  football
King Delux FC::Nah man, LA all day!
WarriorsWarrior::If were talking about sports. BAYALLDAY
King Delux FC::I know, but some fools in this state hate each other. San Fran/Oakland vs LA Sactown vs LA Most of the people here in Fresno hate LA and are Niners/Giants fans...
nascarmike_71::Another tank by the Warriors just so they can keep there pick from the Jazz
RaptorsJaysGiants::what are your thought on the Kings warrior fans they have a great future u see them being better then u guys next year?
kevinrsx408::warriors future looks much brighter than kings
SB4LlFE::maybe in few years... bad coach in smart... and maybe with new owners... cuz the maloofs are going broke
King Delux FC::And he needs to mature.
RaptorsJaysGiants::Cousins is the truth just needs to have his head on str8
WarriorsWarrior::thumbs down!
King Delux FC::Aren't the Kings gonna relocate after this season ends?
King Delux FC::I live about 2 hours from Sactown. I even know this one rap group called Cway Mafia and some progressive metal band from there. Hopefully, they can keep the Kings.
RaptorsJaysGiants::idk i hope they dont would be sad
Doc Emmett L Brown::Golden State = Loser organization Always has been; always will be.
JuMueller::warriors have made playoffs once in last 17 or so years
juno71::jazz will go downhill; warriors can only go up :)
Utah_Dirtbiker::That's funny you actually think that. The Jazz don't ever tank any game, they made the playoffs and lost their pick to Minnesota in the process. That's kind of why we are annoyed with the pathetic losing going on to keep us from Golden State's pick.
RaptorsJaysGiants::troll
King Delux FC::This guy's a Jazz fan, by the way...just felt like warning y'all.
WarriorsWarrior::LOL warrior fans were cheering  4 N.O. haha!
jtthebrick14::I can't believe Warriors fans hate Jazz fans now because of this.  Golden State has been classless in this whole situation while the Jazz played their butts off and made the playoffs, and lost their lottery pick to Minnesota in the process.  You guys cheer for your own team to lose, then criticize Jazz fans for wanting your team to win.   Unbelievable.
WarriorsWarrior::By the same token shouldnt the warriors be upset that utah fans cheer when the Warriors win on the road after being down 21 in the third quarter! Then accuse the warriors of tanking after losing by two in the final second of the game?
King Delux FC::Now we're gonna be cheering for the Spurs. SAN AN-TON-IO, SAN AN-TON-IO!
Trapped in Golden State::did you go?
Trapped in Golden State::I've wasted my fair share this year too...i want them to lose but hate paying for it...
Trapped in Golden State::sorry for your loss...of your money...lol...not the actual loss...
WarriorsWarrior::Yes! hehe
JimHarbaughDoesItAgain::you happy JZ?
Trapped in Golden State::i'll speak for him..."a little"
King Delux FC::Will Anthony Davis's unibrow be the first bust in NBA history?
RaptorsJaysGiants::No he will be an all star I don't see him as a superstar tho
Trapped in Golden State::The odds of that go up if we get him too...lol...we've got a track record on big men...
King Delux FC::What if they win the last game of the regular season by 30? That would be hilarious.
RaptorsJaysGiants::hard to believe they can be the worst franchise of all time in 2012 lmfao
King Delux FC::He'll be a bust if the Bobcats draft him. That franchise is cursed...
RaptorsJaysGiants::Are the Bobcats legit tanking or they just suck really bad?
WarriorsWarrior::Both
WarriorsWarrior::Robert Myers!!
RaptorsJaysGiants::If the Nets get the #1 pick that's when you know the NBA is rigged.
King Delux FC::No, if the Lakers get it and trade it to the Magic for D12.
King Delux FC::Does it matter who wins between the Nets and Raptors?
SB4LlFE::if we lose coin flip, we'll be 8th spot and have 10% to hit top 3 or if we win coin flip with spot 7, 45% or somewhere around there to keep the pick
9erinsider::1ish
9erinsider::I ran the simulation on espn a few times and the Warriors got top 3 position.
King Delux FC::Percentage?
jtthebrick14::I'd rather see the Nets win it.  They deserve to lose their first round pick to Portland after that awful trade and the less of a chance they have the better.   They gave up 3 lottery picks and Devin Harris just to buy the DWill headache.  Their management is so bad... almost as bad as Golden State's.
RaptorsJaysGiants::Same we deserve a #1 pick :)
SB4LlFE::don't get hopes up tho guys... still can lose it.. depending on coin flip + no one leapfrogging or if we miss top 3
9erinsider::Tank God no!
King Delux FC::Vegas will probably decide the coin flip, too.
360dubs::nope!
Trapped in Golden State::nope...no tie breaker, just a coin flip
RaptorsJaysGiants::i hope the nets destroy us
RaptorsJaysGiants::You can't always be a mediocre team in the NBA just ask the Bucks you have to be either really good or really bad
Trapped in Golden State::what do the bucks know about being really good?...lol
jtthebrick14::Jazz still have roughly a 55% chance of getting the Warriors pick.  Mostly dependent on the coin flip on Friday.
360dubs::And we have a 100% chance of trading our late 1st rounder and second rounders to move up before the lottery.
SB4LlFE::yeah.. that's why they've acquired all those picks... they got someone on their radar
360dubs::I'm outta here! Ohhhhhhhh Yeeeeeeahhhhhhhhh!
juno71::lol jcb193 is a butthurt jazz fan
jcb193::You need to stop using your four accounts to keep liking your own posts
King Delux FC::If MJ is the greatest to ever play the game and he drafted the biggest bust in NBA history (Kwame), and Brown became a GM, does that mean he could potentially draft the next MJ?
360dubs::We can still go for a PF and move Lee to SF. Why not also go for a veteran player as well like shooter Brook Lopez as PF?
RaptorsJaysGiants::They should just gut there roster and rebuild that's the best way to do it
SB4LlFE::lol at people thinking that winning meaningless games will get you anywhere
jcb193::Well, your history of draft picks sure hasn't gotten you anywhere.
SB4LlFE::yeah they made mistakes, etc, but who doesn't? they vindicated themselves by trading ellis for a legit Center
jtthebrick14::What like the 2 worst transactions in the NBA this year?  Using the amnesty clause on a 1 million dollar contract and trading your best player for an injury prone and overrated Bogut.  Lacob was rude to 20 thousand fans and rightfully booed, then they talked about all of their "hard work" to make the team better.
SB4LlFE::old managements would never trade overrated ellis for bogut...
360dubs::yeh, they didn't splurge over 400 millions to be an avg team
SB4LlFE::yup... that was with old managements... good thing new managements are doing things differently now
RaptorsJaysGiants::Warriors should have just done what the Bobcats did and gut there roster for future picks and young players and rebuild
Snakes222::Way to go Oakland Tankers!  What an embarrassment. How do you still sell tickets?
Snakes222::Why would you buy a ticket to watch a team lose on purpose?
SB4LlFE::people come to games for many reasons..
jtthebrick14::Their fans are brainwashed by 3 decades of losing and bad management.  It's not their fault.
jcb193::Commitment to losing mentality for  a #7 pick. Which I'm sure management will nail!
Snakes222::What a moronic comment.  Utah never tanked for DWill.  You are a pathetic loser for believing the idiot that said so.
juno71::^^ still tanked. umadbro?
jcb193::No, we genuinely sucked. That year. Not that decade.
juno71::haha that shut him up
SB4LlFE::they tanked for deron williams.. *yawn*
jtthebrick14::Utah has never tanked.  Never.
King Delux FC::And tell me, smart one, which teams don't tank?
360dubs::Thanks for the compliments! Like King said, "Loyalty."
SB4LlFE::uhh they've been selling tickets for the past 16 years with 1 PO's appearances... what differences if they tanked this year?
Snakes222::Loyalty to what?
King Delux FC::To their team.
Trapped in Golden State::you should try the Kool aid out here...IT"S DELICIOUS!!!!...lol
King Delux FC::Loyalty, something most fan bases don't have.
Mister.k.::warriors &amp; their fans = shameless pieces of s -- h -- i -- t
RaptorsJaysGiants::warriors have great fans
SB4LlFE::since they promoted bob meyers to GM status, hope he works his connections around the league this offseason
360dubs::yes. there is a reason why he's there.
RaptorsJaysGiants::It sucks for you Warrior fans playing in the west coast if you were in the East you woulda been in the playoffs for like the past 5 or 6 years
juno71::yeah dude 2008. Warriors 48-34 no playoffs. Hawks 37-45 umm PLAYOFFS?!
360dubs::it is what it is and we luv our dubs in the bay!
RaptorsJaysGiants::Who do you Warrior fans want in the draft if you get #7?
9erinsider::Sullinger may help.
360dubs::we won't stay at 7. Management can't be that stupid. Would look to trade with New Orleans.
SB4LlFE::royce white.. for the 30th pick
RaptorsJaysGiants::he is the 1 scared to fly lol
Trapped in Golden State::i literally think he is the one that won't fly to road games...
SB4LlFE::i dunno but he's 270 pounds and 6'8...
Trapped in Golden State::isn't royce white the one thats afraid to fly?...lol
Trapped in Golden State::Kendall Marshall...since Steph Curry isn't the point guard of our future...  http://www.trappedingoldenstate.com/2012/04/stephen-curry-not-golden-state-or-san.html
Trapped in Golden State::if he isn't projected that high trade down...
King Delux FC::Royce White.
King Delux FC::I was just kidding about Royce, lmao. I'm not sure, though. It depends on which pick we get.
RaptorsJaysGiants::what about perry jones or lamb?
juno71::Harrison Barnes nikka, but im hoping we get the 2nd pick (MKG)
360dubs::Top 3 would be cool. Don't be surprise they trade up before the lotto.
juno71::HAHAHAHAHAHAHA F.UCK ALL YOU JAZZ FANS THAT WANTED THE WARRIORS TO WIN!
jcb193::Well, as your history shows, you'll surely nail that #7 pick.
jcb193::Impressive gs. Sitting your top three scorers in final minutes. That's why you'll always be losers. Creating a losing mentality to gain a #7 pick
King Delux FC::.
juno71::Yeah, like Charles Jenkins, Chris Wright, Gladness, and Tyler will be on the court with a "losing mentality" a lot next year
SB4LlFE::+1, and honestly, it wont matter if the dubs lose or keep their top 7 pick. they have 3 more picks and have been developing their rookies nicely
RaptorsJaysGiants::Jazz are b.itches seriously I wanted Raps to get Kanter so badly in the draft yet they took him and he barely plays.
jtthebrick14::You guys are criticizing the JAZZ???  The Jazz were in pretty much the same situation as Golden State is, but decided to push for the playoffs and give their pick to Minnesota.  There is a reason the Jazz have made the playoffs 24 of the last 28 years, and Golden State has made the playoffs 2 of the last 26.  The Jazz organization is classy and has standards.   Golden State clearly doesn't.
360dubs::yeah, they were many on this board
RaptorsJaysGiants::Honestly I thought the Warriors were a 30-35 win team this year..
360dubs::now now....we won last game so you can't say we were really tanking, eh?  So let me tell you....We tanked the games. SO WHAT?
jtthebrick14::You WERE a 30-35 win team, then you're crappy management made that terrible trade for Bogut and started intentionally losing games.  There is no justice in the world if Golden State keeps their first round pick this year.
jtthebrick14::You guys were like 3 games out of the 8 seed and decided to mortgage the season and your 2013 draft pick, all for just a CHANCE at keeping your first round pick this year.  It wasn't worth it.  Your team is the laughing stock of the league.  Mark Jackson and Lacob look terrible.  Your fans look terrible.
SB4LlFE::u think the w's were going anywhere or even making the PO's this year without a center?? lol
jtthebrick14::I predict Bogut goes down and Golden State goes into full tank mode again next year.
SB4LlFE::lol injuries from freak accidents... sure.. i guess if you think he'll get one every year
360dubs::Thanks for your prediction Cleo
RaptorsJaysGiants::Bogut is really injury prone and pretty overrated
SB4LlFE::well circumstances changed... get over it... bright future next year with mass capspace in 2 years
SB4LlFE::uhh brighter future with new ownership??
RaptorsJaysGiants::didnt u say a brighter future last year too?
360dubs::yes. Mass Cap is right. Now they can make moves.
DIN41::best example tonight why golden state will always be one of the worst in nba..thugz
360dubs::wait in line bud.
PHILLIES ARE WORLD CHAMPS 2012::I really could have used a half a point more by NO. Too bad GS are professional tankers.
nastorga801::Looks like it's now going to be a coin flip between GS and NJ/Tor for the Jazz to take the Warrior's pick.
BobcatsAreSimplyBest::We are HORNETS!!!!!!!!! MY FRIEEEENDSSSS
fuquajw::does everyone else hate the heat coach?
fuquajw::or am i alone on this one?
lightbulbthinh::it's a great timeout! Warriors and Raiders are going to the playoff next year
lightbulbthinh::mike d'antoni to the Warriors
lightbulbthinh::thats a great idea. I like malone
RaptorsJaysGiants::Why not just promote Mike Malone..
jtthebrick14::D'Antoni isn't a good coach either.  Steve Nash just made him look good in Phoenix.
RaptorsJaysGiants::not with mark jackson as head coach
