oriolesandbrew32::the over was 223... oddsmakers hit that one right on the head
Kpmg allstar::free Jimmer
CaptainClaw777::I'm a p.i.m.p. unh.
BayAreaFan40::i was at the game. more kings fans came out than i thot. u could hear everyone say noooooooooooooo! when klay took the good ahead shotl then yeaaaaaaah! when the shot went in
DOOFY ONE::was more rap fans at the game on mon than i thought there would be too. whatever, pay us for your loss.
jeff050578::Good win for the Dubs considering Sacramento has given them fits in the past.
CrabtreeWasHeld::super ugly game that was hard to watch until last 2 mins...went from potentially devastating loss to "thank god we won this pitiful display"....Bogut looked slow and injured, jack was awful, curry off night....big shot by Klay - Lee + Barnes were solid.  pat patterson was good.
AstroTurfIsGood::Man its nice to beat the valley. Bay Area on top for this one
CamOverRG3::There are a lot of good players in the NBA who don't play good defense,just look at Derrick Rose.
jzalvarado2.0::But hey man you're so convinced that Thompson is a TERRIBLE Defender that its pointless to try and convince you otherwise.  I could understand if your stance was like mine "Wildly Inconsistent" or perhaps "Below Average" but you keep insisting he is David Lee/Andrea Bargnani territory when the stats and Mark jackson's faith in him DON'T support that
Z00B-BUSTER-1::Does anyone else other than myslf get sick and tired of all the Mormon queens begging for Ji.zzer Fraudette to play? Those Mo Mos are sooooooo odd!
rchaser4::I'm just impressed you stopped wanking for long enough to cruise boards of teams and players you hate, mingled with spewing your religious bigotry.   But what do I know, maybe you can type real well with one hand and you've been wanking this whole time.
CamOverRG3::The Warriors best defender is probably Draymond Green
SB4LlFE::brandon rush
SB4LlFE::clearly you don't know anything about the W's, good night.
nihkkah::Oh how good we would be...
CamOverRG3::From his wheelchair?
Ellis_Curry::i see you are the authority on evaluating talent especially when u like cam newton over the guy that lead his team to the playoffs in his rookie season
SteveNashFan.10::Well the Warriors and Rockets play Friday so it's kinda of a win win situation for the Lakers :)
jzalvarado2.0::hey u guys need to worry about Utah.  They've got the tiebreaker and that's really your competition right there if u hope to sneak into the playoffs
SB4LlFE::lakers got gifted today
DOOFY ONE::just no to the 17th. too many would dominate the fakers.
SteveNashFan.10::17th
SFWildcard::Nash has nothing to do with those 16 titles
SteveNashFan.10::Yea, we also got gifted 16 titles
CamOverRG3::At least Thompson isn't as bad as Al Jefferson on defense.......
Maxi Klinger::29 fts to 12fts?
SFWildcard::we overcame a huge deficit and beat the Hornets  lets brag about it  -Lakers fans
CamOverRG3::Both Chris Paul and Rajon Rondo have trouble staying in front of athletic guards on defense and are caught gambling trying to get steals because of it.
CamOverRG3::Hard to believe
Ellis_Curry::klay thompson allows an avg of a 13 PER.... that is a below average PER, this stat is a couple games old, but it was pointed out that thompson is a very underrated defender
jzalvarado2.0::ok man if you are saying Thompson's Defense is Steve Nashesque you lose all credibility there.  Mark jackson usually has Thompson guarding the best 1,2, or 3 to close out games.  If his defense is so bad, then why Not have Barnes in there OR Jack/Curry guarding the other teams best 1
jzalvarado2.0::actually they have decent perimeter defenders.  Jack has always been considered an above average defender.  Greene could guard the 3 if need be.  Bazemore is an excellent defender.  My point is that Thompson is a decent defender.  Can stay in front of his man fairly well, but needs obviously to keep improving on both ends of floor
CamOverRG3::The Warriors don't really have perimeter defenders, Thompson probably has best foot work of those guys but his defensive awareness is hilarious as he gets destroyed off screens and beaten off the dribble on iso plays. Harrison Barnes would be guarding those guys if he didn't compete so many stupid fouls.
jzalvarado2.0::jzalvarado2.0 yeah but you're talking Elite bro.. Avery Bradley, Tony Allen, the kid from San Antonio Kawhi Leonard.. Lebron James. I mean Thompson is NOT terrible on the other end. Is he elite. No.. but he's closer to Paul than he is to Andrea Bargnani David Lee
Lakers4life254::we beat the timberwolves, raptors and kings lets brag about it -Warrior fans
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::We will see if the Lamers can even show up on Friday. We all know what happened last time we played.
thomascedill::I bet when Kobe retires, this guy will bandwagon onto LeBron's hairline.
SB4LlFE::how about the clippers, thunder, heat, spurs
mrkennedy23::We're a .500 team, let's brag about being elite.  -Laker fans
jzalvarado2.0::And the Heat and Spurs.. how'd you guys fare against those two?
SFWildcard::The Kings are underperforming team , they have better pieces than the Warriors in my opinion
gw687::The Kings have raw talent, but no coaching and no semblance of any sense in the way the roster is constructed.  On the other hand the warriors have put together a collection of players who do what they need to do really well and they have a coach who believes in a a philosophy that works for them.  Curry is a good scoring PG but average passer so they added a SG in Thompson who can handle and pass decently.  This gives them a double combo guard backcourt (essentially) and they make up for each others weaknesses.  They have an elite post player in Lee, a good wing/cutter in Barnes, and a decent bench.  The Kings have no such reason or logic, just a collection of "lost" players without a compass.
mrkennedy23::Sac's whole bench&lt; (maybe = )) Jarrett Jack alone.
nurein::how's that working for you?
jzalvarado2.0::I disagree with you man.  I don't think their 'pieces' are remotely close to what the Dubs have
Das Ravenator::they aint got Curry, plus bad owner.
CamOverRG3::Thompson's on ball defense ............ kind of makes me want to turn off my television.
CamOverRG3::Paul is a good defender, but not great. Thompson is not good, not even close and his defense is Steve Nashesque
CamOverRG3::Paul isn't really a great defender, just like Rondo, both are good at pick pocketing anyone dribbling the ball,doesn't make them great defenders. Want to see a great defender? Turn on a Celtic game and watch Avery Bradley.
jzalvarado2.0::yeah but you're talking Elite bro.. Avery Bradley, Tony Allen, the kid from San Antonio Kawhi Leonard.. Lebron James.  I mean Thompson is NOT terrible on the other end.  Is he elite.  No.. but he's closer to Paul than he is to Andrea Bargnani David Lee
jzalvarado2.0::funny cause you could have said the same thing about Chris Paul as Monta Ellis was eating him alive tonight.  Yet Paul is considered a great defender.  Matchups my friend.. Matchups
Das Ravenator::So, HOU, UTAH lose...
Hawaiian Raiders::Lakers win, they lose...looking good..we will see if the Lakers can win 14 of the last games left, and also who will chokes, could be them or four other teams..look to see who plays more at hm and on the Road...
Z00B-BUSTER-1::Who cheers for BYU? Any normal person?
Hawaiian Raiders::Joesph Smith is a guy who said hewas given the keys to heaven???throwing out Jesus unda the bus..WTH
Z00B-BUSTER-1::JoePa Smith was a kiddie lover and a complete crook!
Hawaiian Raiders::Not all the time...
Z00B-BUSTER-1::Utah owns BYU in football AGAIN! Also, UH and Utah have played in BCS bowls.......BYU hasn't even sniffed a BCS bowl......they sniff their own farts is all.
byueagles::BYU is better than Hawaii and Utah in Sports and Academics
Z00B-BUSTER-1::BS! BWAHAHAHAHA! BYU is a joke of a school. Anthropology class at BYU consists of Adam and Eve as the beginning.
Jay Show::na but i do like jimmer
Hawaiian Raiders::Yeah
Hawaiian Raiders::I remember going to a game and ty Detmer won the Heisman..we kicked them back to Utah...with the tails between their legs...
Markiemormon::Visiting teams are on vacation while visiting the island, football is the last thing on their mind and why high schools beat  Hawaii when they visit the mainland..
Z00B-BUSTER-1::I played golf for UH in the early 80s!
tman8010::Wow...where are all those Laker trolls?
Hawaiian Raiders::I used to go to watch GSW all the time..when i moved to Hawaii, well all we got is HPU and UH...I became a fan of the NBA with a ball in my hand...So yeah i like the Lakers also other player on Opp teams....no haten here
thomascedill::They are still at the bottom where they belong.
Lakers4life254::The power house kings and raptors. Wow you guys really suck.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Just won by 30 brah.
Hawaiian Raiders::Right here...
Joe Raygor::How was Harrison Barnes tonight?
Das Ravenator::Warriors fans... I don't know how long the distance will be, BUT... do you think moving will result in less fan enthusiasm?   because I think Oakland fans look really really exciting.
RBush21B::And some D-Bags go to the Lakers
jzalvarado2.0::same could be said for Candlestick moving to Santa Clara
jlockwood1125::no because the Warriors aren't just Oakland's team, it's the Bay Area's team
RBush21B::Not fully true. Warriors is like 80% bay, the rest go to the kings
jzalvarado2.0::If Seattle should take any team, it should be the Bucks.. Milwaukee is a meh basketball town. the bradley center is old and their lease is year to year.   Seattle would be perfect and we'd have one more team on the west coast
Jay Show::they are the new LA dude!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Don't you dare take the Bucks away from the East!!!
mrkennedy23::Why not the Clippers?  LA does not need two teams.
jzalvarado2.0::Anaheim would take them WAY BEFORE Seattle would have an opportunity.  Staples Center was created with two teams in mind (Costs)
byueagles::If Jimmer ever gets out of Sacramento he will finally show the league how good he really is #freejimmer
Z00B-BUSTER-1::U zoobs are pathetic.
Das Ravenator::I saw Kings, Warriors and Seattle Super Sonics fans in that arena lol.
duudeitschris::ok maybe its their logo, but for some reason i always thought the warriors played in SF...  the golden gate bridge pic is a little misleading...
duudeitschris::oops my mistake i stand corrected =)
jzalvarado2.0::Bay Bridge
jzalvarado2.0::without the 2nd level ;)
mrkennedy23::They are moving to SF soon.
jwhite650::They'll be in SF soon
Probation_Boy::klay thompson is very underrated as well
Marlayallday::Klay's got real potential but he is extremely raw and still makes a lot of mistakes
CamOverRG3::26-27 ppg means he needs to develop shots near the rim to go along with that great shooting, i've seen Kevin Martin average those type of scoring numbers, he can too.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::No freaking way he ever averages 26-27. Good on you for having faith in your guys but Jesus that is never going to happen.
CamOverRG3::He's easily got the worst on ball defense of any starting Shooting Guard in the NBA.
SB4LlFE::no... just no
CamOverRG3::Not really, highly regarded shooter around the NBA. If he develops a floater or a running type shot near the basket he could average 26-27 ppg in a season. But let me tell you something ...... he is a TERRIBLE perimeter defender, one of the worst in the NBA.
jzalvarado2.0::not a poor defender, but just like Barnes.. wildly inconsistent. But when he's ON defensively, he is very good
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::26-27 PPG? So he would be up there with Kobe and LeBron and Melo??? Pass your stuff man I want to take a hit!!!!
SB4LlFE::he's not a poor defender... lately the coach had him defending opposing team's PG because of his length
mrkennedy23::It's really hard to debate this considering how well crappy-shooting teams are shooting really well against us.
Probation_Boy::i feel like his numbers speak for themself
mrkennedy23::Sometimes he makes the stupidest plays, but I guess that comes with being young.
Hawkins694life::i jerked off for 4 hours without stopping man felt great i love my math teacher and baby oil
Hawkins694life::best $@%! ever man im still shakin
jzalvarado2.0::4 hours!!?  with stamina like that you should be able to bag her.  Did you at least Facebook Friend her?
Hawkins694life::no lol but i cant expres how good it felt
jzalvarado2.0::I like Grant Napier.. used to catch his show when I was living in Stockton.  I miss sports in the Greater Bay Area Sacramento region.  All they talk about here in Lexington, KY is Kentucky Basketball EVEN during the summer and fall
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::DURRRR they TALK ABOUT KENTUCKY BASKETBALL 24/7 IN LEXINGTON!!??? WHI WOULDA THUNK?!!?'cnc
Hawaiian Raiders::Most went under here....221 is allot of points
Hawaiian Raiders::But you never know with the non defense teams like this...
thomascedill::WOW, what a shot! GO WARRIORS!
Eric Forman.::Good game Warriors fans...thought the Kings had it for a sec.
Luxor922::Nice shot by Thompson. Good win Warriors
Oaktown1029::hous lost, utah lost, end of the day, nice win.
byueagles::Coach Smart is stupid not to play Jimmer.
Jay Show::If only we were the coaches haha
espnsownchet::keith smarts dumb $@% doesnt have time to develop players.. he's gone asap... unfortunately smart is too stupid to realize that jimmer is better than the garbage he's playing right now
Z00B-BUSTER-1::The zoobs miss their J.izzer.
SB4LlFE::Mark Jackson &gt; Keith Dumb .. for actually developing klay
byueagles::His D has improved a lot from last season. Plus he is better on D than Isaiah Thomas. Thomas is too short to cover anyone.
Z00B-BUSTER-1::Fraudette is awful! No D!
byueagles::I know. Jimmer has shown he has improved a lot from last season he just doesn't get the playing time to develop
Jay Show::ya i dont get it
dudemanbrohella::Keith smart's middle name is not
Chargersfan4life005::1st time that the kings and warriors both scored under 90 in a game, not the typical game between these teams
mrkennedy23::This was hard to watch.  The defense for both teams wasn't that great, it was just unforced turnovers.
Chargersfan4life005::yep
dudemanbrohella::Yeah it was a weird game
Chargersfan4life005::close game, but ugly offense
zach rutherglen::Warm up the bus kings head back to Sac
Kuddish::Under was clearly fixed!!  How do you have a 225 over/under and you can't even combine for 180 points? Something shady about this game
Z00B-BUSTER-1::T
Hawaiian Raiders::I think over LAC under SAC....but i gave it all back SH
jzalvarado2.0::how about the people that had the Under.  U think they feel the same way that you do (But several hundred dollars richer)
Kuddish::I had under 114 in the first half....I just see a game that was clearly fixed. By the players. Neither team was trying and neither team was running. When do you all of a sudden change your style of play when the season is coming to an end?
szabo062396::Kay
CamOverRG3::Klay Thompson always burns the Kings
Hawaiian Raiders::TY SAC for the +8SH Juice....my stomach hurt from all the Bucks bricks in the 4thQ...9 point away from something almost better than sex...almost never will be....but "you know"
Smoove Rocket::honestly, how in the world is john salmons still even in the league?  he's the worst player in basketball.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ummmm Andrea Bargnani I assure you is MUCH worse.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Since when? 4 of his last 6 games no points on 0-16 shooting avg 21 kinutes
Smoove Rocket::andrea can actually score, so no
jzalvarado2.0::Good Job Steph.. Ill take 8 or more assists on a bad shooting night from you.
Probation_Boy::dont even want to look at the boxscore, got the dub tho.. DUBSSSS AHAHHAA!!!!
Wayz112::WARRIORS SUCK THEY ARE LIKE A JEWISH VERSION OF THE THUNDER
dudemanbrohella::Does that make them better than the thunder? Idk what that means
jahlove1261::Man, I hope the Dubs show up better for the Rockets.
CamOverRG3::If Harden is Harden it'll be hard for Warriors to stay close seeing as how he shot terrible last time they played in Oakland and still won by double digits.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::The question is: do they screw up and just call them the Sonics or do they do it up right and make sure it is the SUPERsonics
ESPN Alwayz Bannin A Goon::48205 bi.tches
