coreyants::http://www.tengaged.com/user/coreyants
coreyants::http://www.tengaged.com/user/coreyants
coreyants::http://us10.chatzy.com/23738760706385
el_dude00::It find it hilarious that the team with the best record could go into the playoffs as an underdog.
Foghorn HookemHorns::MVP race:  LeBron vs. Parker  For those paying attention anyway.
hookemzuniga1022::Lakers fans... "Spurs fans living in the past havent won a title since 07" follow that up with "we have the second most titles and most finals appearances in the history of the NBA"  .... Ummm Pot... Kettle both Black,,,
hookemzuniga1022::Basically Saying you cant have it both ways! OK.. Quit Crying "they live in the past and arent relevant (even though we have The NBAs best record) then say we have the most banners in history. And on that note if you think the past is so irrelevant then tell your teams to quit hanging banners.. because all a BANNER does is remind you of how relevant you used to be in the past... and how your 25-29 now doesnt mean Jack!!
hookemzuniga1022::Keep Hating the Most Succesfull US sports Franchise of the last 20 Years. Keep Hating. We are ok with it. The numbers dont lie. Best Winning Percentage 2nd most titles. Most Division titles. 4-0 when it matters most in the Finals. only 1 losing season in 20 years. 50+ wins and at least a 60% winning percentage 15 years in a row...   #PeopleHateGreatness #KeepHatingTheSpurs #AmericasPremierFranchise
hookemzuniga1022::Another Mediorce 30-11 with 50 percent shooting for parker... I wish he was as good as Stephanie Curry and Christina Paul.... O well....   #sarcasam
Spursfan92120::CP is the most overrated pg in the league next to Dwill
mikey3941::spurs fans, send all your hate mail to the following:  http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/slam_dunk_on_u#/fans/slam_dunk_on_u/discussion
masongates87::Another "loss" prediction by Slam, another SPURS win! keep it up big guy, 15 out of 16 is a pretty damn good track record.
DalvinSplit::Spurs are Elite team ,and with luck to stay healthy . the end of regular season &amp; playoffs  Spurs will finish on the top of the mountain .
onlyavoice57::The OLD Spurs Will Not Go Anywhere In The Playoffs
Nerissa2525::Love it this haters they sound pathetic and threaten by the SPurs
BOBBO409::You are right, but these NEW Spurs will beat the $@%! out of whatever lame team you like
Strike 1 yer OUT::this Dunk guy totally owns you Spurs fans on here... so funny. all you care about is what he's typing about your boring asssssss team
masongates87::It's kinda commical really. I almost look forward to checking the boards the morning after another SPURS win and see what kind of crap he's talking today.
MijoMartinez::Totally
BOBBO409::Slam has been a troll on here for years. His nonsensical comments are not new to most of us. We have tried ignoring him but he still doesnt go away so we just embrace the idiocracy
slam_dunk_on_u::Sean Elliott skipped the broadcasting gig in Sacramento last night, would it be that he was afraid of Damarcus Cousins?  LOL
Nerissa2525::Hahaha Cousins attacks everybody he is a loser just like you
Nerissa2525::LAme
BOBBO409::I think it was mostly b/c of Cousins...It would have been a distraction..groin was lame excuse...I missed the Sean-isms though
AustinBeal::He pulled his groin in the celebrity game. If that's all you have to say then I guess the Spurs are doing pretty good
Strike 1 yer OUT::PULLED HIS GROIN IN THE CELEBRITY GAME?!!  HAHAHA
nba is the worst::Cousins attacks broadcasters?
slam_dunk_on_u::Im surprised to see the spurts on the front page of ESPN, they are usually ignored....well they are going back to the dark after the next 3 games and I can guarantee it!
Tha Gleeps::If they are so irrelevant..why are you here clown?
Nerissa2525::One thing is guarantee that Lakers wont make the playoff
Nerissa2525::hahahaha you guarantee hahaha i heard the before
BOBBO409::I think Slam is really a Spurs fan and he realized that whenever he guarantees a loss, they win...He is superstitious and thats why he keeps doing it. Keep it up buddy, 15 out of 16 is pretty damn good...
oicurak9::You've luck betting against the Spurs has been pretty bad all season.  So I take this as a good sign.
nba is the worst::15 of 16.  No reason to trade, not enough time to get the chemistry if you add someone now
Trace2010::No.  Need rebounding.  Badly.
Nervous Wreck After That Day::Tony Parker is a LEGIT MVP candidate this year...He is shooting .533% from the field this year (Career high) and putting up some incredible numbers...If he finishes the season strong and the Spurs keep that number seed I don't see any reason why he doesn't win MVP. Yes I know Lebron is going off on the league but surviving in the West is no easy task.
knoxsouthy01::You think bron could actually guard parker?  Now that is funny.
Mambaholic 33::Over Lebron? BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA   If you want a good laugh just put their #'s along side each other...Than through in defense
kderrick21::Can't compare their numbers too much considering they're 2 different positions and the obvious size advantage Lebron has. But his numbers are very formidable, and probably playing better than any other PG in the league. Realistically, he should finish 3rd if he continues his strong play
ThunderHornz::The outcome was as I expected- looks like Kings tried to make it interesting. Too little too late? It looks like Sacramento is fighting to keep the team-good luck! Good health all.
ginblossoms1972::Using a bet system the past couple months called sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3k a month profits the past couple of months using this systems picks. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this system at work
howdytherrr::just fade Slam's picks
ginblossoms1972::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching for Sports Betting Systems. This system works and will make you money. Hope this helps a bettor out there not having much luck.
Hank10593::Not even a Spurs fan, but Tony Parker is having a MVP season. It's tough to have better numbers than Lebron's, but Tony Parker should be one of the top 3 MVP candidates.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Parker also has 3 times the rings and the same number of Finals MVPs as LeBron.  Parker has been getting it done for a while now.
NOVABuffalo::What's funny is some "in-the-know" fans don't include him in the elite status.  Just got to make one wonder.
NOVABuffalo::Parker clearly deserved all-star status.  idk what folks are thinking, he is doing great stuff at the guard position.
mkwan0::A lot of fans and writers thought that Curry should have been an allstar instead of Parker
IAMpunter0926::agreed TP hugely under rated player him and CP3 are MVP candidates for sure
HOUSTON12372::slam_dunk_on_u is a SPURS HATER
Nerissa2525::Well he is a Lakers fan there nothing to love about the Lakers so he is venting about the spurs
bnair14::Hey Slam, does Kobe use your ears for handles when he uh heads into the locker room after a tough day at the office brick laying?
bnair14::Slam where u go son?
bnair14::hope you making yo mamma proud and cutting them ears off
manoocena::Being hated is a sign of greatness guys. It is hard for other people to comprehend how amazing it is to be a Spurs fan. I mean we get criticized for having the best record in the NBA lol that's so high quality expectations right there lol.
bnair14::I love the haters it makes the board interesting...only thing I wish for, is Slam to take his ugly prof pic down.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::teams that move the ball and protect the paint give the heat problems ie: knicks pacers bulls spurs
Issue Incorporated::John Salmons is getting paid 8 million this season, to score 6 points? The guy is stealing money from the NBA!!
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::not sure if the spurs have another gear when it comes to playoff time but if they end up playing the heat in the finals i give them every chance of beating them
Bob Rizzi::there are some real dumb people on these boards, especially those that think doing the same thing year after year wont lead to the same result ..... ie spurs ending ringless
Nerissa2525::Hahahaha sound of a threaten fans hahaha
bnair14::I agree with Rizzi obvi having the best reg season record means little. But we are def not the same team from last yr. Guys like Leonard, Splitter and Green are much improved this yr.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::there is no doubt that the spurs are improved on last year
KJGood27::Who do you root for then? The heat? And slam.... Smh at you
bnair14::I am confused, what are we doing year after year that bothers you?
bnair14::God Slam get your ugly face out of this discussion. Go cut your ears off while the big boys talk.
slam_dunk_on_u::True...same will happen this year...everyone knows it the media doesnt even pay attention anymore....
Nerissa2525::Cause Media pay more to Losers like the Lakers hahaha but still it will not change the path of the SPurs they will make the playoff the Lakers wont
bnair14::Derp Slam Derp
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Check out this INCREDIBLY stupid comment I just responded to on here: http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=400278527
Bob Rizzi::Spurs regular season champs  post season chumps
kderrick21::The last time the spurs were top 5 in offense and defense was back in 2007. Guess how that year ended. The defense and continued growth of their young guns will be the difference this year I believe.
Dennus the Mennus::If some other team were a conference finalist last season and 43-12 this season ... etc etc.  Maybe the "chump" comment came from $tern in disguise.
KJGood27::Pop is overrated? You know nothing about basketball
Bob Rizzi::all i am saying is you all go on about their regular season record, but forget that come playoffs it means nothing, and has proven to mean nothing   Popovich is overated, he needs to top himself
Tha Gleeps::Every post makes you look even more like an idiot. Impressive
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts will never win a title ever again in their lifetimes...  they are proven chokers nothing else
bnair14::Slam you so ugly son
KJGood27::Really? Chokers? 4-0 in finals doesn't seem like choking to me....
manoocena::ok so by your account every team but the Heat and the Thunder are a failure? lol wow you must be a butt-hurt Kings fan who haven't done anything like EVER? LOL
Bob Rizzi::you are all proving my point  like last year smashed the regular season, 43-12 this year too, alas they wont win a ring and that is the whole point no?
SteelersSpursDodgers::so if they won fewer regular season games, that would improve their chances in the post-season? do you hear the absurdity in what you're saying?
bnair14::Are you with Slam? Or are you Slam, i wouldnt be surprised if this loser spends his life trolling this board.
Bob Rizzi::living in the past i see, lets just talk about this season and ill include the last one too  post season is what counts, they will be found wanting again
Nerissa2525::Bob Rizzi - living in the past i see, lets just talk about this season and ill include the last one too  post season is what counts, they will be found wanting again  You sound so threaten by the Spurs
KatelynFabersLawyer211::"lets just talk about this season"  Umm. okay... 43-12.
Hollerationatory::Ya, the past is what someone would generally use to ascertain whether they're effective in the post-season or not. Think of that, smart guy.
Hollerationatory::27-11 in post season series since the Duncan era. 4 rings. WCF just last year.   I hear there's a special class with juice breaks and nap time for kids like you.
KJGood27::4 rings says otherwise
Hollerationatory::"spurts" ?  With a name as clever as "slam_dunk_on_u" I expected way more creativity....really disappointed by the lack of genius.
bnair14::plz slam dunk fewl, do us all a favor and eliminate your ears.
okc_gambler::Michigan State will beat soft *ss Spurs
bnair14::god your so hideous bro
bnair14::Hey look slams ugly face
slam_dunk_on_u::yup
Nerissa2525::Hahaha if spurs is soft what do you call the Lakers???? Most of the nba cant even win against the spurs
bnair14::derp
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts survive yet another close game agaisnt a subpar team.  Well, I hope you enjoyed it while it lasted because your luck just ran out and the Clippers will demolish your overrated team.  Losing streak coming up boyz.  @ LA Clippers ....LOSS @ Warriors....LOSS @Suns....LOSS  Once overrated.....ALWAYS OVERRATED!
Nerissa2525::Overrated hahaha what do you call the Lakers hahaha after all hype lakers won't even make the playoff idiot
Nerissa2525::Overrated ? No other team is more overrated than the Lakers and look at them now hahahaha what an idiot
Nerissa2525::Is that another prediction hahahaha lame
bnair14::How does slam remove a rubba after some one on one with kobe? He farts
howdytherrr::slam dunk's hairline...LOSS
5ammy5ammy5ammy::What's up, homey?
KatelynFabersLawyer211::The Spurs are 43-and-15 in their last 58 road games.  The Laker$ are 25-and-41 in their last 66 road games.  Yeah, the Laker$ are kind of a HUGE joke.
bnair14::God slam you are so ugly
slam_dunk_on_u::shutup tramp
Nerissa2525::Lakers are the biggest joke of the NBA...biggest stat most drama in the session hahaha
bnair14::Those ears are so big and disgusting
5ammy5ammy5ammy::If any of you guys want a laugh, check out the BOS-LAL board, here: http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=400278527  Check out the newest comment. Keep in mind, I haven't posted there since sometime this afternoon.... hours ago.
Prometheus Guns::OKC's new name is the Oklahoma City Hicks. Look at their fat masked guy under the goal
okc_gambler::OKC&gt; CLIPPERS&gt; LAKERS&gt; MEMPHIS&gt; HOUSTON&gt; WARRIORS&gt; SPURS
hooked4life14::Legally changes name to World Peace......  Throws deadly intentional elbow at someone.....
Prometheus Guns::OKC fans finally come out of the shadows after their recent loses on a Spurs Kings board. YOU WILL NEVER WIN IT ALL AS LONG AS THE HEAT DOMINATE THE EAST!!! Spurs JV had them IN MIAMI!!! OKC can't match the Heat, but the Spurs can. Heat beat the Hicks\Thunder 6 straight times.
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Say, are any of you guys keeping up with 'The Walking Dead?' Just in case you haven't been keeping up, they're playing Boston tomorrow night.
RespectForTex::I heard that show was actually pretty good though
AustinBeal::thanks, i'll DVR it
THEMVIKINGZ::Nice coming to a loser conversation to STILL hear about how great the Lakers are hated.   Thanks for the props!
Hollerationatory::Los Angeles fans/residents casting stones and calling people 'losers'. Have they invented irony over there yet?
incredibeau::no hate here, just truth and facts
howdytherrr::lol lakers
AustinBeal::you're taking props for sucking? whatever then lol
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Yes, they're hated really great.  You're welcome for the great hate. Thanks in return for having such a horrible team.
hooked4life14::You're welcome! :)
Chargersfan4life just wants to talk about basketball::lakers boards are loser conversations
hooked4life14::SUCKS
hooked4life14::C
hooked4life14::K
KatelynFabersLawyer211::I don't know guys; it really bugs me that our team isn't exciting because it doesn't feature a brick-chucking serial-rapist as the star of the team.   Oh, how can we continue to watch?
hooked4life14::O
THEMVIKINGZ::Spurs and San Antonio... most BORING team and city in the NBA.
HookemHorns1957::So, when is the baby due?
Prometheus Guns::Sac-Town is so boring that TEAMS ARE LEAVING!!!!!
AustinBeal::I love San Antonio, best city to live in.
howdytherrr::are you jim morrison?
5ammy5ammy5ammy::It's true. There's nary a methodone clinic to be found. It must seem like a barren wasteland for you L.A. chicks.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::25-29.
hooked4life14::Button your shirt. Ew.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Did OKC build Joey Crawford a statue yet for his game 6 masterpiece in the WCF last year?
Disney Is Run By Nazis::Did you see that monkey dance he was doing the other day?
Hollerationatory::Right after the one they build for Harden and his flopping masterpiece/battle with invisible landmines.
howdytherrr::never mention that series again
BABY IGGY..TOO MUCH BROWSERS BRUH::Go Clippers!!!! -Laker "fans"
