Dezagcoog::Durant and Co. barely make playoffs and get bounced in first round. Out of desperation Presti trades Durant to Rockets for Parsons and a couple of first round picks. Rockets win championship the very next year....
Gods illa::Lol
Gods illa::Be thankful u got harden
rex_coach::I seem to have forgotten how many assists Kevin Martin had on last night...
NguyenDragon::He only knows how to shoot...
Gods illa::Hopefully we can bring the best out in him .. Lamb as well
TomWilRest::That awkward moment when Westbrook has as many rebounds as fg made.
NguyenDragon::OKC traded the wrong guy... Morey would have given up more for Westbrook...
Dezagcoog::No he wouldn't. He had wanted Harden for a while.
Gods illa::Westbrook wants to be here though
Carbon-based::No josh and loss not good
kerosini::Did anyone else notice Ibaka made more shots than Westbrook in half as many attempts? lol.
Gods illa::Ibaka was top 5 fg%  last year I believe ..top definitely
Carbon-based::And k perk was a sleep in the other room lol
rex_coach::lol
ATSJOSHATS::http://sports.yahoo.com/sportsminute
ATSJOSHATS::COme on Durant
MJ__The ___GREATEST::I think Thunder is finished as NBA Title contender, they will make playoffs but do nothing spectacular, second round exit waiting for them
Gods illa::No way it opened when Westbrook and durant became who they are .. We can and will still be great .. But with harden we had a chance to be once in a lifetime all time great ..
NguyenDragon::The championship window was closed with Harden gone...
Gods illa::No way man after 82 games plus playoff games we will be able to show up and out energy an ability people still .. I think our chances decreased tho so maybe Ur right
rex_coach::Who else on here thinks Ibaka is an "ELITE" big man?
Gods illa::He's an elite defender tho that was my point and he is pretty athletic for a big man as well  .. It would be hard to replace him with someone just as good and not better
EuropeDude1981::he's been terrible for a max contract guy. Thabeet could replace him the way he's playing now.
Rambomonster9::not I
wr8411::...And this is why I don't going to espn for the highlights. I mean why would you start it off in the 3rd quarter. Some much stuff was left out like Durant getting dunked on by PG Jeff Teague.
EuropeDude1981::true, game highlights on espn are completely redundant.On any given game they'll forget to show crucial baskets, injuries to role players, player X bringing the goods off the bench. Its just a few quick dunks and random jumpers, no info about the game at all
dychen::Durant in 3 games 20 assists, 16 turnovers.  Here is your issue when Harden left.  While Harden didn't average a lot of assists in OKC he did bring the ball up a lot.  Without him you are asking Westbrook and Durant to do more and it'll result in turnovers all over the place.  Harden made the smart decision in the "team" game.
Gods illa::Guys we are fine .. We just lost a family member it will take time for us to adjust ..  We are 1-2 barely a week after harden gets trade .. And we are so young it will be harder for us to adjust then say a Kobe or lebron veteran type
Yungdubz27::Durant will be playing better then Lebron this year IF they get a pass first PG in their system....25+ ppg and 10rbg will get him the MVP...but not if they're losing games.
iammyfatherson::blame westbrook for durant trying to play like lebron
ceburch151::lotta  hate. durant can definitely win in okc, trust in presti he will get it done. how can people possibly say Durant can't win a title in OKC?
EuropeDude1981::They still have a shot, but after the trade itheir odds went from 35% to 10%. not refering to vegas, just imo
iammyfatherson::nobody is hating u just pointing to the fact that your team dont have a PG.. like last night durant has to play like lebron something that result in a loss and him turning the ball over.. when dude is averaging 30 and getting the ball where he wants u guys are hard to beat
Gods illa::And we do have point guard sir ..  And it ain't about assists or how many shots he takes its about the senseless mistakes he can make possession after possession some nights .. He does away wit that we are straight we have plenty of guys that create their own shot so we don't need somebody to be a traditional pg we need what we have  An Russ is an elite PG ... Even with all these mistakes he makes he is elite... But he was a late bloomer ability wise and not familar wit the pg position..Wait till he matures an learns the game better it will be great
Gods illa::Durant doesnt have to play like lebron he's not even trying to .. All those assists are just the way the mop flopped
EuropeDude1981::ibaka is certainly not earning his max money like harden is doing in houston
rex_coach::Eddie Curry has a ring...
ceburch151::eddie curry played for the league minimum with the heat so the big three could coexist with their salaries on that team
rex_coach::ELITE?  You can't be throwing that around so loosely.  How many all-star games has this ELITE big man made?
Gods illa::No Ur right Rex ..  But ibaka is an elite defender and in this day and age for what other big men are doing ibaka fits in our system well...and most big men in NBA aren't all-time elite great like the guards and forwards we see now ..
Gods illa::It's harder to find a big man like ibaka that can do what we need him to do than it is to fid a guard like harden he can do what we needed him to do .. Elite big men are fewer and farther in between
Gods illa::Yea it was very stupid .. Especialy to let em walk days before we opened the season after a season of making our first finals appearance .. But i Dnt think we literally let em walk .. I think he knew what we were paying and he knew what houston is paying so he made his choice   @Europe he is doing exactly what we need him to do that's why he's getting paid .. An he is young as well he will come around
EuropeDude1981::He's not doing what they counted on him to do
iammyfatherson::there u go, still a dumb move to let harden walk
iammyfatherson::since when did ibaka turn into a scorer that dude can give u a double-double anight thats about it.. they kept him because of his energy , his defence
Yungdubz27::Ibaka grabs 10 rebounds?
Rambomonster9::Hi idiots! its me again.  Guess who leads the NBA in turnovers??? ill give you a couple hints.  He is not a PG and he plays for the Thunder.  who is it?
Rambomonster9::Kevin Durant....most turnovers in the league.  Sloppiest player.  Mr. Butterfingers himself
iammyfatherson::dude is havin an identity crisis right.. i dont get it u are the best scorer in the league but u trying to play like lebron james.. and the result is a loss.. but  i get u dont have a PG so i guess he wants to take the PG role on that team
Rambomonster9::Thunder love to blame R.W. but there is someone else
Rambomonster9::plays 8 more minutes per game than lebron but still scores less....give up?
canigetaRT::Westbrick strikes again
Yungdubz27::"Uh Hello Boston? Are you guys interested in Russell Westbrook?"  - Sam Presti
FlyersFansRule::3 games in and people are calling for Durant to jump ship, get off the bandwagon if you can't take 2 losses in 3 games.
rex_coach::No worries, they are jumping into the "Red" River as we speak...
mclarson123::Hardin playing good ball at HTOWN Rockets...OKC westbrook sucks.
Bamm7272::OKC falls into irrelevance very quickly.  Watch Durant jump ship as soon as he can.
giucco::Its not over till the fat lady sings....OKC can still make it to the finals.....Hopefully....
rex_coach::Durant will be a FOOL to resign with OKC...
rex_coach::Kevin Martin set the OKC mark for assists.  ZERO
Gods illa::Did we win ?  We just came from finals after 2 consecutive playoff appearances ..
1PKr::I don't know. 8-11, 6-8 from down town and I don't care if he passes or not.
rex_coach::Did they win? Yes or No?  Continue to NOT care... lol
torrtis::A spot up shooter doing good work, stop hating. And I am a Rockets fan.
rex_coach::Even a spot up shooter can pass the ball.  Ray Allen does it.  Learn the game clown before you show disrespect in my area.  Called being a COMPLETE player.  Plus IDGAF who you are a fan of.  Ya dig?
atlfan65::This atlanta hawks team is full of shooters,a few rebounders,and a coach who is a better assistant than he is a head coach.. This team was put together by Danny Ferry.. He is not a genious to me but this hawks team unlike others in the past have been in every game..Yes i  know we only played 2..But last years team with Joe Johnson would have been blown out last night..On the road too?? We would have got our butts kicked..
HeatManZE.....::wow anybody see the jeff teague dunk on durant?...get up son!
stephent996::Trust me, ESPN will never show that highlight. They will protect their golden boy Durant at all costs. $@%! ESPN...they hate the Hawks
michael-_-33-_-griffin::yeaaaaaaaaaah as soon as the bell rings im bout talk about it to my friends ^_^
michael-_-33-_-griffin::so i guess john jenkins not gone see any time this season? is that correct unless its its an injury or an blow out
StevenDanger194::Kevin Durant needs to pull a lebron he will not win a ring in OKC.
CandySparker::Cheers OKD Thunder!
Rdiu::i'm starting to really dislike Westbrook , it's obvious that Durant is the best player of the team, Westbrook need to stop trying to be the no.1 guy, stick to your 2nd role and help the team win.
dubcheedubmee::okc just fell off the map....so much potential and really just getting started but they just fd up their franchise
Ohio2Texas::Breaking News : OKC trades Russell Westbrook and  first round pick from Toronto to Boston for Rajon Rondo and Brandon Bass.  When media ask Kevin Durant how does it feel to get a PG like Rondo, Durants response is, "It feels good to have a PG that will pass me the ball".
Pusha Tonn::Martin looks good, he's not Harden but he can score...but Russell....damn, he's awful, 5-18? and 6-21 against the Spurs....please, tell him to stop shooting
4thQuar7er::Rus is going to have a tough time Tuesday vs. the defensive Kyle Lowry too.  OKC better be careful, they could very well lose tuesday as well.
MJ-still-the-G.O.A.T.::If Harden were still on the roster, OKC would have won this game.
smithj2000::Since they are both locked up for the next four years that will be kinda tough.
4thQuar7er::That was not the point of the Harden trade.  It was a trade that makes this team better in 2 years, not now.
SPURZWARZ1.0::In 2 years Westbrook or Durant will be lured away by more money!
rex_coach::Great move by trading Harden to the Rockets before the season began.  ~ Dodger organization
rex_coach::Kevin Martin is really good at dishing the ball to his teammates for assists.  ~ John Stockton
MJ-still-the-G.O.A.T.::Hey Presti, tell me how my a$$ tastes.  -Harden
DwightSchrute24::Harden......
cooltapes777::Westbrook 5 for 18? That's John Starks game 7 territory
oneandonlybabe::I fell asleep with the Thunder up by a couple of points in the third and  wake up to see they lost by 9??? smh  At least the Lakers won like I thought they would and my boy Howard had a good game, it seems.
cooltapes777::You are right. The lakers won b/c the pistons are really, really ,really (intentionally?) bad.
oneandonlybabe::Yup  I said the same myself yesterday. They Piston have no offensive options. I do think this win will help the Lakers to at least get some confidence going forward. And for the record, I'm no Lakers fan (quite the contrary) but I'm a fan of Dwight's so I am paying more attention to them this season in the hopes that he does Ok in La La land and then gets out there, ha!.
cooltapes777::Just saw the reply; westbrook is terrible. TERRIBLE. Saving it under your own basket no-look? DUDE. This guy believes his own hype.  And this is a game they win last year. AT HOME. Martin can score points (SOMETIMES), but he's no Harden.
Carbon-based::Okc are done this year
Neil826::horford and a bunch of scrubs beat the thunder at home.  it is time to panic.
cooltapes777::no josh smith! Ivan johnson was beasting!
kiss_thee_ring::WESTBROOK IS NOT A PG YOU NEED A PG WITH BETTER DECISION MAKING. MOVE WESBROOK TO SG
Gods illa::PG is a position on the basketball court and Russ plays basketball he will learn
sgates1967::I started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month average so far.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched the words  Sports Betting System, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
Dented_rim::Thunder fans are clueless as to what good Westbrook has done for that team...maybe if Delonte West replaced him for a month - we would see the Thunder fans begging to get Westbrook back.  Thunder fans got spoiled fast - only one place to go when you are at the top. This is the NBA; teams rise and fall all the time - it ain't Sooner football where they pay the best HS players to come there every year :)
Gods illa::Man out there every game for 4 seasons ! !  And he plays wit energy and hunger every single night !  It's kind of like they say keep takin it to the whole and Gettin open looks and the shots will fall
Dented_rim::Westbrook is in his 5th year - hasn't missed a game - and now plays with players who can rebound, his role has changed like 2 or 3 times as new rotations replace old rotations.  Green leaving changed the Thunder style more than they will change with Harden gone. That team with Green could hound you all night long - I loved that crazy all over the place style they had back then - but you knew they would have to change as they got older - 82 games and playoffs and practice, that will catch up to even 25 year old legs.
Gods illa::.Russ has only had a serious problemvfor barely one season I think Russ is better than AI.  and AIs teams were terrible He had no help
thel1195::5 for 18 shooting is why.  Read the stat sheet and it says all that needs to said.  He has a few on nights, but his lust to be "the guy" on this team is a detriment.  Harden was better - a lot better.  A few more losses will open some eyes.
Dented_rim::Alan Iverson went 8 for 23 every night playing the same style and people thought he was god.
Gods illa::Maybe so.. But OKC lost a bro ! KD, Russ, Harden been spendin a lot of time together their whole career they are friends ,were teammates  They aren't focused yet were a week into something new and already played 3 games thats a tough spot..  it will take more time than people think it will
Gods illa::We will see how much support we get when the KD era is over and we have won a couple ships give or take, and we go into the rebuilding stage and become an average team after all of this..we will see how many of these crybaby degenerates will holler thunder up then hopefully we will have stars in place to build a team on but if not it will be hard for to get elite players here..
Gods illa::Lol I'm assuming of course
jasiekforever::couple ? you gotta win one first
Gods illa::Born and bred in OKC metro Thunder Up I think the same thing , we are blessed by god himself to spoiled for our own good..I'm from here and a lot of thunder fans want to throw Russ under the bus and move on it drives me crazy
35Jordan::Gosh Westbrook is the most over rated point guard in the NBA!
Jeremy Lin Is God::*world  ;)
Jeremy Lin Is God::$1000000 question :  If Westbrook was white would he be in the NBA?  ;)
atlfan65::If he were white he'd be doing commercials,and get a lot more attention too..An athletic and very fast white guy?? He would be a God lol..True Story..
eafowler13::At least he's better than Lin. There is a reason he was cut from two teams. Why are you chatting about another team that the rockets will only play once this year get a life. We'll see id you're still on the "Red Nation" bandwagon when the rockets miss the playoffs this year.
Carbon-based::K perkin is wash up ask Boston
nroberts5603::You know what isn't washed up? Using proper grammar. All the cool kids do it.
Jeremy Lin Is God::Nerd  ;)
genjeskhan::10 total rebounds between ibacan't and perkins, 12 for durant. seriously, the thunder frontcourt is a joke.
Gods illa::We will see how Perkins holds up all season long .. But I think our frontcourt will be good enough to bag a title as long as the back court does the elite side of business
Jeremy Lin Is God::Top Thunder draft picks of all time: 1. Durant 2. Harden 3. 4. 153. Westbrook ;)
Dented_rim::PS; I'm a Sonic fan and I'm more than willing to say OKC's Thunder belong to OKC now - I'm sooooo over all the drama...and 100% behind what the new basketball plans are for Seattle. You need to catch up - or you don't actually follow either organization and are just trying to opine?
Dented_rim::Nope; ask any real Thunder fans and they will tell you that the OKC team and the Sonics are NOT the same team.
Gods illa::I'm a real OKC fan and I know where we came from and who we were so respect
Jeremy Lin Is God::Ok boyscout!  ;)
Dented_rim::The Thunder didn't draft Durant.
Jeremy Lin Is God::Dented_rim - The Thunder didn't draft Durant.  Sonics did and sonics are thunder ;)
CLIPSCHAMPS2013::Westbrook = chimp
genjeskhan::who knew taliban harden would blow up as a starter, thunder management probably made a huge mistake by trading him. he will eventually cool down, but okc won't get past the 2nd round without him.
Gods illa::We weren't fools for trading we were wise for drafting him .. But it was a mistake letting him go .. Maybe if we would hve won the ship this year we would have stayed for less
