Ernest Bagdasaryan::Good win refs, you are now .500 !
Scott Lau::Those refs are obviously Memphis-sided. They need to "help" Memphis win, because the Kings are definitely the better team.
Andrew Higginbottom::did you see the game? calls all over with cousins and he never was touched
Scott Lau::Andrew Higginbottom Yes. I saw the game. Otherwise, I wouldn't be making such a statement, smartass.
Alex Simmons::That's why the kings are so much closer to that number 8 seed right?
David Haba::I watched the replay of the "supposed" Conley foul.  If he touched Rudy's arm, it was with a feather.  The entire FedEx Forum booed because Memphis stole the ball and the game would have been over.  Or it was up and down.   The only "gift" was the 8 point lead Sacramento gave up down the stretch, thanks!  And for the record, this was the first home game for the Grizzlies this season where I thought they got the slight benefit of the calls, so I don't feel bad.  Again, if you want to blame the refs, that is fine. If I was a King's fan, I would blame: 1.  The blown 8 point lead down the stretch. 2. Rudy Gay, he screwed up on 2-3 isolations at the end of the game.  3. The coach for putting the ball in Gay's hands.    And to say that the Kings are a better team? LOL They are the doormat of the conference.  Sure, Memphis is struggling this year. But, Gasol was out.  Memphis is 10-5 with Marc Gasol in the lineup this season.  Going back to before he got hurt, Memphis has now won 7 straight games when Gasol has played.  When healthy, Memphis is A LOT better than Sacramento.
Vernon Bates::Thank You! We never get calls at home and i am not apologizing if we did get one.  The refs suck and most of the game we couldn't get a foul call so to think we got a gift at the end is alright with me
Anthony Joseph Ziegler::It's a clear call. Kings ball. The state of officiating is so pathetic these days. That should have never taken that long.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::prince had the ball when he stepped on the line.
Shanny Salcedo::The Grizz are the only team with a Top 10 point guard and Top 5 PF and C
Garrett Williams::lol never heard of the spurs?
Shanny Salcedo::Garrett Williams Tiago Splitter top 5 C?? lol
John Badrov::Like the Griz but thanks for the win refs. Very bad calls down the stretch.
John Badrov::Wow. Questionable calls down the stretch go the Griz way.
Andrew Higginbottom::huh? did you watch? the out of bounds that was clearly out on the kings, but they got the ball....the obvious walk that was somehow a jump ball. the fouls called on Cousins when he head flopped and was not touched.... wtf are you talking about
Andrew Fong::Andrew Higginbottom Nope. Watch carefully--he was touched.
Andrew Higginbottom::Andrew Fong no he wasnt. lmao... get HD...
Russ Harris::Will somebody..............ANYBODY.............PLEASE set a pick for Jimmer Fredette
Sean Moore::Four out of our last five, for the Kings this is huge they reverted back to some old ways against an elite team in the Pacers, but brought it back under control last night against the T-Wolves. I feel like the Kings can beat any of the "pretty good"  teams right now as long as we...sorry they continue to play like they have been as of late. I think we need a lot of growth to take on and consistently beat the elite teams though. Soon enough I'm thinkin championship run first year in the new stadium?!?! ;)
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Sean Moore, i agree they do need to play with the consistency they have shown in the last 10 games. Yea hopefully we pick up someone good from the loaded draft, and maybe get rid of Thornton, thompson, and fredette ( FA next season )
George Jimas::play fredette more. they only won because of the six great minutes he played last game.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL whats up george !
Keith Dennis::heh :)
Chad Wiggins::quite the kings fan u are. every game u make the same comment, but what i find funny is how in the world do u feel comfortable saying this when of late i can remember multiple games where he entered in the sec quarter with the kings down 8 to 10 points, and when he and the sec unit checked out, the kings had a 4 or 5 point lead totally changing the rhythm of the game... nights where he would pump in 8 to 10 points in 7 min, and would be +10 in 7 min of action in a game where the kings were up only 3 or 4 when fredette would check out.... i really dont get kings fans denigrating fredette when he has played so well of late... he's a better assist man, he is shooting 45% from the floor, 48% from three, and 93 % from the line... mclemore an thorton are both getting double the time fredette gets, and they are awful.. both shooting like 36% from the floor and worse from deep... fredette has gotten noticeably better at handling the ball, and staying in front of his man.. and yet he's the one u choose to single out and run ur mouth about....SMH
Ernest Bagdasaryan::This is the reason why keeps taking hits every year, as far as games being rigging against visiting team by the officiating union. Having affiliation and being paid strictly by the nba, as long as this continues, they will be games being rigged thru the referees to favor one team over another, and push it to game 7's
Andrew Higginbottom::Grizz are 11-12  at home, so lets just stop the crying.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Andrew Higginbottom what does that comment have to do with my statement against referees getting way too involved.  I dont cry, but since we are on that subject have fun crying when you guys dont make 8th seed. LOL
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Andrew Higginbottom you would be saying the same thing if kings won by 1. All im saying is the refs play favoritism, specially to home teams.
Kenny Zhang::GAME STOLEN. Memphis fans can either agree or STFU. Thanks.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::What is their to review it was out on prince.
Andrew Higginbottom::what? announcers even say it was Thomas..he hit it out
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Andrew Higginbottom prince's foot was on the line when he had possession of the ball.
Doug Tarpinian::Higginbotoms cred was just shot on this entire thread. There's 2 broadcasts man. Kings ball.
Errol Thomas Jr::No win is a bad win, so good win Grizzlies.  It remains to be seen if this team can put it all together by the end of the season.  Lee has been huge.  Marc is getting his wind back and Conley has been great and while this is 5 in a row, we still haven't seen the Grizzlies hitting on all cylinders yet.  There is still time, though!
David Overstreet::Grizz fan and can say several questionable calls down the stretch. Thought ball went of kings player not prince but thought it was a wash Grizz had to play defense but then gay got stripped/fouled/jump ball? Yeah no idea what that happened but its whatever.
David Franson::It's either feast or famine with Isaiah, and lately it has seemed to go up one game and down the next.  However, no matter how poorly he plays, he will still get his 34-36 minutes per game.  Maybe Malone can get him even more than the 42 he played last game.
Anthony Joseph Ziegler::Can't blame the official when you can't draw up and execute a good play. That last possession was terribly drawn up and you didn't get the ball to the best player on the team, Cousins. Terrible coaching.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Interesting fact, The Kings have a 12-3 record when they score at least 105+ points a game. Lets see if this a run and gun game, or more fundamental slower game. I think the score reaches 100 for both teams.
Andrew Higginbottom::what..1-11 when they dont reach 100...good luck scoring 100, not looking likely
David Franson::The first team to 100 will likely win this game.  Grizzlies are 2nd best defensive team in Western Conference behind the Spurs, so the Kings will have a tougher time getting to the century mark than they did against the T'Wolves.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::David Franson Sup, yea i know lol. this game is just back and forth, neither team has yet to reach 10 pts lead. wolves had a better home record then memphis though.
Richard Joslin::If I was a Grizz fan, I'd admit Refs were very helpful the final 3 minutes and ask myself why Memphis needed help to beat the Kings ... not complaining though
Russ Harris::Kings are playing stupid offense....same old Kings.....1 on 3 or 4 then turn over...frustrating.............
Joshua Hsu::so many chances to take a solid lead in this game, yet they continue to play isolation basketball with no offensive rotation against a really solid one-on-one defense grizzlies team. what. the. heck. mike. malone.
Kenny Zhang::You simply cannot make that kind of statement using this game as your example. You really can't.
Pace Clark::Grizzles get this one easy! They have been rolling with Courtney Lee and now that Marc is back it should be a easy win
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Pace clark, i dont think it will be as easy as people predict, kings have been playing great as of late.
Andrew Higginbottom::um....1 step 2 step 3 step 4 step.....WOWOWOWWOWOWOWOWOWOWO
Andrew Higginbottom::what a terrible call....Straight walking...
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins 1 rebound short of 13th straight double double, way to play big man !
Charles Gates::Grizzlies 3-0 with Marc back, time for them to make a playoff push.
