luimi12345678::knicks fans continually making excuses shows there fear. they used to not say anything about the nets last year cause they couldnt win a game. its an NBA team no team is a push over these guys get paid millions too
nixourbis::Did all these Knicks fans forget about their buzzer beater vs the Bobcats last week? In the game that the bobcats literally blew?
footbawlll::yes
bamberg1977::"Detroit, which lost a basket to a shot-clock violation after a video review, blew a six-point lead in the final 90 seconds of regulation."  It was one of the worst calls in NBA history and thats what gets reported? Refs counted the bucket, then went to review for no reason due to NJ whining. Then refs overturned the basket. There was nothing on review even close to questionable. The ball hit rim hard and beat shot clock by over a second. Unfortunately, Joey Crawford is so senile he called the put back by Kyle Singler 'late' because the shot clock hadn't yet reset. Total mental blunder by refs, or out and out bias. Just pathetic. Joey 'I decide games, not the players' Crawford had 5 min TV timeout for replay and took away a indisputable basket.
bamberg1977::nm
Boyanime::Wow, That game was fun
spcoon::it's awesome how knicks fans can't cope with another local team getting press for anything. love it.
TigerMichLion111::Pistons lost this game???  SMH.....
Excelscior1::Deron Williams, has been a scrub since he left the PG friendly system of Jerry Sloane at Utah.
luimi12345678::scrubs dont make team USA back to back Olympics you bumbling idiot
KnixTix::Joe Johnson is just your average Joe...below average really.  And this is the dude that has been saying the Nets are better than the Knicks since he got to Brooklyn.  The only thing thing the Nets lead the league in is FLOPS! http://imageshack.us/a/img441/6233/averagejoejohnson.jpg
donald587804::As an Atlanta Fan, I am so HAPPY!! we finally dumped the bum.  One thing we know for sure is if they make the playoffs, Joe will totally disappear. THANK-YOU for the early Christmas present - taking the bum and fully paying for his insane contract.
Porkchop8920::Thank you too for letting us dump off that terrible bench of ours and getting a better one
Dondi716::A double overtime home game versus THE DETROIT PISTONS and you guys are action as if u really done something THIS IS AND ALWAYS WILL BE A KNICK TOWN !!!!!!!
luimi12345678::you need a life lol.
Dondi716::People I get it most of these fans are people that for whatever reason couldn't get in the garden, now there's basketball in Brooklyn my home town and people are happy there's a place to go to watch pro ball however the nets should be wary of the gang mentality of brooklyn-vs knicks and whom they are appealing to HECK last year this team played in a industrial zone in jersey now in brooklyn they have a tough thug style of play ????????
spcoon::thug style of play? what are you referring to? avery johnson's defensive mantra of either taking a charge, blocking a shot or giving a hard foul? that's basketball, baby.
KnixTix::Joe Johnson is just your average Joe...
kevincruz58::No matter what these jay-z knock-off nets do they will never accomplish more than the Jason Kidd led NETS that had back to back finals appearences!
1337s0lja::Seeing that shot from Joe makes me miss him at Atlanta but we will be far better off for making that decision. Hawks are a faster more up tempo team because of it. All they need is a big man. Good game Nets
1337s0lja::lol yeah it was just that shot but I honestly think that Lou Williams does as much off the bench that Joe did starting for us.
MontezATL::I don't miss Iso Joe at all...Team is way better without him.
nets1fan_::Nets play thier 2nd back to back game this week tonight... I wanna see what kind of legs we have tonite after the double ot thrilla in the Barclay....... Lets Go Nets!!!!
KnixTix::You needed 2OTs to beat a team like Detroit?  On a buzzer-beater?  In your own house?  Pathetic!!!!!
spcoon::right, so you didn't lose to houston by 30. stop being moronic.
suzuki_is_the_man::Hey, this is front page headlines because 1)New York is a bigger market than Toronto, Indianapolis, Orlando, Cleveland, Minnesota, Houston, and OKC.  2) L.A. beat a team that is so bad, that not even ESPN can pretend that was anything of an accomplishment.
blackrome::It's a lack of respect because you have never won anything.   The Falcons scored 2 points in a playoff game. You lost last week to the Panthers.   How can you respect that.
1337s0lja::well there is also a bias when it comes to sports teams. Guess what the Atlanta Falcons are disrespected by the media AND there are reports surfacing about the lack of respect the media has for the Atlanta Hawks. Its not who plays on these teams. Its the lack of respect because of our location.
Job21223::Celebrating a double OT win against the lowly Pistons?!  That is like getting raped and celebrating because the guy used a condom....
spcoon::actually, that's a sickening analogy and completely misogynistic.
KnixTix::Great analogy!
kevincruz58::and lube
RNYC::Mo Williams hit a GW against the spurs on Wednesday....so what!  Joe Johnson is weak. He's a mediocre player getting paid like a superstar.  Atlanta is so happy billy king took this dude away.
Job21223::It'll take another 22 games for him to come through again, which is a 4 games per season clutch shot...weak
Thetimpanikid16::Double OT to beat the pistons at home? Please.....
nets1fan_::Wow there sure r a ton of knickers fans in here hate'n..... It was'nt long ago when those knickers had their fans pickettig the garden cus they were so bad.......
nets1fan_::Yes they did....right in front of the garden when thomas was the coach...
Thetimpanikid16::No they didn't....
nets1fan_::NOTHING BUT NETS 2012 AND BEYOND......YA'HEARD!!!!!!
ESPN.com is my life::i've never seen so many knicks trolls in one place. happy hour starting a little early today because of the christmas season?
cmajor26::It took 22 games, but Joe Johnson did Friday what he was brought to Brooklyn to do.......  I'm pretty sure they didn't bring Joe Johnson to Brooklyn for him to have to make game winning shots in double OT against the Pistons.....
spcoon::does it matter who he hits that shot against in the regular season? a win is a win. amazing how people love hating.
Thatsmydawg16::ESPN is such a joke!
gkm456::could not agree more
TheAvenger007::Espn.. You guys are funny. Front page for a Nets team that struggled against one of the worst teams in the Nba? 2 OTs to get a win and blew a 17 point lead? Looks like someone is a desperate anti knick fan.
gkm456::espn is a bunch of losers who think that tebow is a great qb and now the nets r great for beating the pistons in 2ot at home
Yofiel Malachi::You beat a terrible team thats way under .500. Why are you celebrating a game winner for?
spcoon::because they faced their first stretch of adversity with a losing streak and their star center out. getting back into the groove that had them beat the knicks and clippers takes time, effort and gutting out wins like this. got it couch potato?
Tonnee87::Ask Lakers fans...
Mosiah7::So sick of hearing about Brooklyn!  Celebrating a two point double overtime win over a crap team....
Knicks_Will_Win_The_East::Why is this crap on the front page? It took them 2 OT to beat a crappy team at home and they are on the front page for this s.hit? What a joke
topdropkilla44::Skip Bayless. Please kill yourself and make your family's christmas better.
MAJOR LEEGUE::Why come the Nets havin such a hard time with Detroit?
whatsdoing::on the bright side.... blatche is balling.  that was a great pick up especially for the money... i could not believe he wasnt able to get more than a 1 yr deal for less than $1 million.
Job21223::he played like garbage last night
RNYC::Yeah he's playing great. Excellent pick up
whatsdoing::no need to celebrate a double OT win at home against one of the worst teams in the NBA.....
whatsdoing::........but a win is a win is a win.
Antsea91::It took them two extra OTs to beat the pistons? Yikes and I thought the lakers were bad for barely beating the wizzies
whatsdoing::yeah, not very impressive.
eicherma::Pistons are the most underrated team in the nba
Antsea91::lol
vivalacorbo::congratulations, brooklyn. you beat the detroit pistons at home. what an enormous accomplishment. very front page worthy
sirdudensteinbacon::I really wish I could customize the ESPN home page so I don't have to see this garbage...
sirdudensteinbacon::hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha  That headline made me laugh.  Joe Johnson hits a game winning shot against one of the worst teams in basketball and suddenly he's "got his swagger back?"   Hahahahahahah.  Oh man you New Jersey fans are too, too funny.  Hey if beating the Pistons (in double OT!) is enough to validate his ridiculous contract, then enjoy him, Nets fans.
itlzoom::Must be a boring night in the world of sports when something like this headlines.
zdunn1785::or because theres a espn center stationed in new york
Porkchop8920::actually in Bristol, Connecticut
81WASIV::game winner in double OT. so the "game winner" was missed twice previously to that. not too impressive
Porkchop8920::Pisons missed in OT and D-Will missed in the 4th
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::... Game winning shot is a game winning shot, they got it done.
Crooklynism::I never thought I'll say this about a pro athlete but, G.Wallace might be underpaid
zdunn1785::Nope hes not, hes declining as a player like joe johnson. His bobcat years were his best so far.
BXwarriorBX::you need to look up jo stats from last season he was a top 5 sg
Allen Conder::He was the face of a really bad franchise, could have been a great 3rd option on a championship team, in his prime. Too bad he never got that chance
manimarf09::It's a win, but this shows inferior teams can hang with the Nets.
John Adams 2nd prez::Wait til Joe Johnson plays 82 games.   Then you'll understand why he's booed in Atlanta.
Allen Conder::imho, Not sure how many players you can say fully earned one contract, and it was good for both sides (His first Atlanta deal). And such a horrific contract, in one career (2nd Atlanta deal)
zdunn1785::Well its not really the contract its more of hes a laid back type player he has no balls an hes inconsistent. An in the playoffs you need a player who going to do anything to win. He doesnt have a killer instinct in him I guess. Hes always been a 3rd option type of player, but in atlanta he was the 1st option and failed at it. Seems like in brooklyn hes doing much worse, b/c he cant do all that iso stuff which is what patted his stats.
RepresentATLSports::Wait until he pisses around in the playoffs.
highyiz1::JTrain is just mad cause he knows the knicks silly 1-16 playoff record isn't gonna change this year.....
zdunn1785::im not a nets fan im a hawks fan im just telling you b/c he did coach here if you didnt know. Im just telling you a fair warning so dont be surprised if im right
wonderboy112::ok now i respect your opinion a little more .. but seriously watch the knicks we run iso but then we move the ball thats why we lead the league in 3's
The_JTrain::If you look at the Hawk's roster those years, they overachieved tremendously.  coaching isn't like playing.  They best way to judge mike woodson's performance is to look at the improvement the Hawks experienced over that time.  Woodson has a home record of 20-1 with the knicks.  that's not an accident;
wonderboy112::why do you care anyway .. i honestly dont think the nets will even make it to the playoffs ... they will be lucky if they get in with 7th or 8th seed
zdunn1785::I'm sorry to inform you whomever a knicks fan is but Mike Woodson fails in the playoffs b/c of his rotation of players. By the playoffs hes gonna ware out melo. An his coaching style is iso heavy, which is very predictable. Facing a the same team at home and on the road consecutive games in the playoffs with the iso heavy offense will make your team very predictable since more scouting reports are done. Don't get me wrong Woodson is a great regular season coach,but he hasnt shown that same thing in the playoffs.
wonderboy112::if you didnt know mike woodson has changed his offense.. he copied some of mike d antoni style
wonderboy112::i am sorry but 22 games is not too early .... you cant say what the knicks are doing is a fluke anymore. and plus honestly the knicks are at the point where they are trying to win championships ill rather beat miami than brooklyn
highyiz1::it's still early in the season, wait till playoffs and then we'll see wednesday will be a good benchmark seeing the knicks were handed a W the last time
The_JTrain::how were they handed a W?
highyiz1::1. I'm stating the facts, with some sarcasm 2. i'm completely f*cking with you, idgaf what Jtrain says it's just funny he thinks that the knicks are a far better team. Now that is laughable.
Porkchop8920::he's a top 5-7 center in the NBA
wonderboy112::the knicks are better brroklyn folded like a chair without brook lopez cmon .. the knicks are missing guys every other day.. next man up.. and mind you brook lopez is not even that good
The_JTrain::k
wonderboy112::word hating on the knicks is something we dont need to respond to anymore from a Brooklyn fan.. soon Brooklyn is gonna be the world most famous Ymca
BroncosAFCWest2012::How is a 13-9 team beating a 7-18 team in Double OT front page worthy?
John Adams 2nd prez::ESPN.    The Skankees dominate the headlines, no love for the Pirates, Royals, Twins, ect.
The_JTrain::Because apparently the Nets are contenders? who knew?
Eddiestewartm::Maybe im the only piston fan that sees a lot of promise in this team, but I think they are building something here
kingtai01::Damn Drummond can't buy any minutes. Two...two overtimes and he only played 18 minutes....lol frank is an idiot...
The_JTrain::I wouldn't play drummond in OT...
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::"Knicks have ONE playoff victory since 2000. Last time Nets met the Knicks, Nets swept them 4-0. Since 2000, Nets have made the NBA finals twice and won over 40 playoff games while the Knicks have won 1! "  Really.... 2002? &amp; you think you made a point
djny2k12::Is that why the Knicks lost to the Nets? Because they're "clearly" the better team?  You won the 2nd game on a buzzer beater despite Melo scoring 45 pts. so yes Knicks are "clearly" better (rolling eyes)
John Adams 2nd prez::Nets fans will soon realize why Hawks fans HATE Joe Johnson.  He's the definition of indifference. I did see where he scored 6 WHOLE points last weekend, then got benched. Hahahaha.
The_JTrain::Again, if you are looking at head to head record please see the game between the Nets and Bucks....  Are the bucks better than the Nets?  You haven't answered yet?
djny2k12::Yes and Knicks haven't won a title since then so I am glad you agree that Knicks haven't done anything better than the Nets.
The_JTrain::Except this season where they are clearly the better team...
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::Nets still suck. Go Knicks
djny2k12::That's why the Knicks lost to the Nets.
Porkchop8920::how????
The_JTrain::but the Nets lost to the bucks but the Knicks beat the Heat but the Heat beat the nets.  Wait I'm confused....  Wait, now I know why.  It's because your point isn't valid.
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Have the Nets not lost to any bad teams?
KnickDiaz::they havent played the bobcats yet..... or the wizards
The_JTrain::that's something i guess.
SuperShOx::Why can't Knicks and Net fans just get along? I mean we both rep NY! Smh.
djny2k12::It's a LONG season...anything can happen.   Nets as a team have very talented players. They may not have someone as good as Melo but overall there is alot of talent and depth so I am not being a homer.
The_JTrain::There is talent....  But they are poorly coached ad their arguably their most important player is their most injury prone player.  Lopez is made of glass.  If he can stay healthy, the Nets will be a good team.  You say the knicks are old and injury prone but I'd be positively terrified if I was relying on Lopez.  Plus, D Will's injury won''t get better until he has the off season to rest.    Idk, Joe Johnson... I think it isn't working that well.  He hit a buzzer beater tonight but both of those back court players like to dominate the ball.  I don't see them both thriving at the same time.
djny2k12::The only thing #1 seed guarantees you is playoffs and home court advantage. It doesn't guarantee a NBA championship.
The_JTrain::k if you think the Nets are going to proceed farther in the playoffs than the knicks based on what you've seen this season, then you are beyond reason.
djny2k12::That's my point....a big question mark is Knicks health....Kidd is almost 40 with back issues. Being # 1 seed doesn't always equate to championships.
The_JTrain::he occassionally has back spasms... really not a back "issue" .  No, but the number 1 seed usually does put u in contention...
djny2k12::I never said Nets are better than OKC or San Antonio....  BTW this was a Nets vs. Pistons thread....Knick fans are the one coming here to troll and bash the Nets.
djny2k12::I don't have a problem with you being here....just don't expect me to concede that Knicks are better than Nets. The only way I'd agree if Knicks were better than the Nets is if they won a championship.
The_JTrain::Do you know how many Nets fans were on Knicks boards before we knew the Nets were mediocre?
djny2k12::So by your logic....Chicago had the best regular season record last year. Regular season records don't really mean much. No one cares about having the most wins during the regular season.  Do I recall Chicago winning the championship? Umm...no.  Infact, Chicago, Oaklahoma City and San Antonio all had better regular season records than Miami (eventual champion)
The_JTrain::chicago had a legit chance and then Rose had a freak injuryl.  OKC and San Antonio were both contenders and remain contenders.  they are also both better than the Nets....
spcoon::seriously. all that matters for playoff bound teams is good positioning and being healthy when it matters. caring about anything else is for fans of teams who have nothing to look forward to in may.
djny2k12::I think a great exercise for you is to remind yourself that the season is not over yet....and who brags about being #1 seed with 60 games to go = Knick Fans
The_JTrain::Again, name me a team that started as well as the knicks have and ended up with a bad regular season record.  Please.  Just be logical here.
djny2k12::Yes, Nets are better than a year ago. If you are a real basketball fan which I hope you are, you'd realize they are better than what they were in NJ.  They won 22 games last year....they already have 13 wins.
The_JTrain::I think a great exercise would be for you to list the NBA teams with a better record than the Nets and then come back...
The_JTrain::Because Nets fans are mostly hipsters who didn't like Basketball until brooklyn had a team.  Or, they are transplanted NJ fans who think that a change in scenery has made their team better.  The Net's players were consistently saying they were the best team in NY.
Porkchop8920::and Knick fans are mostly trolls/homers like you
Nychris333::exactly ....a real as in loyal newyorker will only have one team and that the Knicks ... if spike lee being from Brooklyn so can the rest of ny
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::"Ain't No Love"
SuperShOx::My nets are now 2-1 in the last three games decided by five points or less in the 4th q in the final min
djny2k12::Oh look....it's the bragging police.  Knicks haven't won anything RIGHT NOW! And head-to-head match up they are 1-1.
The_JTrain::The Nets have a 0-1 record against the Bucks.  What's your point?  Are the Bucks better than the Nets?
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Ok now this is the 2nd time i have caught you bragging about 10 years ago, sorry my friend you are forever irrelevant
djny2k12::This season is not over....There are still about 60 games to go.  Knicks have ONE playoff victory since 2000. Last time Nets met the Knicks, Nets swept them 4-0. Since 2000, Nets have made the NBA finals twice and won over 40 playoff games while the Knicks have won 1!  Btw, Knicks last won a NBA championship in 1970 and 1973.  Nets won a ABA championship in 1974 &amp; 1976. ABA had just good of a players as the NBA did back in the day.
The_JTrain::Nice job coming at me with that sweet ABA championship and finals appearances.  you are forgetting that the Knicks won an NBA championship in that same decade and made the finals in 1999....  Way to only count the playoffs since 2000.  The knicks were bad for a decade but they never sunk as low as the nets did.  The Nets were overrated coming into this season and this is now clear.  The knicks were totally underrated and this is now clear.  Again, by what metric are the Nets better than the Knicks RIGHT NOW?
djny2k12::JTrain is the one trolling...I am not fabricating anything.  Knicks did get blown out by the Rockets...if that hurts your feelings....nothing I can do about it.  Yes, Knicks can do better....that's by winning a championship....then come back and brag. Until then, regular season doesn't mean much.
The_JTrain::I'm sorry what's the knicks overall record?  what's the Nets record?  the knicks have had a difficult schedule thus far and have been great.   One loss to the Rockets does not make for a good point....  Have the Nets won an  NBA championship ever?    By what metric are the Nets better than the Knicks?  Please, enlighten me.
KnickDiaz::where do you see any comment saying we have won the championship????..... youre acting ignorant dude....if you wanna talk up your team do that..... but dont fabricate stuff
djny2k12::If you are a Knick fan....look in the mirror. Your team's time to win it all is now. I expect the Knicks to be better this season.   Nets will be better in the long run.
The_JTrain::The knicks are #1 in the East and have the second best record in the league.  How can they be doing any better?  You want them to have a perfect record? Screw off dude
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Your season will come down to who can stay healthy
djny2k12::My point is Nets have lost to some really good teams with Dwill/Joe Johnson playing awful....Lopez missing 7 games...Wallace missing 5 games.  Plus DWill is playing injured which will require offseason surgery.
KnickDiaz::actually the nets have lost to some really BAD teams!!!
The_JTrain::D will's injury isn't going to get better until he has an off season to recover FYI
KnickDiaz::the Twolves came back from 22 down to beat the nets at home...IN THE SECOND HALF!!!
The_JTrain::The freakin bucks destroyed the nets at home I believe.
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Rockets are .500.. If that shuts you up
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::2games behind the Nets i think =D
KnickDiaz::whats your point dude???.....thats a really dull point
djny2k12::Nets have not lost to a sub 500 team yet this season while Knicks got blown out by the Rockets 131, 103
djny2k12::That was in response to this post below so no I didn't start this...I was merely stating Nets have not lost to any sub 500 team.  The_JTrain judging by who you've beaten this is not a good statistic
Nychris333::your the one braging that the nets havent lost to a sub 500 team while the knicks have even pulling up the score lol who does that
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Man your the 1 who just started spewing the false fact...
djny2k12::Exactly so stop bragging about #1 seed  down Nets fans throats. Knicks haven't won anything.
Nychris333::lol did i say anything about knicks winning a championship ... please learn how to read before responding to me
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::You have not heard a Knick fan even slightly mention winning the finals in 39 years...
djny2k12::Reality: 60 games left in NBA season  Knick Fans: We've won the 2012 championship!  Fact: Knicks have ONE playoff victory since 2000!
Nychris333::and yet are #1 in the eastern conference............ your point
KnickDiaz::guess if we look hard enough there's good news....wow..
The_JTrain::judging by who you've beaten this is not a good statistic
Stephen 45::Did we all forget about the Atlanta Hawks record?
The_JTrain::he was on a worse team and seemed more productive.  His stats were inflated.  He's an okay rebounder but that's it.
KnickDiaz::the hawks are better without joe johnson.......just like the magic without dwight.... the teams with these 2 stars are wondering what the traded for, cause these dudes are not playing like stars at all........ why is dwight howard always smiling?
The_JTrain::struggling with what?  Scissoring dudes?
Rezo201::His shot and his defense. It's just not there at all. The 2 prior seasons he was more productive.
Rezo201::I can't respect any team that Devin Harris is on. He is baby soft.
Rezo201::Humphries is actually tough and strong as hell. He is just struggling.
The_JTrain::ur saying humphries isn't soft.  Hawks&gt;Nets in every way right now
Stephen 45::haha atlanta, brooklyn's where its at!
The Lakers are 1-10 when Kobe scores 30 points::every team from atlanta is the same.   The Braves, Hawks, and Falcons all play well in the regular season but once the postseason starts theyre always one of the first teams bounced
