Jason Whetzell::LETTER TO THE WORLD: BOSTON WILL BEAT YOUR DUMB TEAM!!!
Elisha Yaffe::TWEET TO THE UNIVERSE: CELTICS ARE OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!
Thomas Mulholland::So many people want the Celtics to tank in order to win the lottery.  Have they forgotten the era of the "big three" was not brought about by the lottery?   Always play to win.
Jason Whetzell::Jeff Green was traded for Ray Allen, Without Ray Allen we don't get KG.  That lottery pick started everything.
Jethro Caleb Banal::common green
Jonathan Schofield::Felger and Mazz....what a couple of Aholes. They want the Celts to lose every game this year so we can get wonder boy from Kansas. We have a good team now!! Never mind when Rondo comes back! It's a deep draft next year and remember our "tanking job" to "guarantee" Tim Duncan...........fools.
Jose Mercedes::Or their "Tanking job" to get Kevin Durant or Greg Oden, when they were not even CLOSE to getting those two players.
Lee Kania::I'm a Celtic fan but was very impressed with the Magic's win over the L.A. Clippers. We better defend Vucevic better than Clippers did or our win streak will stop at 1.
Delusional Skater::since celtics aren't making playoff to year. let pressey start over bradley....not like pressey can turn over the ball more then bradley at this point.
Justin Wrasman::I love the preview comparing these teams as if they were remotely similar to last year. Two completely different teams.
Blake Howard::This is gonna be a long season :( I sure hope we win the lottery!!
Sterling Hudson::orlando maic are going to win by 5
Zack Guice::Turn up Boston
Everett Lively::Referees have always decided who wins , who loses.   That's how it is . Referees are human too , they read the newspaper , they sports wager , they have egos . The next time you have a questionable call , look closely its always the same referees making the same bad calls.
Chelo Mejias::idiot
Tha MainEvent Ej::Going to be a fun game with both teams full of young players.....anyways Lets Goooooooooooooooo Magiccccccccccccccccccccccc
Manuel Paulino::I am wondering by watching this game how the hell the MAGIC beat the Clippers and other great teams.  They look like they are at the same level as BOSTON.  NO better.
John Udouj::I am wondering why you think the Clips are great. You must not watch much NBA.
James Ibarra::Agreed....The Clippers are overrated.   They will soon find out that the Celtics won the last few years despite Doc Rivers, not because of him.
Harry Alvarez::clips and their overrated coach will be exposed. book it!
Bob See::Boston continues to lose the fourth quarter. Is their conditioning that poor or are they getting outcoached down the stretch?
Chelo Mejias::They won you dummy, who cares
Jason Whetzell::Brad seems to over experiment in the 4th on purpose.
Casey Arundel::Brad will experiment all year.  He has NOTHING.  He is winning games when he wants to.
Chelo Mejias::Celtics win their second straight...and victor oladipo buys the entire magic basketball team butt-hurt cream to put it on the sorest hole after the game. C's!
Justin Wrasman::One win over a lottery team and celtics fans think it's still 2010.
Chelo Mejias::Justin Wrasman   Nope, i know it's 2013...i'm just a real fan, not a bandwagon fan like you
Lee Ramos::I agreed with you on the Red Sox boards and I like the Celtics, but I don't see them beating this Magic team. Boston born and raised but after living in Orlando for years, the team has grown on me. Go Magic!!!
Marvin Fernandez::if the Celtics pull this off they have the refs to thank. so many ticky tack fouls have gone their way and they turn he blind eye for home team.
Chelo Mejias::oh gimme a break, if the celtics suck so bad...why was the game so close?
Josh Jordan::3 years ago, these teams were in the Eastern Conference Finals. Now they're lottery teams. Man times have changed
Kevin Hayes::The Celtics got old, what was Orlando's excuse?
Robert Miller::Orlando played sloppy but that can be expected with a young team on the road.
Chelo Mejias::orlando was at home
Patrick MacKinnon::Every single one of Orlando's losses are suspicious they should be 6-0.
Chelo Mejias::Ya, just like the patriots should be 9-0...
James Bailey::Game Night! #GoMagic #SeasonTicketHolder
Keyla EnoughSaid Fleming::dang shot your sistas sum tix..lol
James Bailey::Keyla EnoughSaid Fleming I got you sis.
Manuel Paulino::Magic are terrible.  Piece of crab of a team to Boston at home.
Brian Andela::paul pierce is rolling over in his grave
Chelo Mejias::actually he is just sucking it up on the nets
John Staley::Celts will go around .500 this year.
Clay Morris::TWO in a row...WowEEEE
David Miguel Rynerson::Oh my, that was one ugly game!
