Slurm Soda::u
Slurm Soda::hi
scimmyscum::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
rogerhuss::Love this team.  So much improved.  West really helps on D and opens things up for Granger on offense.  They work on D and challenge everything.  To win against better teams, they have to improve shooting productivity to +45%.  They also need consistent scoring from George and Hill at the 2.  If they can do these, they can earn a 3-4 seed in playoffs!
CosmoKramer1444::This team is full of underrated players.
leedogg77::Pacers could realistically have 6 players average in double figures. Unfortunately their bench other than Pscyho T still may not provide enough scoring. I think it is fair to say that Hibbert and Hansbrough are exceeding expectations for them in the NBA.
CosmoKramer1444::Once George Hill gets going, he'll be HUGE off the bench.
bigdolla300::Video Playlist:  Pacers need OT to top Pacers     Nice job ESPN  :)    guess they are another one of those teams that 'beat themselves'
RayKrebbs1978::The Cavaliers showed they are not going to go easy this year.  Every team they play is going to have a fight.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_4
jjredick_34::Danny Granger is one of the most underrated players in the league without question.
rogerhuss::I like all the Pacers starters.  Each brings important attributes to the team.  But for a team that struggles to score, Danny Granger has got to be its MVP.  That said, West makes him sooo much better.
leedogg77::I would say Hibbert is one of the most underrated players in the NBA. He was expected to be just a defensive stopper out of college. He's turning into one of the top true centers in the NBA, yet he doesn't get much props.
NGplayinskillz::I am a Pacers homer also and I say that Danny Granger is definitely underrated. Yes he does take some contested jumpshots but I have watched Danny Granger closely over the years and he is definitely an underrated player. He can definitely be a team's first option because he can be clutch. He is one of the best 3pt shooters in the league although he is off to a slow start this season. He is definitely a top 5 SF in my opinion but like I said he has warmed up just yet but you will see later in the season.
JeremyAce4::Love David West, but he is not a #1 option.
ikedrk::Not at all...  and this is coming from a Pacers homer...  he cant dribble or pass.... which leads to far too many turnovers, offensive fouls, and contested jumpers.  He shouldnt be the pacers first option anymore(especially in crunch time)...  Welcome David West
gettindatscrilla::ugly win, but the pacers will get a lot better on offense, in particular start wetting 3's and hibbert,west, and hansborough is a solid frontcourt. plus granger doesnt have to be the best player but he is still a beast
iownamicrowave::Kudos to Cavs they play hard.  Good too see their fans sticking by them.  Kyrie gave me a scare on that last shot.  Pacer's future looking bright.
lshocket::Pacers are undefeated. File that under crazy lockout fallout.
miketatham34::Against Cavs, Pistons, and Raptors... Probably 3 of the worst teams in the league.  Hey, a win is a win but they are yet to be tested.
i liked this comment::wow, three whole wins...........congratulations........lmao
iownamicrowave::it's really not that crazy.
joboee123::2nd game of the year where 3 players got double-doubles.  This could be  a fun year Pacer fans.....
iownamicrowave::Definetly, they distribute the wealth.
harkinat0r::That's the second straight game the Pacers have let double-digit leads almost get away. I'm glad to see us pull out tight games but good teams will take advantage if we let them get their foot back in the door. I'm still not sure how Irving missed that layup but I'm not complaining. Go Pacers!!
bpscheidler@yahoo.com::lucky for that win but we will take it. GO Pacers
DGERLACH52::pacers you need to play PENDEGRAPH... he is a beast!!
harkinat0r::I think they have every intention of playing him but he is hurt and listed at day-to-day. I can't wait to get him and Foster back because Amundson is really bad.
averymicheal0923::Really hate Cleveland fans.  Really,really hate Dan Gilbert  Kinda like the Cavs. They're a scrappy bunch.
ctownbrown16::seriously why hate cleveland fans? get a life moron
arunsports::why do you hate cleveland fans, because they're actually passionate about their teams and not fare weather fans?
Giggityiggity::1 out of 3 ain't bad.
The Denver Teblows::"kinda" 1 of 3
The Denver Teblows::Gilbert makes me want to hate that whole franchise lol
i liked this comment::i wish there were more dan gilberts, bringing jobs to detroit and cleveland, not fleeing the cities but re-buliding, more cities should be as lucky to have a dan gilbert!             btw............hate is a non-productive activity that can only bring negative energy to your life.............hate does nobody any good, is that what you want?         smh
Giggityiggity::He's a passionate owner who's willing to open his wallet.  I'd rather have him over half of the owners in the NBA.
The Denver Teblows::Can't wait for the Jan 4th matchup of Pacers and Heat. Hope both teams r undefeated still when they play
DaBostonStrangler10::Glad to see Kyrie playing well.
CleJake97::Just a tip, u might want to change ur name because kinda scare peoplie with it
i liked this comment::lol
t-roy_jenkins::only 4 assists and 19 shots for irving.......
Giggityiggity::The Cavs could try to move some players and picks to move up on draft day as well.  I think if they have a chance to grab JS, they will.
arunsports::exactly, but this years draft class is very deep too, just hope all those studs in college declare this year lol
Giggityiggity::The only problem I have with the team losing a lot of games is that they could develop a loser's mentality and that's the last thing the team needs.  They need another stud to play alongside Kyrie and Tristan (who will likely start whenever Jamison departs), but they could wind up being a middle of the pack team this year and miss out on some premier talent.
arunsports::yeah hopefully through the draft and free agency next year we can find players that will ease his shot load! my dream is anthony davis but i would not mind harrison barnes
Giggityiggity::Kyrie's shot total might fool you as well.  His shot selection was pretty good.  Some of those attempts were last second shots with the shot clock winding down.  Give Indiana credit on defense but give Kyrie credit too; he was garnering attention like a #1 scoring option and he still played well.
KingGeorge53::However, I got my eye on something other than ROY of that's develop this team.    So far, I like what I'm seeing.
KingGeorge53::That's probably true.
Giggityiggity::The only other "rookie" he'll compete with is Ricky Rubio but he has a lot of turnovers and I think people will pass him up in voting since he had so much experience playing in the Euro leagues before he came over.
KingGeorge53::ROY might happen and yes it's early.      We don't know when injuries are going to occur, to whom and for how long.    How their coaches play their rookies, etc.      But I like what Byron Scott has been doing with the team so far.    Sessons coming off the bench instead of starting has helped that 2nd unit and the growth of Thompson... another key piece in the 2011 draft.  I was laughed off these boards last year when I said the Pacers were a playoff team.   If I weren't such a diehard Cleveland fan, I'd be rooting for the Pacers.    Very similar, smaller market team building a good team via drafts, FA and solid trades.     IMHO the Pacers are going to go, or should go deeper in the PO.
Giggityiggity::Frank Vogel is a heck of a motivational speaker too.  He instills confidence in his players.
arunsports::the pacers are not a bad team, in my opinion this only strengthened his case for why he will be rookie of the year, his minutes are meaningful for his team, unlike brandon knight who puts up his stats in garbage time, granted it still is very early
KingGeorge53::It's tough to get assists with whom he has to throw off to.    Not trying to excuse this, but Pacers defended the rookie well by covering the other players.    About the only other starter the Cavs have that move well w/o the ball is Anderson.    This was Kyrie's lowest ast. so far.
JeremyAce4::Man, am I glad the Pacers picked up David West.  With 2 open roster spots and $15 million in cap space, expect the Pacers to add yet another piece before the season is out.  This team is much like the Pacers in the early 90's (before they were a finals team and way before they went all high school thug).  I like what I see and a lot of credit has to go to Mr Larry Legend.
zachrlee::Cavs could've won this one had Kyrie not missed that last-second left hand layup. Indiana's too much of a team in overtime.
arunsports::i'd rather have kyrie miss shots now early in his career and develop that clutch gene rather than end up like lechoke
KingGeorge53::agree.    He's earning his way early on.
KingGeorge53::Cavs FT % was awful this game.     You could blame that as well.  However, the PO tested team, Pacers, were too much in overtime.
brownsjoe::or david misses that last shot
brownsjoe::we are 9th i our conference haaha all we need is 8th and hey we are in the postseason haha
SomeGuySays::You know what I like about Irving besides his talent ... you see a lot of players in the NBA who don't even seem to care ... just another day at the job ... Irving does seem to care and the look on his face when he missed that layup says a lot about his future.
i liked this comment::it's also refreshing to see someone that is not so much into "himself and his brand" ............................lol
SomeGuySays::3 more double-doubles for the pacers, 8 in 3 games ... I like what I'm seeing.  As far as Cleveland goes, Kyrie is going to be very good soon.
KingGeorge53::Hope so.     Glad to see Kyrie is getting starting minutes instead of coming off the bench.     Best wishes to your team.   I hope the Pacers go further this year in the PO.
Giggityiggity::Good game Pacer fans!  I was at work for this one but I got to see Kyrie set up that go ahead 3 pointer and miss the lay up for the win.  I can tell this dude will only work harder because of it.
_Dan_Gilbert::Hello Cleveland fans, we are investing our time and money into building a winning team, and since we don't have the resources alone to do that, we'd like a donation from your part. The Cavs are always in need of some extra money to pay for those minimum contracts and the golden jacuzzis, lavish banquets, and- oh nevermind, I went too far there. Anyways, donations are accepted through credit cards or even Paypal. Thanks for your time.
KingGeorge53::ha      this is such a fail it's funny.
i liked this comment::.
spong3bobrox::Am I the only one that thinks Kyrie was taking WAY too many unneccesary shots?
Marrell69::spong3bobrox, no you are not the only one who noticed.  Many times, especially in the first half, he did not look to pass at all.
arunsports::yeah it would be a good combo with kyrie having two super athletic options in barnes and thompson, with also the big scorer in barnes too!
arunsports::we need harrison barnes to be his partner in crime, a dukie and tarheel, it could work!!!
KingGeorge53::Ha.   I never thought of it that way.     Sort of like a Wolverine and a Buckeye playing on the same team.
KingGeorge53::No.     He simply missed.    If we had some other options, I'd say yes.     As they team grows, so will he.   He'll figure it out and I don't think it's going to take too long.
Browns0423::Still cant believe Kyrie missed a chippy to win it.
JeremyAce4::I can.
ikedrk::the third step he took messed him up.
_Jimmer_Time_::I'm out. GL to both of these teams. GN and HNY all
redlobster57::from the crew of espn and me we wish you all a good night and a happy new year
_Jimmer_Time_::same to you
redlobster57::you to
KingGeorge53::Happy NY to you as well redlobster.
redlobster57::you to
yata9arasu::Same to you!  :)
redlobster57::hey king george are u still here
redlobster57::ok
redlobster57::have a good night
KingGeorge53::yes.     Was looking in on some other games.
Rsp2008::Nice job by Kyle
thelizrdking1971::There's no L in his name.....it's Kyrie, if that's who you're referring to
KingGeorge53::I think we all make mistakes.   I'm at the head of the class for that one.    However, Kyrie looks good so far.    Yes, he missed that bunny at the end.   However, with the D the Pacers had set up, when he busted through there it was like, "OMG I've got a layup" look on his face.    He should be fine.  The thing is with Kyrie.    ESPN and other media outlets try to set this guy up as LeBron's replacement.     he's not.   Cavs fans don't expect him to be.     We'd like to get back to team basketball.    Much like what you see with the Pacers and how they're going about building their team.     Tristan Thompson, the 4th overall pick is another piece of the puzzle.   Hopefully we draft well again in 2012.
thelizrdking1971::easy to do....not too many male names that start with Ky and not have an L following
KingGeorge53::I've made the same mistake at least 20 times since about a month before the draft.
_Jimmer_Time_::As long as the Heat aren't in the finals, I'm happy.
redlobster57::man i wish it can be the cavs
yata9arasu::All of the other teams had to draft right and build a team not just set up everyone's contracts to expire and get 3 All-Stars at the same time.  Anyone besides the Heat...
KingGeorge53::I realize you're trying to legitimize what LeBron did was okay when it wasn't.     Ask yourself this, "why did LeBron promise he'd never leave the CAvaliers until they won several championships?"     B/c he's a liar.  don't be surprised that he pulls a fast one on the Heat before too long.    He's done it before.
1 Wk At a Time::Well I guess so.  I'm sure lots of teams have done collusions before they just have not said anything about it.
KingGeorge53::You're trying to rewrite history there, if not you're missing several pieces to your story 1 wk at a time.     The difference is the big 2.5 met with Riley to discuss how this would all go down.   It was collusion.     Yes, the players did meet with those teams, but none of them were in the plans.
1 Wk At a Time::The Bulls signed Boozer last year.  He is still a star even though it seems he is declining I guess due to not playing with D. Williams.  If they didn't sign Booze they had the money and a chance to sign both Wade and Lebron at max.... A matter of fact they met with both, the same as Miami and the clippers and the Knicks.  The Heat built their team they did the same thing the Bulls did.  The Thunder on the other hand got the best draft picks and a great trade in Perkins but lost a good bit of offense losing green.  I think teams are going by history. The teams with at least 2 stars and good role players are likely to win the championship like the Lakers or in Dallas's case 7 total allstars (and former allstars)
yata9arasu::The Bulls built a team, the Thunder built a team.  It's not like they hoped they could get 3 Stars in one year to come to their city.
KingGeorge53::Norris Cole should do fine in a few years.    If he keeps working he'll make a very good Bo.obie Gibson look alike.   Too small to be a SG and not good enough to be a PG.    He had a good game while standing in the corner and taking uncontested open shots.   Good for him.   I wish him well.
1 Wk At a Time::So you are saying Miami didn't draft right and build a team?? Norris Cole sure looks good for a 1st round late draft pick up. They also got 3 good NBA players for 6 years.
thelizrdking1971::build a team....you mean like through Free agency and trades?
KingGeorge53::I'd like to see a team from the East make it that do it the right way.    The Bulls, The Pacers are a couple of examples.
1 Wk At a Time::That's what Miami did. I doubt Pat Riley knew what Wade and Lebron was thinking, but the Bulls, Knicks, Nets and Clippers had an opportunity to get the same 2 players had they had the money or more slick talking GM.
KingGeorge53::Building a team through the normal process.    FA, Drafting, Trades.    Not colluding for several years, deciding (with the teams president/GM) over how a team is built.
1 Wk At a Time::What the hell is the right way???
thelizrdking1971::the right way?
IndianaAllStar007::just a little recap of the game, good win pacers http://bajasports.wordpress.com/2011/12/30/pacers-prevail-in-overtime-to-improve-to-3-0/
redlobster57::um anybody here echo echo echo
redlobster57::i here something hey its jimmer
_Jimmer_Time_::<b>echo</b>
MissBikini::A win is a win, but getting taken to OT at home vs. the Cavs is nothing to write home about.
KingGeorge53::Byron Scott has this team playing with intensity.    It's the NBA where anything can happen.   Hey.    the Cavaliers beat the po.oppies out of the heat the last time they played.    Pacers are for real.
gettindatscrilla::Pacers finna win the championship tha bulls n heat are weak compared to KING GEORGE
KingGeorge53::You're learning.
TheKyrieShow::I'm shocked this went into OT. I thought the Cavs would get beat pretty good by the Pacers, who have a great roster this year. Solid effort though, Dan Gilbert was right. Kyrie makes that free throw and it is a different game. Go Cavs!
redlobster57::man no one plays runescape bummer
_Jimmer_Time_::http://www.rekotrill.com/?p=2003
yata9arasu::Since most of the trolls are gone...  Great game Pacers and good luck in the future!  Irving played great and will improve seeing as he is only 19!  Go Cavs!
KingGeorge53::... and with George Hill coming off the bench at the point, that's huge.
redlobster57::agree
KingGeorge53::I think a lot of people are under estimating this Pacers team again this season.     with Hibbert and West underneath... they'll be tough.
dogs::I hope the Pacers kill the Heat in their next matchup
KingGeorge53::I'd love to see it.
redlobster57::so who plays runescape here  anybody?
_Jimmer_Time_::Wade = Batman LeBron = Robin Bosh = Batgirl still the same
1 Wk At a Time::Maybe he has mental obstacles to get through to get back to that clutch.  That is a tough thing to overcome.  I remember when Nick Anderson in the 90's when he had 4 free throws to put the game away in the finals against the Rockets and missed all of them and that season he was an 81 % ft. shooter.  The next season he dropped in free throws and was shooting as bad as Shaq was.  So far Lebron isn't deferring that much in the 4th but he had mental demons to deal with from the time playoffs come.
Foshay1::lmao, touche. I've watched Lebron his whole career and i've seen his good in the playoffs(Cavs-Pistons 2007, Game 2 vs Orlando in 2009 game winner, huge shots vs Chicago and Boston in 2011) and bad(fail against Celtics in 2010 and Mavericks in 2011). I just  think he gets a bad rap even though he has come through in the clutch at times. People like to remember the bad with him a lot more than the good.
Foshay1::I do live in Ohio and did see a few of his games in HS as well. lol
KingGeorge53::I've been watching him play since his HS days.
Foshay1::cuz lebron play well for most of the game and then wade finishes when lebron is double teamed and need help at the end. in this case doesn't lebron=batman and wade=robin?
KingGeorge53::True.    LeBron is very good.    He shows up all year in the regular season then disappears for some reason.   But yes.   very good.   BUt so is Batgirl.    I mean she's hot.
Foshay1::I mean Lebron puts up great offense and defense all game. he has in every game this year. Wade comes in and helps finish at the end. ive always hated the lat couple seconds are all that matter argument. without great effort in the other 47 minutes, you have not final shot chance at all. that's what im saying.
KingGeorge53::teams also double team Wade.    To try to.    Wade is the finisher.     Bron is the "look at me".     so I see how you'd be confused.   He's most likely Batgirl.
Foshay1::this analogy confuses me because doesn't batman do most of the work and then robin comes in and helps at the end if batman is in trouble. robin sounds like the helper and batman does all the work to get to that point. just my thought.
1 Wk At a Time::He did do it on his own before.  I guess he got tired of it in Cleveland.
KingGeorge53::Why does it confuse you then.    James is simply a helper.    Too weak to do it on his own.
KingGeorge53::two and a half men should be able to win the east again and then fail in the PO again.
_Jimmer_Time_::Heat = bound to fail
WoodrowScott::Frank Vogel looks like a little toad
BillOntario_334.3::Have a splendid night   GO HEAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KingGeorge53::Best wishes to the Heat.   IF they had any fans, I'd say the same to them.
KingGeorge53::I like D Williams and he should end up playing or starting for some NBA team, but have you noticed the "Cavs should've drafted D Wiliams" people have died off?
yata9arasu::Completely agree KingGeorge.  They have good fans but the bandwagon fans are messing it up for the real fans.  I also noticed that James is not taking any shots at the end.  It is all Wade...
KingGeorge53::I really felt sorry for the real Heat fans.   There are some as I've had many a good conversation with them.   They detest what James has done to the team.    Making it a circus.     Trying to take the team away from Wade.     They also do NOT want James taking any shots at the end b/c they know it ends up in utter failure.    so that's why Dwade is taking all those shots this year.
_Jimmer_Time_::they do, but 90% are fake
redlobster57::you too GO cavs
_Jimmer_Time_::http://rekotrill.com/wp-content/gallery/miami-heat-fail-pictures/2qurn9u.jpg
BillOntario_334.3::Suck it Cavs fans (if there's any, LOL!)
BillOntario_334.3::4-0 &gt; 1-2  LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
