leerey14::Ny fans got mad and had to ban my account for 2 hours. Got smoked tonight, got what you deserve.
leerey14::Allen Iverson, best player the new york knicks have ever seen.
PhillyFlya::Refs     85 76ers   79
truesportfanman::Keep it up Philly, and hope the mustard's not off the hot dog so you can ream the heartless heat.
Travis Berger::Heat beat hawks without james or wade, we should be able to win without hawes. Wake up fellow 6er fans, we ain't making it past the 2nd round, haven't beat anyone with a winning record yet
kenny10454::UNFORTUNATELY I BEEN TO PHILLY AND NO OFFENSE TO TO THE NON-@SS WIPES IN HERE..BUT THAT PLACE IS A DUMP!! SO LETS NOT TALK!! AND TRAVIS IS THE ONLY SIXERS FAN IN HERE THAT SEEMS TO BE A REALIST AND KNOW WHAT HES TALKING ABOUT!!
Thetimpanikid16::that's why he gets respect!!
Travis Berger::Yeah, I not a sixers fan, a would claim that if it weren't true.
Travis Berger::Yeah, I not a sixers fan, a would claim that if it weren't true.
Travis Berger::Yeah, I not a sixers fan, a would claim that if it weren't true.
leerey14::oh wow take the high road i see way to be mature in a simple argument. Please do tell, why are there so many new york fans on this page at 1:40 pm? Must not be a lot of contributing members to society in new york, i imagine the jobless are overwhelming, no wonder it smells like rat $@%! in new york. Nothing but homeless and mouth breathers.
Thetimpanikid16::i'm 21 enjoying the rest of my winter break before going back to school thank you very much
Thetimpanikid16::lol actually leerey is right, you can't be a sixers fan unless you're a $@%!$@%!$.....
leerey14::and with the name travis berger your a clown. Go watch mtv, with your clown syndrome.
leerey14::Highly doubt your a sixers fan. Since your profile is the typical espn troll that shows no teams present and nothing at all on the page.
Travis Berger::Heat beat hawks without james or wade, we should be able to win without hawes. Wake up fellow 6er fans, we ain't making it past the 2nd round, haven't beat anyone with a winning record yet
mj8648::they have just beaten pacers (7-3) !!!!
Thetimpanikid16::I think the Sixers have the potential to be a good team. They're young so maybe not this year, but continue to build with some good veterans and the Sixers are back. I just wish fans would hone up to their losses and give credit to the Knicks for playing tough.
leerey14::Even with the blatant ref biasism last night sixers still would have won with hawes. Sad team, new york aint doing $@%! this year. REFS, homecourt, 3 straight games in 3 days, and an injury and they could only win by 6. $@%! team.
leerey14::Classic example of new york stupidity. ^ doesnt understand sarcasm.
Thetimpanikid16::well if it's meaningless then it didn't mean anything right? It didn't change the game? Maybe choose your words better next time? You're an idiot...
leerey14::Yeah but the double technical was completely meaningless. Alright im done, throwing in the towel, new york won because of refs, and new york fans continue to have down syndrome. Later clowns.
Thetimpanikid16::i mean you out scored us 9-5 after the flagrant. Seems like the momentum went back to Philly to me..
Thetimpanikid16::sorry, he made 1 of the 2 but the Knicks did not score on that possession afterwards and then Igoudala scored 5 unanswered....I'm sorry but your arguments are meaningless....
Thetimpanikid16::too bad Chandler missed the flagrant free throw....and the Knicks didn't score on that possession if I recall
leerey14::a technical and a flagrant is about what, a possible 10 point swing? Clearly nothing your absolutely right.
Thetimpanikid16::I mean you just said that any team without a star can't win. How do you explain the Sixers "7" wins? How do you decide who wins when two stars play each other? You're such an idiot. You make no sense and you can't back up anything. Go learn basketball before you make illegitimate comments.
leerey14::Maybe because your a new york fan and its biased enough so that you wouldnt believe it from the get go, just maybe?
Thetimpanikid16::and the same could be said about you....or any fan for that matter. Honestly, tell me that the game would be tied if you made the six free throws you missed....just answer that question...
leerey14::This is what you get with new york fans, cant find their way out of a paper bag. Bragging with a 6 point win when all these factors came into play. Again how can you brag about that which you didnt win and refs won for you?
Thetimpanikid16::how am I bragging?? I haven't said the Sixers suck and the Knicks are the greatest? Please....find a comment and tell me where I said the Sixers were terrible. I'm talking about you and how pathetic your comments are. They make no sense because you're the selfish idiot here. Learn the game.....
Thetimpanikid16::btw, only 1 more attempt from the Knicks....your "foul" theory is just dumb and you'll reply by calling me a clown. That's all your good for.
kenny10454::PHILLY FANS DONT KNOW WHAT THERE TALKING ABOUT!! ALWAYS AN EXCUSE!! MAN UP...YOU LOST..MOVE ON!! STOP CRYING ALREADY
Thetimpanikid16::really? Beacuse I'm pretty sure he's too strong for that entire team. So is Stat. A double technical decides the game??? MAKE 6 MORE FREE THROWS AND IT'S TIED. You're such an idiot...
leerey14::"Melo drives to the hoop, and he goes up and its a foul. The idiot NY fans go crazy." Happened at least 6 times last night. Your all clowns.
leerey14::Yeah because there wasnt a double technical or flagrant call that could have changed the game.........clown.
Thetimpanikid16::Knicks got called for more fouls than Philly and that includes at the end with those meaningless desperation fouls, Sixers missed 6 free throws. Oh guess what...that's the difference in the game. Quit making excuses and learn the game.
Thetimpanikid16::lol troll.....you know nothing
leerey14::Its amazing any team without a star can win in this league. This is why the nba is a joke, the double technical  bs changed the entire game, that call alone and the sixers would have won. Amazing to see so many trolls on espn that just have no clue about anything. How can you brag when the refs won the game for you? Wake the $@%! up clowns.
perrypete::double tech changed the nba?  too bad it has been a rule since the beginning of basketball!  nice try einstein!  this was a game of the two most classless sports cities!
Thetimpanikid16::uhhhh well one city way, way more than the other and every other for that matter....
leerey14::Yeah i know its easy to talk $@%! when your a fan of new york and didnt watch the game.
Thetimpanikid16::you're pathetic, leerey. You don't know anything about basketball or sports for that matter. One of the most underrated stats is free throw percentage. GUESS WHAT?? It was like 58 percent...come on now....free 15 foot shots? gotta make those or else you have no chance in any league...
Knickerbockers.MTA::I watched son... I watched your boys get held to 79 and lose.  Sorry, bro.
leerey14::This same BS happened in the playoffs against the heat last year, this is why the NBA has no parity, its just 5 or 6 good teams and the rest get $@%! on by the teams and refs. They literally have no chance. And the sixers were still blowing miami out in 3 of those games. The NBA continues to be nothing but a joke.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Hahah I can see that all you're here to do is cry so I'll leave you alone.  I tried to be civil and have a real conversation with you but you are like every other Philly fan  - ignorant and angry.  I would be too if I was a Philly fan.  Keep blaming those refs!
RickyBobby84::Sucks to be a Philly fan. -Eagles were a joke this season and Giants in the Playoffs.  -Flyers can't hang against the Rangers. -Now Sixers get beat by the Knicks.
RickyBobby84::Don't be confused, I am a NY native.  Yankees &gt;  Phillies Gains &gt; Eagles Rangers &gt; Flyers Knicks &gt; Sixers Jay Z  &gt; Will Smith Pizza  &gt; Cheestakes  Philly always a second rate sports city
Knickerbockers.MTA::Blame the refs... It's the easy way out.
leerey14::What makes this game even sadder is how they lost against the knicks, a team thats not gonna go anywhere, the only games they will win are when the refs play for them, just sad to lose to a team like that. Sixers are still the better team no doubt. Hopefully the sixers can get some biased refs at home, blow out by 20. New york fans have to be the dumbest on the planet.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Refs won the game?  No, our defense held you to under 80... That's what won us the game.  Try again.
leerey14::What are you on about, your teams a joke. Refs won the game, why are you here?
Knickerbockers.MTA::Come on now, I praised you for being a real Sixers fan and you go and post that nonsense?
leerey14::obvious troll fanboys are obvious.
leerey14::Sixers lost to utah because of lack of making free throws and a bs 3 point foul shot, and now they lost to ny because it was in new york and the knicks have carmelo, aka im getting all the calls and your gonna lose no matter what. $@%!$@% joke. Did you see that technical kid?
Papa_Pinero::LMAO ARE WE REALLY BALMING THE DOUBLE TECH FOR THAT LOST LEEREY14? IF I CAN RECALL WHEN TWO PLAYERS GET DOUBLE TECHS NOBODY SHOOTS FREE THROWS, SO HOW DID THAT CHANGE THE GAME? YOU GUYS ARE LUCKY WE EVEN TUNR THE BALL OVER 12 TIMES IN THE 4TH QUARTER, NOBODY WANNA TALK ABOUT THAT
Knickerbockers.MTA:::*(
leerey14::Lmfao hilarious. Okay im out, had enough of the clown syndrome on espn.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Yes, I saw it.  They were tied up, Melo was definitely more aggressive than Iguodala on that play, but they were tied up.  A double tech is called every time with that type of play. Iguodala wasn't innocent...
leerey14::look i know answering a question is like water to a cat to trolls. But did you or did you not see that technical? Simple question, one which im sure you wont answer and just say some clown response.
Knickerbockers.MTA::BTW, I applaud your support of the Sixers. I can tell you're a real fan. Ok, go ahead...
Knickerbockers.MTA::Melo got all the calls?  Put down the pipe for a second so we can have a legit conversation.  Did you even watch the game, son?  He was HACKED every possession by Iguodala.  You must be crazy.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Melo was assaulted every time he got the ball by your fake @$$ star.
wasted_101::hackinggggggggg
leerey14::Espn needs to make a fanboy filter, get sick of seeing garbage.
wasted_101::sixers were hacking melo,
TheAidenator::Why does everyone think melo is a top scorer. Yes he scores a lot. But he shoots a lot too. I mean he went 9 for 24 last night. Thats 38%. Anyone who shoots that much should have more points then he does
TheAidenator::whats his shooting % this year
Knickerbockers.MTA::He has better numbers than Durant this season and his shooting percentage is similar to Durant's.  Plus, he can get to the line whenver he wants and is 3rd in the league in scoring behind only LeBron and Kobe.  Need more?
wasted_101::since iman shumpert join the starting lineup knicks 4-0
Cool7boy2004::true that. his shot will improve give him 2 more years. but he might just be our best player defensively. he's got that body type to guard a wade or kobe
RickyBobby84::“He (Tyson Chandler) gives them a shot blocker, rebounder, tenacity. When they get Baron Davis healthy, they can be a real force." -Doug Collins on knicks.
Bob Turk::The Sixers are a young and upcoming team, no reason to dump on them.  The Knicks were suppose to be the team to beat. Give credit where credit is due.
mj8648::that ranking is based on weekly games....in 1 wk they played 4 games and dismantled all their opponents....that's why they became no. 1 offensively and defensively....it doesn't mean they will win the championship...it's a weekly based rating.....last week, of all the teams that played, sixers has the best winning numbers....that ranking is not a joke....it's based on numbers....do your homework...
Bob Turk::let him believe what he wants
Cool7boy2004::hollinger needs to change his formula or quit. is he really trying to tell me that minnesota is a better team then us there 3 spots higher in the rankings with a 3-6 record dayammmmm
wasted_101::are you sure about that. sixers are number 1 in hollinger rankings
Bob Turk::according to sports writers in the beginning of the season, the Knicks were the team. I am rooting for the Sixers all the way.
goalie1113::yeah and how many people take that seriously?!? even as a sixers fan, ill say the #1 overall ranking is a joke
wasted_101::sixer fans talking about there record, throw in the good teams you've won against
TheAidenator::People do realize that the knicks have a worse SOS then the sixers
goalie1113::no, but you play a lot more bad teams than you do good teams... whoever wins the games they SHOULD win will win the atlantic...   sounds to me like youre a bandwagon fan who's new to idea of a 'season'....
wasted_101::sixers motto just beat bad teams to hype the record up
goalie1113::how about NOT losing to bad teams, which NY has done?!? sixers are whipping them around and taking care of business.
goalie1113::sixers have lost to portland and the knicks, and played both teams tough. both on the ROAD nonetheless...... jeez, you bandwagon kids need to get a clue.
Knickerbockers.MTA::But losing to the good teams...
2175anthony greene::It's rediculous how no one other than knick fans want to give the knicks any credit when they do good but when they are struggling they now how to say what they are doing bad. It's pathetic that fake fans of the NBA just believe whatever the so called "Experts" tell them. Their favorite saying is the knicks don't play D when in reality they are a solid defensive team this year. Srry for venting but as a knicks fan the hate is so fustrating. Wrry about your own team and thee knicks will see ya come playoff time
Cool7boy2004::really cause i thought we were around 12th in points given up per game. throw out that ugly bobcats loss and we wayyyy higher than that
nycpratl::knicks are at or near the bottom nearly every defensive statistic in the league.  I've seen great defensive Knick teams (very long ago).  This is not one of them
2175anthony greene::What I said was when the knicks do things good and when they improve on things all other fans can do especially Sixer fans who just 10 games into the season are the cockiest fans ever, they don't talk about what they are doing good they always bring up what isn't good. Every team has their flaws but noone gets the hate that the knicks recieve daily just because of what you hear on t.v. Like when people say melo dosen't pass or play D when melo is doing both of those things really well but on these boards you never hear anyone say "Wow melo is playing some good D" no it's" melo isn't playing D that player just had an off nite. It is so aggravating. And how am i on a high horse??????? Im far from cocky
wasted_101::they got memphis, in okc is hard
Cool7boy2004::i sorry mephis
Cool7boy2004::well lose to okc somehow tonight but you watch were going to beat the $@%! out of OKC
wasted_101::but the knicks beat them, sixers have beat no good teams
Thetimpanikid16::so your underachieving statement makes you a hypocrite....
goalie1113::considering golden state crushed the knicks, i'd say thats a solid ROAD win (by 30 nonetheless).
2175anthony greene::both games without Iman who is a big game changer
wasted_101::show me good wins
goalie1113::ITS JANUARY! WE HAVE NO IDEA WHO IS/ISNT GOOD!  what i do know is that the knicks got crushed at golden state. sixers won there by 28 or something.... and the sixers crushed toronto by 35 (raptors BEAT the knicks!)
Cool7boy2004::they are afraid of what we could become playing defense like this. take it as a compliment
goalie1113::get off your high horse. the knicks have struggled this year, no way around that.... as of now, you guys are trailing the sixers in the division. do you want CREDIT for underachieving thus far?!?
Thetimpanikid16::under achieving 10 games into the season??? Let's not forget the Knicks beat Chicago and Miami twice last year in the regular season. The Knicks can and will compete with anyone if they continue to play the way they have been. Once you see Davis in the rotation, the liabilty that is named Toney Douglas will evaporate and you WILL see a very scary NY team. But it all comes from the defensive pressure we've seen. The more minutes Shump gets, the more likely the other team is to lose. The Sixers will not be winning the division. You'll probably see the Celtics come around eventually and I'm sorry but the way the Knicks have been playing, they look ready to take the next step. They've already beaten a tough Sixers team and a tough Celtics team. Give credit where it is due...or maybe you should learn the game, Goalie...
RickyBobby84::Knicks got more swagger than an Old Spice factory.
wasted_101::with a true pg on the floor knicks would of won by 20
mj8648::davis is worse!!!
dvincent99::Hawes is horrible.
wasted_101::hawes ahahahahah
goalie1113::baron davis hahaha
goalie1113::and with a true, dominant big man, the sixers wouldve won by 20... whats your point??
wasted_101::teams are 6-0 in back to back to backs, philly you lost
montoyrd::Melo is the most gifted scorer in the league
Cool7boy2004::prob both but damn igoudala should know better than to $@%! melo off he got spanked after that
Pusherman3::Most gifted scorer...or he just shoots a ton?
ThatSmartMonkey::76ers = still best team in the NBA. Fact. Any post disagreeing with this is false and shall be ignored.
Papa_Pinero::"carmelo getting heated with iggy tells me that the sixers have his and the knicks attention this year..."   CARMELO GOT HEATED WITH CHRIS SINGLETON TOO, DOES THAT MEAN THE WIZARDS HAVE THEIR ATTENTION TOO?
nycpratl::long way to go before you're even in the top 5.
nycpratl::Knicks had to have that win last night much more than Philly needed it. It'll be interesting to see how the rematch plays out.  Collins does a very good job of getting the most out of his team.  I think Philly has a more interesting future than the Knicks with the young talent and financial flexibility.  I wouldn't count Boston out just yet.  They have enough left in the tank to compete.  Not so sure my team (Knicks) as currently constructed will be in the mix for top spot in Atlantic.
goalie1113::carmelo getting heated with iggy tells me that the sixers have his and the knicks attention this year. sleep on the sixers if you want, but theyll be a 3-4 seed. the atlantic will come down to the knicks and sixers....
nycpratl::sixers have a nice core of young talent. should be around the middle of the pack in the east by season end.  you're galaxies away from miami, chicago, okc, lakers to name a few.  Portland and Utah already beat you.  As did the Knicks.  Losing to the Knicks brings you down a notch or two.  And I'm a Knick fan.
goalie1113::as of now, theyre tied for 4th OVERALL. and dont give me crap about a weak schedule, when everybody is beating everybody at this point in the season.
stone419::then you are going to have to ignore me, because i strongly disagree
stop the duck::sixers were just tired from 3 straight games they had no legs thus missing shots.....still only lost by 6 on an off nite thats impressive
mj8648::the reason knicks won is because of the referees!!! it's 8 against 5!!!
Papa_Pinero::LOOOOOL THE ONLY REASON WHY WE DIDNT EXPAND OUR LEAD EVEN MORE IS BECAUSE WE HAD 12 TURNOVERS IN THE 4TH QUARTER ALONE
stone419::yea, very impressive loss
kabokeyz::lmao.
Count_IT33::Philly only gets to play Washington 3 more times... after that you will be fighting the Nets for the basement in the Atlantic
leerey14::or bobcats.........
clintdelicious22::Haven't lost to teams like the Raptors though...
Count_IT33::For the lesser intelligent... meaning all of your wins have come against competition like Washington.... you have beat nobody.
John Claytons Combover::yup, Count_IT33 is officially the biggest dope on these boards.
crabbymacintosh::sixers havent played washington yet.
sgrudel788::they need a two guard Fields should be coming off the bench.
sgrudel788::Shumpert is gonna b backup point guard. he gotta learn how to shoot b4 he starts at 2 guard. besides he is a rook.
RickyBobby84::IMO, Iman will be the 2 guard once B-Davis is back, healthy and starting which won't be right away.  I agree that fields should be coming off the bench to help our second unit with defending and rebounding (2 things he is good at).
Dave34613::Another stellar shooting night for Carmelo I never saw a shot id turn down yo!
leerey14::9 out of what, 24? sounds real stellar, he woulda had 50% less points if he didnt get a foul called everytime he went to the hoop.
nycpratl::It's a financial equation.  He sells lots of tickets.  Knick ownership is neither competent nor committed to winning.
tahir939::sixers are still number 1 in power ranking they were coming off a 6 game winning streak it was about time for them to get a lose. knicks played just as flat as sixers and still haven't played as many games as us. sixers are still ahead in the atlantic division and it will stay that way for rest of season. theiy brag about newyork offence but last time i checked sixers are ahead of them in nearly every offensive category. go sixers
crabbymacintosh::and now its the medias fault that the knicks arent good enough?   All i see is excuses.
crabbymacintosh::Carmelo blew the expectations out of proportion all on his own with his crying circus in denver.  And they really seem to be missing him...
kenny10454::OFCOARSE YOUR AHEAD OF THE KNICKS!! AND OFCOARSE YOUR #'S ARE BETTER!! YOOOOUUUU HAAAVEEEENNNTTT PLAAAAAYYEEDDD OOOOORRR BEEEEAAAATTT AAAAANNNYYYYYOOOONNNNNEEEE GOOOOOOOOOD!
PAO2186::read the whole comment!!!
crabbymacintosh::"transition years" dont usually refer to teams with 2 of the top 10 guys in the nba
RickyBobby84::I think so, we gave up alot to get both those guys:  Melo - we gave up alot of great role players for him Stat - we gave him alot of uninsured money to get him  So the transition is for us to build a good team around him.  Best thing we did was sign Chandler and draft Iman as the 17th overvall pick (which he is looking like the steal of the draft).
PAO2186::People forget this was supposed to be a transition year to begin with, and in a way it still is. Expectations just went up cause of adding a real center to a team with previous deficits in defense and rebounding. And then this being new york the media and some fans blew the expectations out of proportion. No doubt in my mind if this team stays healthy they will content for a championship, but the odds of that contending being realistic come playoff time will get higher and higher with time as pieces get added and chemistry is found. Tell you what all those haters from other teams talking trash, im sure they wouldnt wanna see a healthy knicks team come playoffs, they will not be an easy out.
crabbymacintosh::Maybe youll get lucky with an easy first round draw in the playoffs, but carmelo is no more than vince carter and stef marbury ever were.  Great individual players who are too concerned with their own production to be a part of a championship team.    Carmelo is a dnagerous player, but the knicks are a more dangerous TEAM when he is off the floor.   They never should have given in and traded for him.  Hes a spoiled baby.
RickyBobby84::I think you'll see a different type of Melo going forward with his career as a Knick.  His assists and rebounds are going up while still scoring points.  Once we have a permanent solution at PG (probably won't happen till next season) this team will be a force in the east.  Melo's been shooting a low percentage to what he is used but players go in and out of shooting slumps all the time.  I remeber when Ray Allen was on fire in the playoffs then he couldn't hit a 3 to save his life.  But he got it going again so these things happen.
crabbymacintosh::It wont happen until they trade melo.
PAO2186::dude you focus on one situation. look at the stats when it comes to the end of a game. you make no sense and are quite ignorant. this is the last time im wasting my time answering imbeciles like you! i was having an educated basketball talk with RickyBobby84!! you focus on tiny things and base your whole argument on them. Troll
crabbymacintosh::You mean in the clutch when melo got rim blocked (followed by a no-call on an illegal timeout while falling out of bounds), and then airballed it?
PAO2186::no, it wont happen till they build chemistry, and get their legs nder them, and both melo and amare pass up dumb super contested shots for the open man. When the knicks started to blow leads down last night it was alot due to melo and amre taking it contested into the lane jammed with 3 or 4 guys or shooting over double teams, if that many guys are on you odds are theres a couple guys open on the perimeter somewhere, they gotta move the ball around. Part of it is alot of the guys arent knocking down open shots early on this season, hopefully that will change and melo and amare can build trust in their team mates. Part of it is that its just how melo and amare play, they need to tone it down. Itll never go aaway and it shouldnt cause in the clucth when they are needed they tend to make those tough shots. But they shouldnt have to be put in the clutch on a nightly basis and that could be taken care of with some ball movement. The defense has been far better than expected with a d'antonni team. overall im impressed with the progress, just gotta see more of it for success
crabbymacintosh::With amare, carmelo and tyson chandler they should be pretty damn close to a finished product
RickyBobby84::Close but not finished.  Chemistry takes time, look at the Heat from last year.  They started off failing to meet expectations than after a couple of months were hitting their stride.
PAO2186::not comparing the knicks to the heat or saying the knicks have three stars (tyson really isnt a star),  but when the heat came together especially with two of the best in the WORLD they didnt put a finished product on the floor right away. Took them a while...
RickyBobby84::10 games isn't enough time for any team to declare themselves as the best.  Good teams are playing bad, Bad teams are playing good.  Crazy upsets are happening across the league so let's hold off on all the trash talking until March when we will really know where all teams stand.  Knicks started off bad and are hitting their stride now, far from a finished product but we are on our way.
nycpratl::pre season wouldn't change the dynamic of this club. coach likes the fun part of the game; free flowing offense, lots of shots, lots of points.  No defense, no crunch time, half-court execution.  Doesn't have a PG who can run it. Top 2 guys are poor / non-defenders and a poor fit for coach's offensive scheme.  Moving Stoudamire makes the most sense given his knee history but can't see who would take on that big, uninsured contract.
RickyBobby84::To me the NBA is still in preseason mode.  Lots of teams made changes during the offseason and are still trying to gel and build chemistry.
PAO2186::now this guy is making sense!
crabbymacintosh::finally some sense in here.
kenny10454::By the way .. Its coming up on 40 years since the 76ers have been relavent in this league.. any sixers fan have anything planned for the anniversary??
mj8648::sixers is the third winningest team in nba behind celts and lakers...
leerey14::allen iverson is better then an new york knick ever. Troll.
PhiladelphiaMM::lol snowballs at santa.....I'm guessing you have never been to philly and get all of your info from espn? Sound about right?
crabbymacintosh::have fun watching your "stars" get knocked out of the playoffs in round one.    The knicks are supposed to beat the sixers. They are supposed to be one of the best teams in the nba with their 2 "superstars". The fact that you even feel the need to gloat about a 6 point win over one of the youngest teams in the league on your home floor, on the third night of their triple header only proves what a complete and utter failure the Knicks as a team and franchise are.   Im not mad at all.  But you should be.
kenny10454::i know more than you think.. including the fact that your upset that the KNICKS beat philly yesterday!! and thats as recent as it gets!!
kenny10454::ARE YOU MAD??? YOU GONNA CRY?? HIT ME WITH A SNOWBALL??
crabbymacintosh::you sound like a guy who has no real argument here except for dumb jokes and outdated meaningless references about a city, people, and sport you know nothing about
kenny10454::you sound like a philly fan!!!
crabbymacintosh::you cant say $@%! on here, so $@% clown convention
crabbymacintosh::congrats on being the keynote speakers at the $@%! convention this year.  Looks like you guys are gonna do great.
kenny10454::sports in philly sucks period!! i mean really!! who in the word besides idots in philly throw snowballs at santa!!!
crabbymacintosh::Jeff...when was that comment relevant?  The phillies dont play basketball
crabbymacintosh::you mean like the article about BASKETBALL?
kenny10454::i believe thats why he said "anything in philly" learn to read and understand!!
crabbymacintosh::you clearly know nothing about basketball.  The knicks have won nothing since 73.    The people watching the game have been more important than the people playing the game in NYC for....39 years  soooo....youre dumb
JeffSigmaChi::When's the last time ANYTHING in Philly was relevant? Even their 1 WS win is offset by over 10,000 losses, the most in MLB... And yeah, I know they won once or twice back in the dark ages, but we're talking recent.
kenny10454::no i mean really be relavant!! i mean so that anyone cares!!
crabbymacintosh::2001 finals dum dum
crabbymacintosh::76ers-- still better than the knicks.  a 6 point win at home against a cold-shooting, shorthanded team on the third night of a triple-header.  I dont really see how anyone could be impressed.    If melo spent as much time playing d as he spends whining about calls the knicks may actually win a playoff series one day
leerey14::hawes is playing the best in his career, averaging a double double.
crabbymacintosh::Annnnd i win.
stone419::nope, u and ur team lost
PAO2186::wins a win on to the next one, see you next time so i can run it in your face again.
PAO2186::you're an idiot
crabbymacintosh::at no point in your rambling response did you do anything more than tell me im making excuses only to make excuses of your own.
PAO2186::everything is explained above, dont worry its nice and simple too
crabbymacintosh::So its wrong to expect more out of a knicks team playing at home with two of the top 10 players in the league and one of the best defensive centers in basketball?
PAO2186::guess somebody realized they were wrong. nbd it happens
crabbymacintosh::i dont know, whyd you make one?
PAO2186::LOL why should i need an excuse they won!!
crabbymacintosh::opinons should generally be followed by reasons...  By your logic the knicks "getting sloppy" is nothing more than an excuse.
dreamer3kx::Excuses bro, Melo and Stat have been banged up, no excuses, take loses like a man.
PAO2186::finally someone else sees this guy is just makin excuses
PAO2186::wins a win, they are way ahead of where they were a week ago, they showed flashes of what they can do when they put philly down by 16 and 17 then they got sloppy. give it some time and a game like today against a short handed cold shooting game wont be so close.  and your comment seems like and excuse you declare 76ers better than knicks then go on to give an excuse then you say you arent impressed. a statement followed by a reason/excuse followed by an opinion. read your own comment.
crabbymacintosh::not an excuse at all.  Read the comment.   Im just saying im not the least bit impressed with the knicks, who are supposed to be competing for a championship but instead are ekeing out wins on their home floor against young, shorthanded teams who are playing their 5th game in 6 days.
kabokeyz::take your loss like a man. no excuses.
PAO2186::if they lose one guy and thats an excuse for losing that dont sound very good. every team has injuries, deal with it!
crabbymacintosh::starting center hawes.  We were left with a rookie and tony battie who has played like 8 minutes this season before last night.
PAO2186::how many guys were out for your team?
D43C::76ers are awesome
kenny10454::phoenix,sacramento,detroit,new orleans,toronto ,indiana and golden state.. does anyone know what thats a list of???
Cool7boy2004::we played boston too and beat em. they would beat philly easily
pabloandandrea::This $@% cracks me up. You know the Knicks have had an easier schedule than the Sixers so far, right?? Before last night, the Knicks had played only one good team, the Lakers, and lost. And they lost to the Warriors and the frickin Bobcats.
crabbymacintosh::indiana is a playoff team....
yanksjets398::No worse than a 5 seed too
kenny10454::YUP..so easy on the philly is a great team sixers fans..they are a good team..a 6 or 7 seed at best..but the fact that you guys are in first is a joke since you havent beat anyone good.. 3 loses knicks,utah, portland!! 3 playoff teams!!
McSorlee::I didn't but it was pretty easy to figure out. Sixer wins.
ohio herd::Great defense last night against a good team. Wait till we get our back court in place , we will be really good.
McSorlee::It's coming up on 4,000 days since the Knicks last playoff win. Anyone got anything special planned for the occasion?
JeffSigmaChi::Wow, no Sixer fans got mugged after the game going out for pizza by Knick fans. What a difference a REAL city makes!
leerey14::Yeah i know because its not like the case was dismissed or anything, and the guy wasnt from new jersey or anything. GL with the old people getting killed in elevators.
kenny10454::A win is a win weather its by 1 or by 20!! I do agree with you on shump..he need to pick and choose his shots. Knicks played really good D against a good team who was just blowing everyone out. Now the knicks still need some work but there coming along.
agoods03::So considering the sixers were ranked first on this past power ranking, I think the knicks deserve some credit.
agoods03::We held this good sixers team to 79, that's awesome IMO.
nycpratl::A win is a win but this Knick team still has a very long way to go.  They continue a troubling trend of wearing down during the game especially in the 4th quarter.  Sixers won the 2nd and 4th quarters and only lost the 3rd by a point.  Doesn't speak well of Knicks ability to close out strong.  Higher competence and stability ay PG would help a lot.  Shumpert needs to tone it down; that's a lot of shots taken to only make a third of them and 0 threes.  Unless and until Stoudamire and Anthony commit to consistently defending (a lot to hope for given their history) this team remains on the fringe.
CVILLE4LIFE76::not impressed by N.Y. two stars on the team and still very beatable
njkaplan::Who said the Knicks weren't beatable...they have 4 losses - so that means that 4 teams not named the Philadelphia 76ers have figured out how to beat them.  Better luck next time my good man.
CVILLE4LIFE76::bad shooting night ,gotta get hawes healthy,we just gon start another win streak.......see yall in philly
RickyBobby84::Do sixers fans understand that the Knicks just beat them without a legit PG.  We are beating teams w/out a stable backcourt, i can only imagine how we are going to play once B-Diddy and Iman play together.
JeffSigmaChi::We need Melo playing D more than we need him scoring. There are enough guys on the team that can score. Holding opponents below 86 points in the last 4 games is huge.
RickyBobby84::wow imagine how many points carmelo will score once he gets out of this shooting slump  BTW his defense, rebouding and assist are up this year.  Which is more important than his offense numbers.  Melo is giong HAM on this league this year.
kenny10454::A win is a win weather its by 1 or by 20!! and by the way since you wanna go there do you realize that the knicks were winning by almost 20 evin with melo,iman and chandler having a bad night??
allroy1313::did you watch the game? you realize that philly didn't have their starting center, right?  congrats on your 6-point victory and anthony's 27 points on 24 shots!  you probably think they'll be the next dream team once davis is playing.
njkaplan::Congrats on Philly being in first place by 1 game after 10 games during a shortened season.  There are several teams that are better than they are in the NBA right now...don't make excuses. Oh yeah and the Knicks beat you last night too.  I don't care if Melo had zero points and the Knicks won by one point on a buzzer beater.   If Amare sat with back problems and Philly ran away with it you'd be smack talking it all the way.  What is it with you Philly fans...I'll tell you  - you live 2 hours south of the worlds most exciting city and your city has been neglected with the exception of the historic parts that 5th graders visit on class trips.  You were once this country's capital and the forefathers took it away from you - and all these year's later you are still bitter
vplaskan1::BLOWOUT CITY!
MacolmX::Neeexxtt.
utep1313::NYK = awesome
Fendretti4::Philly played their normal game on defense...85 points. Didn't shoot very well at all. Losing by six on the road after playing that bad on offense...i think the sixers will be fine. In other news, carmelo is a joke
wasted_101::philly is a ok team, they have nobody who scares you that could take over a game
kenny10454::yeah but they havent played anyone good and when they have they have lost!! so whats your point.. nothing against philly but they got beat..so just give credit where its do and move on to the next game sore losers!!
wasted_101::by default
njkaplan::I'm afraid this is by default.  The Atlantic happens to be the NBA's weakest division - aging Celtics, the Nets, the perennial loser Knicks and the suddenly surging Sixers?  Come on.  And to say they still lead the division after 10 games by 1 game and to be proud of it  is a joke in itself.  Tha'ts like saying you're 4-0 and boasting that you may be having an undefeated season.  Plus, you just lost to a division rival.  Make all the excuses you want.  The Knicks have been perennial losers for years now...ummm...what happened?  Did the Knicks insult you by beating the Sixers?  I'm sure the Sixers will now go right back to blowing teams out by 16.  Don't think it's happening.  Your party just ended!!!
Korzagg::by better record
Korzagg::yet they still lead the AC
wasted_101::baron davis impact on the knicks will be better then hawes
MacolmX::Im sorry but.. who is hawed again?
wasted_101::hawes wasnt doing anything vs chandler
Korzagg::b/c we was out
Korzagg::Hawes is 3rd in the league in rebounding, that hard to top
wasted_101::philly fans complaining about fouls, melo was getting slapped on the arm and getting no calls
kenny10454::philly couldnt throw the ball in the ocean yesterday if they were standing on the beach..credit to the knicks defense!!
wasted_101::8 time wow should've been about 15, replays was shown him getting slapped on the arm
PAO2186::wouldn't have mattered their free throw shooting was not very good last night
Korzagg::and the replays also show that the sixer should have went to the line about 15-20 times, it was a shotty refed game but welcome to the NBA
Korzagg::Yet he went to the line 8 times
celticshater::i love how philly pretends like they care about basketball again when the team is really relevant for the first time since AI was in his prime. philly can be such a fairweather sports city sometimes.
Korzagg::ok but that not what you said, you said and I quote "i love how philly pretends like they care about basketball again when the team is really relevant for the first time since AI was in his prime. philly can be such a fairweather sports city sometimes."   you did not say the NBA or Pro basketball, just b/c this city does not follow a sixer team that was doomed b/c of ownership not caring does not mean the city does not care about basketball   and with the new ownership (that cares) youll see the city start to care again.
celticshater::philly is a great NFL, MLB and NHL town, but not a great NBA town to say the least.
celticshater::i am talkin' about the NBA, not college ball or street ball. everybody knows the popularity of the 4 major pro teams in philly goes like this: 1. eagles 2. phillies 3. flyers            4. sixers
Korzagg::Philadelphia is a HUGE basketball town, not always PRO basketball, ever heard of the Big 5, Sunny Hill or the Palestra
J-SMOOVE2015::Knicks need Baron Davis.
MNwildBB::I think the Knicks are a good team. The Sixers are a better team though, at least that's what it says up above.
allroy1313::no reply?
celticshater::are u really that dumb to think the sixers are a better team b/c they have a one game advantage over the knicks in the standings after only 10 games in the regular season?
Korzagg::since the 2000-2001 season  Sixers 452-459 7 playoffs Knicks 374-537 3 playoffs  And I thought the sixers sucked
whatsdoing::what has the sixers done since doc left?  answer: who cares? nobody currently on the team now was on the team then.  what matters now is head-to-head... Knicks are 1 vs sixers zero.
Korzagg::and what have the knicks or their coach done over the last 12 years to make us think they are for real?
MNwildBB::I was just looking at the standings. Isn't that how you determine what teams are better than the other ones? I mean a 7-3 record is better than a 6-4 record regardless of who won the game.
28NYjets::in what way? the knicks won
Korzagg::guess you didnt watch the game then, like I said before as much as the flyers got every call in the winter classic the kincks got every call tonight
giantnyfan10::crying about the refs come on....
Korzagg::The knicks and the refs beat a sixer team on their home floor without their big man and a sixer team playing 3 nights in a row and 6 of the last 8 days.  Don't think the knicks are better these 2 teams are equal and it will be a dogfight for the atlantic division
tommyspinelli::VOTE RON PAUL 2012!!!!
plummer047::talk all you want knicks fans, good win for you tonight. just know the 7-6 missed a lot of jumpers and layups they usually make. couldnt get lou goin and collins again took the ball out of jrues hands in the 4th quarter... you can call me whatever you want but you cant escape the fact that the sixers were playing for the 3rd straight day and didnt have their starting center. im not worried about the knicks. put them on equal playing fields then we can judge... i guess what im saying is, were good enough to not only beat but blowout teams like toronto, G state, and the bobcats
DJ D.ALI::Zip, ZIp Zip... Ahaaaaaa... NY ALL DAAAAAAAAAAAAY!!! Melo, Stat, Iman, B. Diddy and Ty C is Championship Bound!!!
allroy1313::sixers fans aren't the ones crowing about their team being finals-bound.
giantnyfan10::neither are the sixers
plummer047::again get real. your not getting close to the finals with that team this year
