obelisk1906::Landry fields should be donating his salary to charity. He can't blame this on Carmelo.
Looks good on u tho::Nothing like Milwaukee starting a 5 game west coast road trip .....  In Toronto.  WTF?
Looks good on u tho::Milwaukee Bucks vs. Los Angeles Lakers.  Two titans of the NBA each riding 1-game winning streaks.  The Unstoppable Force meets the Immoveable Object  Epic.
CubicleJoe::the bucks are not to be F-d with.
I Will Win 1978::I started using this online betting system thats called SportsBettingStar for the last 2 months now.  During that time, Ive been able to make $3K per month each month just by following the systems bets.
bdowden23@hotmail.com::It's weird to look at, but the Raptors had four guys score over 20 points, and the Bucks did not have a single 20 point scorer....Yet the Raptors lost by double digits. That just strikes me as odd.
84jwin3::The Raptors didn't show good statistics for the bench.
colby.conetta::ra dickey
72BrianX::Great game John Henson. I see the game is slowing down and your talent is starting to show. My Heels could sure use you Barnes n Butter right about now. Continue to develop. Great game Easy Ed Davis too......HEELS4LIFE!!!
67bien::raptors falling apart!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kjabeast4123::bucks sucks bulls better you kno
CandySparker::Nice Brand on Jennings!
Miller Park After Dark::prost!
derek_510::monta ellis needs to stop shooting threes, or at least be very conservative with that 3p shot.  has never been and still isn't a great 3point shooter, coming from a warriors fan.
MTNDEWWD55::tonight they were a combined 3-8 from three. 37.5% is not that bad
darenphill::agreed.  he's a chucker.   which drove Skiles insane alongside fellow chucker Jennings.
ball 5o hard::can the raptors please get some wins? way too many talented guys to just suck every night.  I don't get all their games but is jose calderon still doing nonsense with the ball?
arvinramroop::He's the key to our wins...
milw-jay::Our Jeckyl and Hyde Bucks  perform as expected, for once.    For you stat geeks, the Bucks have 10 wins over teams with winning records this year, but,  6  losses to teams with losing records.    Go figure...
colobr731::So they're about a .500 team... That actually makes perfect sense.
stevej2555::Good game Raptors fans. Knew this wouldn't be easy for either team. I'll assume that eagle and kobe are the minority of the fans. Keep it classy.
Once A Maize N Blue Always A Maize And Blue 1970::I started using this online betting system that's called called SportsBettingStar for the last couple of months now.  I was able to find this betting system on the first page of Google when looking up Sports Betting Systems.
nba is the worst::nice 4th Q, Bucks!
pmerlihan::Any bucks fans see a trade coming?  I hope jennings and monta stay together for at least the remainder of this season.
Doodzy4::Hammond should get his extension, for sure. Ellis should go to a perennial Playoff team like the Lakers, maybe Dallas
darenphill::If Hammond gets his contract extended, then absolutely, you'll see deals. He  will continue to build the roster and the salary cap in the way he likes it, and then seek a coach at the end of the year, who fits the roster and the Hammond philosophy. Hammond is still in his first GM job and learning...learning that he MUST have a coach with 100% agreement on personnel moves.   Hammond was doing his job properly: fixing the payroll situation and collecting the most valuable assets he could (Monta, Tobias, Ersan). Which was very often AT OODS with finding/keeping players to fit Skiles style of play (Bogut, tall point guards, tough perimeter D players like LRMAM).   If he doesn't get extended, Boylan will finish this out, develop the young players (Henson, Udoh, Sanders) and keep aging vets Dalembert/Gooden inactive. And then see what we have at season's end. In which case, Kohl will find a new GM, who will find a new Coach, and you will see WHOLESALE changes in the offseason.
Carmelloisfake::Rapters fans, who is a better fantasy pick up, ed davis or amir johnson? amir seems to be a beast, is he going to keep getting those minutes?
nba is the worst::davis
-FEARTHEDEER-::Even though you can never count any game as a win for the bucks their schedule is very manageable for the recent future.Lakers, phoenix, portland, philly, cleveland, golden state, and detroit.
supe540::This win offsets the Packer loss last night!
BeerGuy16::Sure does although Wisconsin football 2013 will be better
Milwaukee Bucks..::i agree. Badgers and Marquette winning also yesterday, helps me out to
KN_WisconsinFan::Matt Flynn sighting
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Alright, Great win today bucks! I liked how we didn't give up after being down huge early.  Let's go beat up on the Lakers on tuesday!  Go Bucks!
Milwaukee Bucks..::pce. GO BUCKS
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Russell Wilson should win Rookie of the year.
MTNDEWWD55::41% shooting 37% on threes 84% free throw 3.7 rebounds 5.8 assists 2.1 steals 18.5 points. If you look at Jennings stats in wins vs his stats in losses most of them are similiar with the exception of assists 7.1 in wins vs 4.4 in losses. His points are down slightly in losses but still in losses he is still averaging 16.2 points per game.
mjf131::And Brandon Jennings should make the All Star team but won't.
Milwaukee Bucks..::he should, but he wont
Milwaukee Bucks..::19-17, we just cant seem to get a solid winning streak going. Lakers phoenix and porland next for us. Maybe we take 2/3
gri400::count the lakers as a win for you :)
KN_WisconsinFan::My lord, Russell is so damn good.
Milwaukee Bucks..::making badgers fans proud
Eagle of Justice flies again::.
BeerGuy16::Must be a pissed off Bulls fan LOL
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Probably. Chicago is such a joke of a city
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Thanks for the class bro, see ya later
KN_WisconsinFan::wow
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Milwaukee Bucks.. no teams to root for in hockey ============================= I don't really root for a team regulary in hockey, but it's awesome to watch. I guess you can call me a bandwagon fan, i just kinda root for which NHL team is doing good, like this year im rooting for the Wild, since they got 2 really good players in Parise and Suter
gri400::hockey is still the best live sport IMO, i can't really get into it as much on TV as i do live, it's just something else..  Personally i think they wild will be average this year
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::I never have went to a live hockey game, but I plan to this year, or sometime soon. It would be pretty cool
gri400::thats true, the games are often tight for the most part, and leads can disappear really quick.   It's much different live though. I been to a bunch of games in many sports but hockey games always stand out as the best to go too
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Maybe, the thing about hockey, is you never know. Anyone could win
Milwaukee Bucks..::i would have to pick a team to root for in order to watch hockey. Thats just the way I am. I dont know enough about hockey though to pick a team
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Yeah, i understand. I was like that for a little bit, but i have really started to get into it
Milwaukee Bucks..::sad packers game last night but atleast the Bucks, Marquette and even the Badgers won this weekend
rinaldifam877::Dekker looks like he could be Dirk lite
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::He can be better then Dirk :)
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::I was at the Badgers game, they played just awesome! They dominated Illinois
Milwaukee Bucks..::yea up 20 at half
KN_WisconsinFan::It's still the big man that beats us up.
BeerGuy16::Toronto Blue Jays look legit this year but GO BReWers!!
gri400::hell ya they do, just need some depth arms and to run lind out of town.  I like keeping an eye on the brewers though, they'll be pretty decent this year IMO
Eagle of Justice flies again::Brewers will need Braun to share his PEDs with the rest of the team to contend this year
BeerGuy16::who stoled your blankie?
buckspackers23::Woohoo
rinaldifam877::Milb season is just around the corner
DR HORSE 2::105  wins  for the jays
gri400::at least
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::OH YEAH!  GO BREW CREW
gri400::blue jays! :)
Milwaukee Bucks..::brew crewwwwwwwwwwwwww
gri400::thank god
Eagle of Justice flies again::awful awful awful. Losing to a special needs team like the Bucks should get you thrown out of the NBA
rinaldifam877::Funny, I saw so many commercials for Milwaukee based Beer when I was watching the game...on Toronto's station...
Tommy72931::Did someone from Milwaukee steal your lunch money when you were a fat little kid?
DR HORSE 2::someone stole his milwaukee's best  beer
Milwaukee Bucks..::no teams to root for in hockey
DR HORSE 2::wild?
rinaldifam877::As long as the Blackhawks lose thats good, nothing like hearing their radio stations ....should have herd it during the NFL season...
Tommy72931::You're close enough to Chicago, aren't you?
Milwaukee Bucks..::i would never root for a chicago team
Br3tt11::Seven Nations Army time!
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Who's excited for NHL Season? YEEEAH!
19brom::not me
gri400::doing my fantasy hockey draft tonight :)
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::yeahhh nice man!
Richnigsby::Bucks outscored the Raptors 91-62 from the start of the 2nd quarter
Kobe Is Garbage::Canada has a garbage team, whats new?
gri400::fine with the loss (it happens, and the bucks are a better team) but this sucked. Bench was bad and the bucks made good adjustments.  Gotta give Amir credit though, he's killing his ankles in these games
Eagle of Justice flies again::cue Mr. silver lining.  another example of the culture of losing Toronto has built
gri400::lol
Milwaukee Bucks..::yea 42 minutes for him seems a little high though
gri400::no big man depth right now, bargs and jonas hurt and you cant keep ACY out there for too long.  Though bargs out helps the team
DR HORSE 2::2 and a half months till opening day
PK. SUBAN TRADED 2 THE LEAFS::mets &gt; jays
gri400::lol
Kobe Is Garbage::Loser teams with loser fans
Milwaukee Bucks..::to scared to show what team he roots for^
stevej2555::He's probably a Lakers fan, but trying to compensate for their suckiness by saying Kobe is garbage
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::The Bucks have a real shot to contend this year. I really like our team, and what we are doing Go Bucks!!!
Tommy72931::The Bucks have been great since Skiles was let go... Raps drop to 10-4 in last 14
Eagle of Justice flies again::ROFL
Eagle of Justice flies again::this is almost as bad as losing to the Brewers in baseball. Almost
BeerGuy16::Brewers are better than your team your point
Tommy72931::Bucks lead the league in players whose last name starts with UD.
missionman1752::Only thing that they are leading in
stevej2555::Wrong. Blocked Shots.
ignasm::This is why I say, Lowry needs to play with more energy and aggressiveness when he comes in off the bench
Br3tt11::Suban who the heck our you cheering for?
Kobe Is Garbage::Who cares about these 2 trash teams, they won't win anything
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Who do you cheer for?
Milwaukee Bucks..::i think we know that $@%!$@%
EL_ABALLARDE::Quincy is the 2nd best scorer from the bench, that's a lot to say.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::AA is the only bench player to make a field-goal.
gri400::and he wasnt good either
gri400::ACY is awesome to be fair, but yeah thats bad
PK. SUBAN TRADED 2 THE LEAFS::SO MANY BUTT HURTS HERE
