Kyle Miller::Celtics win this game easily. 2-14, here we come!
Kyle Miller::Me too. Jazz will win by 25.
Tony Ellis::Nice loss, Celtics. Way to go. Got a tough game coming up Tuesday, but we did manage to lose to Milwaukee at home last time, so hopefully we can do it again. We made up ground on Milwaukee and Utah today. Got a long way to go, though.
Tony Ellis::Gonna be tough against a 2-13 team, but I think the Celtics can pull out the loss tonight.
Goon GotCash Rob::Tank baby tank Wiggins here we come
Keith Ketcham::Celtics suck period!
Chelo Mejias::tonight they do
VansDose John Mu—oz Durano::c's
David Vaillette::Grammar Police Alert!    me∑di∑o∑cre : of moderate or low quality, value, ability, or performance :  ordinary, so-so.  Sorry Associated Press staff writer, The eastern conference is bad, not mediocre.
Ryan McGonigle::John Henson is starting tonight.. Smart move by Drew.. Henson is the one guy on The Bucks that could help save Drew's job..
Dustin Wagner::Drew is in his first season in a designated tank season, and has a 3 year deal.  Why would he lose his job when he is successfully tanking?
Chris Coates::Dustin Wagner I wish this year was a designated tank season, but aside from Herb Kohl and the upper administration who knows for sure if it is a tank year or not.  I kinda think it has been an accidental tank year so far due to injuries, etc.  Kohl did say he does not believe in tanking, but maybe that's just him trying to trick fans into filling the seats at the BC......nah I am definitely giving Ol' Man Kohl too much credit.
Ian K-wizzie::Henson is doing really well so far, which means he'll be put on the bench soon and won't see any more game time.
Chris Coates::You're comment angers me, but sadly I agree with you and appreciate the joke at the Bucks management's expense.
Timothy J. Casey::B Knight's balling. Let's see if he can keep it up.
Chelo Mejias::Jeff Green for 3!
Chris Coates::Even though I'm proudly riding on the tank train and want the team to lose as much as possible, I love that the young Bucks; Henson, Knight, Mayo and ESPECIALLY Giannis had good games.  Go young Bucks!  I hope Giannis gets more minutes in the near future after he performed well on his first +25 minute game.
Chelo Mejias::Well, i must say...the c's deserve this loss...i have seen teams at the YMCA play better than this....almost everything that couldve went wrong for the c's tonight...went wrong
John Martin::Chelo: But not at the YWCA at least.
John Martin::Life could be worse. You could be the Bucks PA announcer and have to say "basket by Giannis Antetokounmpo" all night.
Jeff Brown::C's biggest goal right now is to end up over .500 Nothing other than that going on this season.
Chelo Mejias::Why is Bogans playing???????????????????
Luke Thomas Johnson::Is ilyasova playing tonight?
Erik Void::nope.
Samuel Garrett::when the hell does it start?
Chelo Mejias::C's will win 93-85
Terry Johnson::is butler out
Thomas O'Neal::Gino time!
Kyle Carter McAuley::Go Celts!
