Arizona Sting::Wondering where all the Suns regular posters from ESPN went? Try Sports Hoopla Forums and search for the Phoenix forum. Lots of Suns fans over there with live game threads. It's weird at first but once you get used to it you'll get hooked. There are way less trolls there as well thanks to the mods. Head over there for basketball and football talk! GO SUNS GO!!    Here's the link, hope to see you join us! http://www.sportshoopla.com/forums/phoenix-suns/
Scott Carter::Suns first loss is comin right up
Barry Federovitch::Only a jerk smack talks the downtrodden
Brandon Albea::Barry Federovitch says the guy with the gayest profile pic of all time
Charles Cherry::OKC at the half....Westbrooks playing...
Jordan Sun::https://www.change.org/en-AU/petitions/nba-league-pass-show-less-repetitive-commercials-during-breaks#intro For paying NBA League Pass subscribers, watching just one NBA game will subject is to seeing the same commercial up to 50 times. Currently the "BIG is NBA" commercial featuring "Let it shine" seems to be shown at least once, sometimes up to 3 times PER BREAK. That includes all time outs. That particular commercial was shown 4 times in the time it has taken to type this information.  This is making the viewing experience almost unbearable. We are already paid subscribers, we do not need to be exposed to advertising for the NBA itself, as we are clearly already fans.  This petition is to request that the NBA remove commercials from breaks, and simply show the "game break" screen, in silence.
Jim Diveley::I expect losses but this is why so many people feel the NBA is rigged.  When Donoughy was busted you knew he wasn't the only one.  Not surprised why the NBA's officiating is so poor, especially with the referee in the worst positing seem to call it.  Either way it is what it is & the Suns are far more competitive than people realized.  Cannot turn the ball over 24 x's & expect to win on the road against a Title contending team like the Thunder.  Live & Learn!
Will Schmitz::Please join my fantasy league! Anyone and everyone is welcome! Draft is tonight at 11:30pm ET. Link to league is below.  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=290494  Thank you in advance.
Daniel Haba::So am I the only one that noticed Westbrook went 5-16 shooting and had 4 turnovers? I'm trying to figure out where he was so amazing...ESPN just loves hyping him and Derrick Rose, despite their average play so far.
Chris Blair::Westbrook has been back for what 1 game? He shot badly but was regularly getting to the line. Can't compare him and Rose. Westbrook isnt coming back after a year off to heal his injury, There is a chance it might take him a few weeks to get back to normal. Rose on the other hand has no excuse. He took the year off so he could comeback fully healthy with no issues, and just hasnt produced.
Ayn Bland::5 of 16, but he drew an awful lot of triple teams leaving others open.  If he's so average then why do defenses respect him?
Daniel Tuggle::That was a clean  Block Gerald Green on Kevin Durant he pinned his shot on the glass... the Refs gave Durant the benefit because its Durant...but that's bs if your Gerald Green
Justin McElhaney::he touched the ball as it hit the backboard..ie= goaltending
Don Simpson::Westbrook goes 5-16 from the field, he's definitely back, good as ever!!
Kevin Orro::Damn ref cost the Suns the game. Derek Fisher got sooooo lucky on that steal. SUNS4EVER!!
Justin McElhaney::refs costed the Suns the game....your funny..the Suns lost because their offense is horrific..18 points in the paint compared to OKCs 46...Suns 3s are what kept them in the game,42 of their 96 points came from 3s while OKC had only 2 three's...refs costed the Suns the game...give me a break...
Kevin Hsu::Justin McElhaney *cost
Kevin Orro::Justin McElhaney Who was 2-0 before this game? who is 4th in the west after this game? The SUNS!! Asswipe
Justin McElhaney::3s are the only thing keeping the Suns in this game
Clay Davis::Anyone see Dragic's injury? Any news on it?
Justin McElhaney::looked like he rolled his ankle....
Adam Rodriguez::Bledsoe is better than westbrook!
Matt Borba::False by a long shot.
Adam Rodriguez::Bledsoe is looking like the allstar he should be go suns!
Vega YT::okc is shit without harden
Shawn Bento::you know nothing about basketball - glad we got that out of the way early
Brandon Duenas::bledsoe is a beast, damn
John Osaki Jr.::Another big game by Kevin Durant. If you are a big-time Durant fan, check out his awesome chapter in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Justin McElhaney::great win...the bench scored 35 points and the fact that they did it with the return of Westbrook looks like OKC is ready to roll..and Westbrooks performance dismisses Rose's excuse of being rusty......
Justin McElhaney::42 of Suns 96 points came from beyond the ark and OKC had only 2 3s and the fact that the Suns had only 18 points in the paint compared to OKCs 46 means the Suns have a very bad offense...
Brandon Duenas::or they just have no bigs...
Hans Christian Zambales::Dumb analysis, what do you expect from a team with a mediocre center(Plumlee) and a 3 point shooting back up center(frye), plus alex len stll recovering from his injuries. They have to score like that and not pretend to be an inside threat.
Stefon Catalina::Was Westbrook's old roommate Kevin Love telling him, "Yeah dude, totally come back early from a major injury early. It won't come back to haunt you."
H.r. Rearden::Great to see Wesbrook back!  With stars like Rose and Wesbrook back on the court, makes for more interesting race at the top of the conferences..
Rick Olson::THUNDER!!!  THUNDER!!!  THUNDER BUDDIES!!!!!  HOOOOOOOOO!!!!!   (Thundercats)...for all you oldcats.
Justin McElhaney::Westbrook with 17 points 6 assists and 4 reb...Westbrook getting it done and looking better then before his injury....
Rick Olson::I love these two when they playing together!!  Huge BULLS FAN here..but I got SOME love for OKC!!....keeping it real
Hans Christian Zambales::Gonna be a nightmare game for the Suns since we don't have anybody who can guard durant, lets hope the Suns can out hustle and out run them. Lets go Suns!
Cam Perry::westbrook playing tonight too
