JLinNASA::NBA is rigged.  YouTube actual game footages of fake calls.  It was upsetting and sad.   I predict not one, not two, not three but multiple championships. -David Stern
RayNy2ATL::So a stress fracture from 7 years ago is still affecting Thomas? I dont agree with not bringing in someone else but i will still support them.
tungcn2010::melo shoots less than 20 shots = Knicks win. Notice how every other Knicks shoots better when melo doesn't attempt as many shots.
Queen88022::Boring!
Lebroncouldcareless::835 COMMENTS WOW!!!!  LMAO   LMAO!!!!!!!!!!
fokman::yep... Knicks won and Melo looked good so the Trolls stay away
tungcn2010::It's the Knicks' fans losing interest
Lebroncouldcareless::LEBRON IS NOT IMPRESSED!!
SRQisLegend::The Knicks are garbage  Zero chance of winning the championship
NygAndNykFanAllDay::SRQisLegend - The Knicks are garbage  Zero chance of winning the championship  ur mom is garbage zero chance of pleasing me!
Rigged Game::"How the Denver Nuggets became the NY Thuggets"  A Basket Ball-Opera By:  <b> Carmelo Anthony Kenyon Martin J.R. Smith Marcus Camby Ray Felton</b>
jtru001::Lets focus on getting healthy and do work Knicks!
Big package 9::Knock knock.. Who's there?.......Brooklyn that's who
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::LOL BK is a joke.  Just about every one of our starters has been hurt and we're still ahead of them.
Big package 9::40 wins ain't no joke skippy.   Oh wait nicks only have 40 wins.... You are a joke :-)
OmniVersal::Nice to have Melo back. Wouldn't be surprised to see him go on a tear like the beginning of the season now that his knee will be better.
bookproof::we knick fans are hippocrites. we have been whining about iso ball the last two weeks and what does anthony do his first 10 seconds back in the lineup he heaves a three with a guy on him. he makes it and we celebrate and talk about how great a scorer he is. his decision to shoot was terrible and we ignore it. this type of basket ball will not win the big games. any one who believes so is lying to themselves.
onlyavoice57::Be Nice To Knick Fans They Can't Help it If Their Team Won At Least 6 Championships In November. Wait Until Next Season, They'll Be The 1st Preseason NBA Champions. Go Nuggets
onlyavoice57::Vegas &amp; NBA Fans Give The Nuggets Better Odds Of Making The Conference Finals  Than The Knicks. Probably Because Everyone Seen This Knicks Team Who used To Be Nuggets Play Before.
G-Man_XLII::Chicken Nuggets will be out of the playoffs in no time. Stay tuned for a disappointment.
dayda77::WOW!!!!!!  MELO HAS MIRACULOUSLY "RECOVERED" FROM HIS KNEE INJURY??? THIS GUY IS BIGGEST COWARD EVER.  IF THEY WERE 20 POINTS UP ON NUGGETS INSTEAD OF DOWN-- NO WAY HE LEAVES FOR LOCKER ROOM.  WHAT A TOTAL FAKER.  JUST A TOTAL JOKE.  THIS TEAM IS GOING NOWHERE IN THE PLAYOFFS.  DO YOU PEOPLE FORGET THAT THE WORST GAME OF THE ROAD-TRIP, MELO AND ANTHONY BOTH PLAYED?  AND THEY LOST BY 29 TO THE WARRIORS-- 92-63.  THIS TEAM IS A JOKE.
NygAndNykFanAllDay::I guess the xrays are a joke to??
Inzley32::hahahahha Melo and Anthony?
whatsdoing::who is Melo...... and Anthony?  you sound a little deranged...IMO.  dayda77 - WOW!!!!!!  MELO HAS MIRACULOUSLY "RECOVERED" FROM HIS KNEE INJURY??? THIS GUY IS BIGGEST COWARD EVER.  IF THEY WERE 20 POINTS UP ON NUGGETS INSTEAD OF DOWN-- NO WAY HE LEAVES FOR LOCKER ROOM.  WHAT A TOTAL FAKER.  JUST A TOTAL JOKE.  THIS TEAM IS GOING NOWHERE IN THE PLAYOFFS.  DO YOU PEOPLE FORGET THAT THE WORST GAME OF THE ROAD-TRIP, MELO AND ANTHONY BOTH PLAYED?  AND THEY LOST BY 29 TO THE WARRIORS-- 92-63.  THIS TEAM IS A JOKE.
whatsdoing::Arome...LOL
Kassom69::I think he means Melo and Arome.
inityminiwur::Reports of the Knicks demise have been greatly exaggerated. Melo's back and I think the Knicks are peaking at the right time. Once Chandler comes back, they will make a lot of noise in the playoffs. Heat better watch out.
onlyavoice57::Peaking, lol What Knicks Team Have You Been Watching
pdiddy0622::I honestly can not tell if u r joking or being sarcastic o wat meng. And 'Heat better watch out'? Be real dude, come on. I bet ur fellow knick fans are annoyed u stirring isht up dumas
OmniVersal::Why are Heat fans constantly on Knicks boards? Are you that obsessed about the Knicks to support your own team?
youngjt240::Melo 33 min and didnt play the 4th way to watch the mins woodson coming back from an knee injury
Calvin9299::Good to see Carmelo feeling a bit better.  The Knicks will need all the horses in order to hold off the Nets.   Unfortunately, I'm of the mind that Miami will come out of the East.  As much as I like the Knicks, Miami is on a whole different level.
bklynnets2012::Everytime my Nets is about to pass New York Nuggets, you guys win. Come on guys! can we have the atlantic division?
whatsdoing::no...... next question.
jack frrom the titanic::Nuggets are 14 games better than the Knicks since the Carmelo deal and they play in a tougher division....dolan you idiot
dmdpro::none of the players on the nuggets were on the team with melo you cant say they are better without him only ty lawson is left from that groi[
whatsdoing::of course I can.... for example: how did mcghee get on the nuggets?  it was the nene` trade.  Knicks didn't have any commodities left after the Melo trade.  but Knicks had to get Melo as STAT insurance AND who the hell wanted Melo to go to the nets which also could have happend.
whatsdoing::jack you are an idiot.... the nuggets had the better players before the trade so it is not so far fetched.   anyway the nuggets and the Knicks have accomplished eactly the same thing since the trade which is nothing.  what are you so happy about?
whatsdoing::as a matter of fact I am more than happy to have Melo as a Knick.... what would have happend without Melo after Amare went down? .......exactly.
thebiglebongski::its not just the melo trade. people like george karl, ty lawson, and andre miller are big xfactors
Need4Speed95::The chemistry has gotten better and better as Melo stays with the Knicks.  Stop talking nonsense.  So many other factors involved.  Another fool that just talks without thinking.  But hey, whatever makes you sleep better.
ttooom22::nugget fans love usssssssssssssssssss
BigPhilly517::I don't understand how nobody signed Kenyon Martin. What a gift for the Knicks.
bklynnets2012::Oh how i miss the Kidd to Kenyon Martin alley oop days!
jack frrom the titanic::Knicks need to trade for Juan Howard and Jermain Oneal to complete the all time NY Kgeezers team
tomBabauts::Didn't know NYK had a game tonight.
jack frrom the titanic::Knicks future never looked so bright now
ttooom22::you love staying on the old guys sack.  you must like those sticky wrinkly nuts!
jack frrom the titanic::Yea, Knicks said wait 3 years until we get out of cap space jam and they gave us this?
cheatcharito123::NY is an average team
cheatcharito123::NY would be lucky to get 8th seed in the West. what a joke.
BigPhilly517::You could say the same thing about every team in the East other than Miami
2524thomas::yeah because 40 wins is such a joke!!!..lol
Nayrock10::???
Nayrock10::NBA is wwf  lol
Nayrock10::So happy tonight that melo back but please take care of iman
mark48424::Lopez is averaging the highest point total of any center in the league and the Magic fans are so stupid..and their GM...they say no thanks. LMAO!!!!!!
Telkalynn3013::I think his issue is more about wanting Howard than Orlando being crazy enough to take an injury prone center over a younger one with more potential.
Gabriel Night::He's so awesome but doesn't want him on his team...hmmm
C-Tom::Magic must be doing something right if we have haters. lol
Telkalynn3013::The Magic got more than just one player and I'd rather have Harkless and Vuch with upside than Lopez who's reached his potential.
Gabriel Night::Try efficiency per dollar
whatsdoing::and lopez has bad feet..... bad feet are terrible things to bet $15 million dollars per year on.
OPENLYUGLY::NOT GOOD when your backup Center has more ASSISTS than your Starting POINT GUARD at a 4-1 RATIO!
Gabriel Night::No one is saying Nelson is an awesome PG, but he is still top 10 in assists/game. It's not like he has superstars to take the pressure off of him. How is Nash doing with Kobe and Howard?  I'm not even saying he is better than Beno, but get off his back already. It is REALLY old.
OPENLYUGLY::Nelson -24, Udrih +12! HELLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Moboto44::The NBA is the closest thing to the WWE..
Moboto44::The NBA is the closest thing to the WWE
Dino__Spumoni::????
Moboto44::.....
Moboto44::Coach have to sit Nelson for the rest of the season and play Beno, Lamb and Etwan.
Elton7323::yup hope he can control afflalo's shot selection.
jameshunt1754::When do the refs and league feel like they have done enough for the heat. I mean, my god, how many games do they need to be helped in winning. I wouldn't mind or hate them so bad if they did anything on their own. Averaging almost 20 more free throws than opposing teams is more than rediculous
Need4Speed95::Oh the haters are running out of excuses.
Gabriel Night::Try looking at the stats. Miami is +1.4 in FT differential (+0.7 made). Still high in the league but nothing crazy like the Lakers.
OPENLYUGLY::AMAZING ISN'T IT?
Moboto44::Refs. where the six man for the Heat in the Heat vs Magic's.
mark48424::Brook Lopez with 38 now...way to go, Magic. How about that Harkless?
Telkalynn3013::I don't believe anyone on the Magic or who's a Magic fan care we didn't get Lopez.  You can keep him.
OPENLYUGLY::Lopez only averages SEVEN REBOUNDS! NO THANKS!
mark48424::waht an idiot.
Gabriel Night::Lopez 14m Harkless AND Vucevic = 3.4m
Mr Calogero::WTF? The Knicks won? Wow.
BigPhilly517::Yeah it's not like they win over 60% of the time or anything.
Mr Calogero::It's actually 61% if you round,
pdiddy0622::Miami heat streak plowing thru an arena near u!
matthaddow::yeah the heat suck, thats why they are the champs and are on the second longest streak in NBA history. I'm also a Knicks fan, so I'm unbiased.
GeorgeTownDC29::Heat suck could barely beat a tanking team w/o their 2 best players
camorse250::Great to see Patrick Ewing on the Knix post game, he is a true Knick &amp; should be on the coaching staff!
baffig::the heat robbed clev i mean refs
mark48424::Are Magic fans really this stupid? REALLY? The Trailblazers and Bobcats offered Brook Lopez a max contract and he re-signed with the Nets. If you didnt want him...you could have traded him to either one of those teams for more picks and which ever players you wanted. You act like you would be stuck with Lopez. Multiple teams would take him off your hands...You could have got Lilliard for Lopez from the Trailblazers. You see Lilliard, Magic fans?
Navy Squid45::Mark just don't your makin your self look stupid
Gabriel Night::If Lopez turned down max contracts what makes you think he is worth anything in a trade to those same teams? Teams typically expect the player to stay with them before they offer up anything good.
Elton7323::vucevic&gt;brook lopez plus he greatest bargain in the league for his output and money. so go back under ur bridge ur losing ur own argument.
Elton7323::u fail, u try to correct my grammer when u cant even put a apostrophe in youre, lmao.
mark48424::still an idiot...congrats..you cant even spell quiet
Elton7323::stats dont lie buddy so be quite
mark48424::youre an idiot
phunky58::drew did in 19 mins wat it took harris and harkless 30+ mins to do,  cmon coach
Gabriel Night::What is with the A.N. cheerleading seriously?
ToTheTop220::Ive made about $3,000 a month on average over the last 2 months now by following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  When I found this site, it was on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
ToTheTop220::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.   I hope this post helps anyone out there that might be looking for an easy way to make extra income like I was.
Rick Grimes.::great to see pat ewing at the postgame.
retnav65::I have a feeling the Heat's winning streak will come back to the Knicks on April 2. I don't think the Bulls or Spurs will beat them. They'll get up for both of those games and want to send a message to both of them. We should have Tyson back and with a new found physicality in the frontcourt, K-mart, that game should be interesting. Heat fans will say no one can beat them, but I look at it as, we have played better than them for 10 out of 12 quarters this year. The last game we played wasn't decided until the last minute. Even though that game is in Miami, I think the Knicks will get up for that game and pull out a win!!!
baffig::wallace stat shump chandler thomas best injured team in nba
mark48424::Orlando GM is the worse in the NBA. He was so stubborn...he didnt take the Nets deal out of pride. He should be fired for that. Brook Lopez tonight...32 points in the 3rd so far against Dallas....and Lopez hasnt even hit his prime yet. Also Orlando would have got Marshon Brooks and two 1st round picks. LMAO...Orlando should be contracted and kicked out of the NBA.
Gabriel Night::Uh
cflip37::It wasn't out of pride, their rebuilding and needed the cap space Brook Lopez is good but isn't a game changer and has a 60 mill contract how are you suppose to build around that with hardly any cap. Not only that those picks would of been late round picks. They got good long term prospects in Vuceivc and Harkless on cheap contracts. He knows what he doing he's gathering cap and assets.
Elton7323::who would pay a injury prone center that much money plus we would be in cap trouble and their picks would be useless since we got more than 2 picks so go back under ur bridge.
Moboto44::mark48424 - youre an idiot...get use to 20-25 wins seasons for the next 5 years  Talking about idiot's.
Elton7323::lol the look at that idiot who like his own posts lol, just be quite everyone knows ur a joke.
mark48424::youre an idiot...get use to 20-25 wins seasons for the next 5 years
