k3d333::if Danny keeps it together the Celtics win the East.  Sticking by it.
phunky58::someone got to tell me what is wrong with this portland team.   they have such a good team and they keep losing i just cant understand it
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
GBM04::suck
Dwayne_Johnson23::yo momma
GBM04::Now way a young team like Portland should lose to Boston.
Shaun0088::Its funny how win The Celtics win the other team is young and inexpierenced and when Boston loses the Celtics are "Old".
Dwayne_Johnson23::That's your logic?  haha moron
SuperMN215::Aldridge is a joke a 6'11 PF With his athletic ability and strength and in 32mins he only gets 4 REBOUNDS!
phunky58::2nd best behind love
phunky58::dont hate on aldridge thats shows a lack of basketball knowledge.  he the 2nd best forward we have.  watch some portland games he sure as hell has a post game too
ken0746::he has not post game. How do you get rebounds when you play 18ft away from the basket
Shaun0088::You dont.
EpicPicks::Kurt Thomas still plays?!??!
Lebrons giant forehead::FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL BLAZERS!
J-SMOOVE2030::ACCORDING TO SOURCES, THE HAWKS ARE GOING TO RENT DWIGHT HOWARD.  HAWKS GET: DWIGHT HOWARD, HEDO TURKOGLU  MAGIC GET: JEFF TEAGUE, JOE JOHNSON, AL HORFORD, 2 1ST RD PICKS
YodaSucks::Celtics fans: Do you believe that the celtics should make a trade before the deadline? (if so who goes?) or just wait this season out?
k3d333::i dont think Gasol is any thing long term so why not just keep Garnett who is playing better than Gasol this season.  The the thing is this.  if your willing to trade then that may mean u dont think u can win it this year but then with the same logic, why not just keep it together and see what happens.  team is under the cap at seasons end with expiring contracts so why not just wait instead of making a short term solution like Gasol which wont help more than KG would anyway.  doesnt make sense to me.  and the way the celtics played last night, I think the playoffs could be had.  the playoffs do not have back to back games like the season does and the celtics would be far more rested.  they wont have games like they did in philly.
Shaun0088::Kevin Garnett and Marquis Daniels for Pau Gasol and a 2nd round pick..Some might call me stupid by saying this but Gasol or as I call him Gas Oil is only 31 years old and can REBOUND the ball!Hes pretty good although he playing on the team I hate the most.The Celtics dont need a PG or even another PF like Gas Oil We need a Center obviously but Gas Oil can score and rebound (Something we need badily).Yet Danny Ainge doesn't seem to even want to adress the needs of this team.  Another deal some might call me crazy for is Ray Allen (Who is soon to retire) for J.J. Redick from Oralndo.Redick is young and can score.Reddick could probally come off of the bench so Avery Bradley and E'Twaun Moore could get some much needed playing time.Plus if Bradley is playing SG that would probally be good for him since thats his natural position.
Syrindge::I call him Gasshole
PortlandBlazers1004::<b>Wallace, Felton, Crawford for Pau! Do it! Do it!<b></b></b>
Dadsterbug::Another Blazer loss with Eddie Rush.  Well...that aint news is it!
Mrlonghornfan123::Boston needs Perkins back for one last title run. They lost all toughness in the middle when he left
Flop City::Wow. Boston beat another non playoff team. lol
bosoxkid11::i was at the game and i caught LMA's towel!
Kobelies247::Thats when the lights went out in PORTLAND!!!
Kobelies247::Portland gets blown out by the celts yet the kings are beating dallas by 20? WTF
I Am Kim Kardashian::Dang Portland, what happened? Blame the coach or players?
Kobelies247::Blame Brandon Roy!  Not only did he get Miller shipped out of portland he suckered the blazers out of 82mill!!!
ken0746::i thought he was Portland's savior....oh wait, that was Greg Oden
marting260::haha the knicks baords blowing up..there all mad
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::why?
hcjaq::The Celtics had a great run with the big three, but the bill is about to come due.
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::the sixers had a great run with... oh wait they havent in my lifetime
marting260::finally
marting260::old geezers
Christmas Kitteh::Wow the C's are bad, must suck to be a Boughtston fan right about now!   Bosox collapse and get dismantled, then you have Papelbon pissing on the organization from Philly; Patriots get eviscerated by the New York Giants AGAIN; and the Bruins are going nowhere fast!
PutOnTheFoil::where do you get your facts from? "eviscerated?" A 4 point win in the final minute is far from "eviscerated". ANd the Bruins are Stanley Cup Champions. Unlike the Rangers who probably didn't follow until this year
hcjaq::Hey Celtic fans, the road is calling for your team to step out of the Garden.  And its gonna be painful.  Come back to Philly real soon.
hcjaq::Get out the brooms cause the old guys can't hang.
CosmoKramer1444::We owned you in the 80s and we own you now.    Call me when the Sixers win it.
hcjaq::Each time the C's play the sixers this year it is the second game of a back to back for them.  Can you say sweep?
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::so you are saying the sixers can only beat the celtics because its the second game of a back to back?
Jthizz69::celtics 5-10 on the road. blazers 5-14. hmm, celts are a better road team than this one today. Philly feasts on easy teams, they can't hang with the good ones
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::when was the last time the sixers were even good.. im pretty sure most people forgot they were still a team
falseprophet2012::wow we got a Philly tough guy here after one game? call me when the Sixers win a championship. your parents probably dont even remember that one.
falseprophet2012::How about those Knicks?
BlazerSully::At least their pathetic media can't blame Lin on this loss.  Nice numbers once again for him.  Why they dont get rid of Carmel (yes, intentionaly mispelled) Anthony is anybodys guess.
Christmas Kitteh::Carmel holy crap that is so incredibly hilarious &amp; creative of you!    YAWN
Ultras South::Knicks will always be the Knicks. 0 playoff wins since 2001. Last title was in 1973. FACT! Reality had to set in at some point.
BlazerSully::Holy F'uc, can we please end the Fat Felton experiment?  It's a failure.  Ship his sorry a.zz, Wallce, Oden and Crawford off for some draft picks or something.  This is the worst Blazer team they've put out since the pre Roy years.  START OVER!
BlazerSully::Kobelies, the differance between you and me is I'm still a fan whether they suck or not. I can recognize when they have made bad management positions and need to go in a new direction.  I just don't sit on here 24/7 and trash the team. You're a bandwagon fan that comes on here and trashes them all the time.  What are you 12?
champbeantown::Keep Aldridge and ship the rest, as strange as it may sound  I am a Celtics fan preaching keeping Rondo and shipping the rest...imagine if Aldridge and Rondo where on the same team...not a bad start.
Kobelies247::lol damn!
falseprophet2012::in other news how did the Thunder lose to the Cavs? lol.
Zarlbane28::Why do so many people hate the blazers so much, they haven't won a title since 77 and haven't really been all that good since the early to mid 90's?
ken0746::cuz Blazers fans talked tons of trash...and always "next year"
Zarlbane28::Normally teams don't get the kind of heat that portland gets unless they have either a gob load of championships or are dominating everyone.
apodpora12::They've been good for the past few years but i think what you meant by good was being title contenders
champbeantown::It's not hate, it's pity.
apodpora12::I think the sell-outs at the Rose Garden are going to come to an end
shval60::won't end because the blazers buy all unsold tickets before each game, so they can call it a sellout.  Been going on for years
chisoldier::Hey Celtic fans, what do you think is a fair return for Ray Allen if Chicago called?
YodaSucks::scalabrine, straight up
Mrlonghornfan123::draft picks arent worth that much unless they are top 20 protected. its not like the nfl. anyone who rebounds lol
obxguy1::agree, boston need to start stockpiling up the draft picks
champbeantown::1st round pick please. I would have to check the roster for anything that would be more valuable.
Soxwin91::enjoy your fantasy land while it last, Sucktic fans. If this farce of a NBA franchise makes it to the playoffs this year they'll be curb stomped very quickly.
champbeantown::The franchise is solid, if you question that you have no credibility. This team having any chance of winning it all this year?...no way.
KHayes666::Don't feed the troll.....especially one that supports a Larry Lucchino team
falseprophet2012::this farce NBA franchise? The Celtics are the one of the most successful sports teams in all of the big four sports. All the other teams in the region have a long way to go to match the Celtics.
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::you realize you are insulting the same fanbase that follows the other three teams you like right?
roymullins::sub .500 Portland... a song just for you...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A
TAAAM91::Here come the big bad Celtics! Last season they started great and faded at the finish. Now we're gonna finish strong down this stretch when it matters. And be rested in the playoffs.
TAAAM91::That may be true, but the Celtics are starting to develop their own transition game with Rondo, Moore, Bradley, Pietrus, Dooling and even Pavlovic. If they can continue improving with these players, along with the aging superstars, theres no reason to think they can't give the Heat a run for there money.
KHayes666::Bulls maybe, certainly not the Heat. Celtics are too old and slow to catch the Heat in transition
TAAAM91::You got it all wrong Soxwin. Doc and the boys have a strategy when it comes to this regular season. They don't care if they get a top seed. If this team is healthy and rested they can contend with the Heat and Bulls.
Soxwin91::and then they'll get curb stomped by the Bulls or Heat.
KHayes666::You're right, there's no beer or chicken in the Celtics locker room
Soxwin91::what in the holy name of $@%! does the Red Sox have to do with the Celtics
Kobe 62 Mavs 61::Haven't the Sox had 2 successful seasons in the last 100 years? Move along man.
Kobelies247::Its going to be a REAL quiet night in blazer land tonight.......  Oh wait, Its been quiet for years hahahahahaha!!!!!
Kobelies247::Ya dude its pretty sad around portland...  But its still better then being a laker fan :D
ken0746::why, cuz they're used to the taste of championship parades??? When was the last time Blazers fan been to one of those??
Kobe 62 Mavs 61::Rip City! lol  Seriously, Blazers have the worst luck of any recent NBA franchise though.
KHayes666::Imagine of Oden leaves and starts playing good like when Sam Bowie went to the Nets?
Soxwin91::wow ESPN the Celtics "look like NBA contenders again"? REALLY? Did someone blow up every other NBA team? what the $@%! is this. The celtics couldn't beat 5 random senior citizens from the nursing home I volunteer at. They SUCK. They are AWFUL. And I absolutely LOVE it. I want the Celtics to be the trash of Boston. I want  the Celtics to get swept under the rug. $@%! the Celtics. That Kevin Garnett trade was sneaky and underhanded and Ainge should have been investigated for that, but the NBA is fixed and that moron David Stern wanted the Sucktics to be relevant again so he ignored the fact that the Celtics gave up a pile of trash for KEVIN GARNETT. and the GM of the other team happened to be Ainge's BEST FRIEND!!!!!
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::and i dont think he really volunteers at a nursing home
KHayes666::He vollunteers for shock treatment
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::i think someone on the celtics slept with this dudes wife
Chick Hearn rolling over in his grave::probably Delonte West slept with his mom.
Soxwin91::no lol.
Vancouver Turtles Dive Team::are you not married because one of them slept with your wife?
Soxwin91::that's an interesting theory considering I'm not married.   no, that's not it. at all. I just detest the NBA. I've never liked the Celtics. I hated the Celtics when they were a perennial 20 win joke, I detested them during their sudden and very suspicious return to glory, and now that they're on their way back down I feel no different.
falseprophet2012::Sox Win youre a moron. I dont know if Larry bird raped you as a child, but how does one who supports the other three local teams develop so much hate for the Celtics? the most successful team in the city.
KHayes666::Its very common actually. I had a co-worker around my age who's a diehard Yankees fan but loves the Celtics, Bruins and Patriots. I also have an older co-worker who's a diehard Dolphins fans but loves the Sox, Celtics and Bruins.   Its possible to have malcontents in the city through one reason or another.
Kobelies247::I am crazy for being a blazer fan...
Kobe 62 Mavs 61::He just wants to be different.
Soxwin91::they got teabagged by the $@%!$@% 76ers the other night. doing the same to the Trailblazers--who might be worse than 5 random senior citizens, some of the Seniors at the nursing home I volunteer at got some serious game--means nothing.
Kobe 62 Mavs 61::Weird to say that after they beat a team convincingly.  You aren't very smart.
Kobe 62 Mavs 61::Well, to be fair, he said something about them not being able to beat senior citizens, lol.  Blazers suck all of a sudden, but they are still an NBA team.  By the way, caps lock makes you seem crazy, lol.
Kobelies247::It was the blazers!!  WAKE UP
Andy Devendorf::Check out <strong>http://www.hoopsgrind.com</strong> for detailed basketball commentary and predictions from today's games.
GBM04::The Celtics can only beat bad teams.
Kobelies247::Portland cant even beat bad teams anymore! Yes, ITS THAT BAD HERE IN PORTLAND!
falseprophet2012::Magic, Pacers, Bulls and Linsanity think otherwise.
KHayes666::Linsanity was undrafted for a reason. Typical New York media overhype....Knicks and Lin aren't that good
rajonMVProndo::The big 3 is in their last year together and it's going to be special. One more run for #18
PutOnTheFoil::they were 4 points and 100 freethrows away from #18 in 2010
aztigen29::as long as they're in the playoffs there's a chance...
KHayes666::Unless they trade Jermaine O'Neal and half the scrubs for Dwight Howard it ain't gonna happen.
GBM04::Not gonna happen.
L.T._Dave_Meggett_Prison_H.O.F.::I'd Love to see it but its going to be tough.
champbeantown::In honor of Paul I will tell the truth: As a Celtics fan the best thing for the team is to blow it up and get whatever they can for Ray and Paul. Hold on to Rondo and build around him. Tank the second half of the season for a better draft pick. Bottom line is the Celtics have no shot to win this year, no center = no championship.
PutOnTheFoil::PP deserves to retire in a green #34 jersey
KHayes666::Hell no.  Allen, KG and O'Neal can be dealt but not Pierce. He can still go and he and Rondo along with Bass, Wilcox and Green (he'll be back next year) could certainly use 2 new superstars (hopefully landing Howard in free agency and a diamond in the draft)
rajonMVProndo::Listen..... If the Celtics don't win the divison then I completley agree with you. The Boston Celtics are the most dangerous team to play in the NBA if they are healthy. Besides the center position the Celtics are a matchup nightmare at every position(If Garnett keeps playing like this then I am going to take it back) If the Celtics are the 4 seed they will obviously advance to the next round and then hopefully Miami is #1 seed and not Chicago because the big 3 have a history of eliminating Lebron James. Remember the run they made in 2010? Well it's going to happen in 2012
champbeantown::I respect your dedication as a fan, 100%, I mean it. I bleed green too. But if you really want a shot at winning banner 18, we need to blow this team up now while there is still value.
falseprophet2012::I dont agree. I think they should wait until the end of the year and just play it out. they have plenty of money to rebuild after the season ends.
champbeantown::Draft picks. Ray and Paul have real value. I know it sucks to admit the facts but what is best for the team is to trade them.
falseprophet2012::who can the Celtics get right now that would have a major impact right away? aside from Dwight, no one available right now will make them a contender or change a thing. they have a better shot with the current lineup in my opinion. Its still a small chance, but no change will impact enough to change their shot at the championship.
champbeantown::I've been preaching the facts from day1 of the season.
falseprophet2012::that sounds like a bandwagon mentality to me, the team struggles a little, just blow it up. I dont buy that garbage. We cant get anything right now, so we might as well play out the season.
champbeantown::Once you accept that they have no shot to win it this year you have to do what is best for the future, period. BLOW IT UP.
L.T._Dave_Meggett_Prison_H.O.F.::If not the Celtics, I just want to see some team totally humiliate the Lakers!  No Mercy!
ken0746::like how the Lakers humiliated Blazers earlier?? 7 pts in one quarter, your team made history
falseprophet2012::Celtics catching up on the Hawks, JSmoove must be in panic mode.
falseprophet2012::yeah but the next two against Philly are also the second night of back to backs. its gonna be tough, but im sure they will play better than wednesday night.
rajonMVProndo::If Celts win the division they should be fine.... I know they got killed by Philly but it was a back-back road game for the Celtics which they can't win(0-6) this year and Philly played hard after losing 6 out of 8
rajonMVProndo::NBA finals what I would like to see: Celtics vs Lakers but what it's going to be: Heat vs Thunder
PutOnTheFoil::as long as the world sees that Durant is better than LeBron I am all good
CardiacCat20::But... he's not...
KashMunee::pimping aint easy... but the Tics sure make look like it is
22Young Money::Heat vs Thunder in the finals its a lock Thoughts?
falseprophet2012::no, I dont think so, It could definitely happen, but no one predicted Dallas getting there last year. I can see one of those teams making it but not both.
22Young Money::the spurs/heat maybe
falseprophet2012::How often does the matchup everyone predicts occur? not very.
22Young Money::yeah NFL and college football the greatest...im kinda excited about the Miami Marlins too
champbeantown::NBA = Joke. It's what we do to pass the time before baseball and the only real sport in the world, NFL football.
22Young Money::NBA startin to look more like Fifa ya feel with all these tiddly wink fouls
champbeantown::Don't forget the refs, and the fact that the NBA is on the decline. I buy a thunder heat final all day.
champbeantown::Can't disagree...and I want to watch it.
22Young Money::yeah it gonna be good
PortlandBlazers1004::So I noticed today there are still poster/pictures/whateveryoucallthem of Roy and Oden on the Rose Garden......
jafuesser4::Yeah, there is. Roy is next to LA over by the max station and Oden is still in the only place anyone has ever seen him in a blazers uni. In a picture on the Rose Garden.
Calioyo::no there isnt.  i live right across the river.
Calioyo::5 turnovers and 4 assists, another Gem of a performance from the Fat point guard.  Way to go coach Nate, keep starting that guy
crcampbell999::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VTMOGglEjA
comedy2424::Ray Allen on Comcast sports network talking about the win against portland. boston has won 6 of their last 7 maybe just maybe their gonna make a big run http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k
JDyNaStY24xX::Portland aint makin the playoffs
Kobelies247::lol
PortlandBlazers1004::If we don't get rid of Nate, I don't know how much longer I'll be able to suffer through this. And I even stuck around through the JailBlazers era.
Calioyo::yeah he is really bad
Calioyo::Please fire your coach Portland, he has completely lost the team and all credibility.
JB_Smoove_My_Sources::management is bad too
PortlandBlazers1004::Aldridge doesn't look good? Wrong We should get rid of everyone but Aldridge, Batum, and E.Williams.
Calioyo::kinda sad in DT Portland, use to have a giant mural of Roy, Oden, and Aldridge outside the Rose Garden, now its just a picture of Aldridge haha.
22Young Money::yeah i guess the oden pick didnt work out too well
Calioyo::no, they totally fell apart.  No Roy, No Oden, Aldridge doesnt even look that great lately.  Time to start dumping contracts, fire the coach, and try to get some picks.
22Young Money::Arent they rebuilding now?
Calioyo::to a point now where they should trade Aldridge for picks, start rebuilding again.
JB_Smoove_My_Sources::The only game I can see Boston losing on this road trip is  none of them.  Thoughts?  .
22Young Money::they too old to do that man cmon now
JB_Smoove_My_Sources::have faith brotha
