Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Harden could compete for most valuable player.  Now Omer should get MIP for sure!
SUPERKING_22::It is great to see Harden playing so brilliantly. Nonetheless, what if Harden got injured like D Rose, what would be the alternative solution for Houston ? The Bulls have still maintained thier leading position in their conference so far this season depsite having no service of Rose. Could Houston do the same thing ?
Dezagcoog::No of course not, cause we're not in the Eastern conference. We actually have to worry about Memphis, Dallas, San Antonio, and even the Hornets in our division. Can you in any way compare those to the Cavs, Bucks, Pistons, and Pacers? C'mon. You're comparing apples and oranges here.
Dezagcoog::sorry, the Pelicans.
sk0dawgs::...hornets?
Dezagcoog::Harden Joining Elite Company From Elias: James Harden had another stellar performance for the Rockets, scoring 35 points, grabbing seven rebounds and handing out 11 assists. This follows a game in which he scored 36 points with 12 rebounds and seven assists. Only three other active players had back-to-back games with at least 35 points, seven rebounds and seven assists in their careers: LeBron James did it several times, Dwyane Wade (Feb./Mar. 2009) and Kobe Bryant (December 2006).
Dezagcoog::Yeah no this guy isn't a superstar....LOLOLOL
tungcn2010::Harden's PER jumps a whole pt after last night's game.
mack8432::Harden is similar to Paul Pierce. Great pick-up for the Rockets if it works out that way.
NDFRockets18::I know you're complimenting Harden but it kinda offends me. At least for me I wouldn't want Pierce to be the first person Harden is compared to
nbafanatic69::Shouldn't your PG (Lin) always lead the team in assists?  I'm seeing Harden lead in assists in many games.  Is that a reflection on Lin's play or is it simply cuz Harden is just that incredible?
SUPERKING_22::The coaching staff doesn't trust Lin anymore for sure due to Lin's inconsistent performance earlier of the season. Now no matter how hard Lin tries his work will be cut out due to limited playing time. I am afraid Lin will be traded in next summer.
pistol111847::Harden plays a lot more minutes than Lin and runs the offense when Lin is out. In the game yesterday Harden played 38 minutes and Lin only 26 although he was playing well. McHale has a bug up his $@% when it comes to Lin (as a lot of posters do)
Lorenzomax7::Lin would average 9 AST right then after you pair him with a star Forward or star Center.
Lorenzomax7::Give you a clue: whenever Lin pass the ball to Asik, Asik either miss it or gets fouled. Many of Lin's passes were leading to foul-plays.
Dezagcoog::Even though you're just here to troll, I'll answer. Nope. Do you ask the same thing to the Heat and the Bulls from the 90's...didn't think so.
Dezagcoog::If i was replying to you then I would have hit reply, I was answering the original question.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::False, Harden *is* that incredible.  what games have YOU been watching if any?? :)
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::harden is becoming that incredible fitting into his new role as leader and instigator..Lin is so busy stirring the pot of keeping rockets offense high octane that he sometimes doesnt have the ball during those assists moments..sometimes he does and he gets 6 a game but right now, he is running the offense and bringing the ball up as fast as he can ...
Dezagcoog::THIS is a reply to you...not everything is about you
Devilgrad66::I don't remember who OC got for Harden, but they sure made a huge mistake with that trade
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I agree, Kevin Martin is solely a 3 point specialist and that can help or hurt you depending on how close a game is at the end or in overtime etc..any critical situation where both offense AND defense is needed
CBass1317::Sometimes I think OKC fans are a bit spoiled ... just thinking all-star players grow on trees.  You guys scooped 4 incredible guys in as many years.  That is unusual and will be impossible to repeat.  Nothing else matters.  You KEEP those guys.  The Cap will be busted as it is, so the move was about saving tax dollars.  Considering how much fan support the team has, that is kind of BS.
Maniacpkt::I'm not saying he isn't, but his game overlapped with Westbrook and Durants.  With him gone, their games have vastly improved, and so has Ibaka's.
CBass1317::OKC is still a very, very good team; but you are downright blind / in denial if you think getting rid of Harden HELPS the Thunder.  So backwards.  The guy is a complete stud.
Maniacpkt::Martin is extremely happy in OKC and i would bet he would sign for less next year on a short contract.  so OKC might have filled a scorer off the bench for the limited future
Maniacpkt::that is all the thunder need him for.  Harden's departure has allowed Ibaka's game to grow, westbrook's assists are back up, and Durant is playing better than ever.  A team can only have so many stars and still flourish
CBass1317::plus Martin is about 30.  They could have paired Durant, West, Ibaka, and Harden for ten years.  I think the oldest of them is 24?
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::but OKC was already a playoff team so you have to evaluate all OKC's trades during the playoffs..unless you think regular season andplayoffs are the same thing:)
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::harden wasn't performing as a leader as he is now so totally different harden now..harden has to lead so all his performance is better..even defense now!
Maniacpkt::I'd say it was Fair.  Houston got better in the deal, OKC got better in the deal.  I'm willing to admit that Houston improved more than OKC did, but i don't think they necessarily won the trade
Dezagcoog::You're confusing the situations. Pure player 2 player we easily won. Situation vs situation it's essentially equal but i'd say we won. Going from 14th pick eternally to second round.
CBass1317::Perk is making like 9-11 mil per, right?  Other trades were available to bring in sufficient replacement at a fraction of the cost.  He will be gone or re-sign for a quarter of that in another year anyway.  You NEVER trade an all-star for less in the NBA unless he is a psycho head case - NEVER.  And Harden is the opposite of a head case.
Maniacpkt::we shed perk, we are left with Thabeet and Aldrich in the middle, and that isn't going to cut it.  Perk may not put up the stats, but he is valuable to OKC.
CBass1317::That is not true.  He was willing to play for the max they could offer considering they already had two guys on max deals.  OKC offered him 11 mil less.  Grantland did a piece immediately after the deal explaining how they could have shed Perk, paid tax and kept him.  The fans sell out the arena every night, management will get to cash in on revenue from at least 3 playoff series each season for the foreseeable future.  They would have still been profitable while giving the fans the best product possible.  Instead, trade away one of the best players in the league for 50 cents on the dollar.  SMH.  Cheap.
Maniacpkt::OKC fans understand that cuts will have to be made.  Apparently he didn't buy into the OKC mantra of sacrifice, so it's see ya later and good luck
CBass1317::Houston got the best 2 guard in the league - a guy who will probably be 1st team all NBA at some point, and make like 10 all-star games.  OKC is still winning, but Houston EASILY got the better part of the deal.  OKC management is cheap.  Considering Harden wanted to stay, is a good teammate, fan favorite, good citizen, etc. I'd be pretty mad if I was a Thunder fan.
Maniacpkt::I'm not saying harden isn't better now, because he is.  All i'm saying is that is was a fair trade, as it made both teams better.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::OKC got ripped..you saw the weakness of kevin martin defensively and that will be exaggerated in the playoffs
Dezagcoog::You have obviously not watched them both play. No it won't be like Harden's, it will be much worse...
Maniacpkt::lol, like Harden got exposed defensively in the playoffs?
Pain No Love::I believe it was Kevin Martin, Jeremy Lamb, 2 1st round picks, and 2 second round picks.
Maniacpkt::I've seen his numbers, they are quite good.  but they aren't Durant or Lebron type numbers yet
Dezagcoog::Have you seen his numbers? Obviously you're not going to understand how big of a player this guy is. And until you see that you're not going to understand how big of a trade this was for a team stuck in mediocrity vs for a team at the top....TTYL
Maniacpkt::Potential MVP?  you are getting a little ahead of yourself there.  Thunder have proven to be wise with draft picks, whether used as trade pieces or drafting good young talent.
Dezagcoog::high draft picks don't compare to a potential MVP candidate. Sorry. Even when you add them to an old pure scorer and a kid which at this point is simply potential and still isn't getting ANY playing time?? no sorry. We win that scenario.
Maniacpkt::In active players, yes, houston got the best player.  but the draft picks, lamb, and martin also set OKC for future success
Dezagcoog::Now if you don't include the need of shedding payroll that they filled and just compare player to players trade we won EASILY. If you don't see that then you know nothing of basketball.
Dezagcoog::And we got a superstar potential MVP candidate for scraps. They filled needs of shedding payroll and we went from missing playoffs to at least second round in two years....again I agree they got what they needed and did the right thing, but we got the better end.
Maniacpkt::Houston didn't get ripped off, they got a star player to build around for the future.  that kind of thing is priceless.  But i wouldn't say that houston got it better.  OKC is in the exact same position it was in last year.  Martin doesn't have to fill Harden's role, he just has to score points
Dezagcoog::Maniacpkt - 1 second round pick, i believe.  it worked out well for OKC, as well, so it wasn't a bad trade.  OKC shed the contracts of Cook, Aldrich, and Hayward for one expiring contract and a rookie.  fair enough, it has worked out for OKC but we definitely got the better end of that bargain.
Maniacpkt::1 second round pick, i believe.  it worked out well for OKC, as well, so it wasn't a bad trade.  OKC shed the contracts of Cook, Aldrich, and Hayward for one expiring contract and a rookie.
moncindy007::I believe Jeremy Lin has hurt his ankle or foot again.  He was limping to the bench in the 4 qtr.  Did anybody see that or just me?
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::his ankle is just sore from a spraign in practice but you saw how he performed.. young legs(and ankles(, I suppose!! good news!
Lorenzomax7::nah his just fine.
69durango::Portland and Houston both have very good starting fives and weak benches.  Both have promising futures.
Dezagcoog::Better starting 5 and better bench, both not by a lot though.
Lorenzomax7::Houston has a much better bench.
Brighton And Hove Albion::C Parsons - M.I.P??
tempest_ejs::He's  the glue guy
inityminiwur::Glad to see the Rockets not falling into a spiral after a loss. Usually, young teams go into losing streaks because they start doubting themselves. The coaching staffs must've done a good job in keeping these young players' heads up.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Lin and Harden and the character of all their young guys is a level above normal or regular..
Dawan208::Good point and I agree.  I don't ever see big egos on this team just playing good as a team!!!
remy 88::BEARD
letsgoknicks6464::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-o5LWcNg9LI
letsgoknicks6464::Life is good :\
m_gunners::3 away games for Rockets before playoffs...Kings,Warriors and Clippers.They absolutely need to win the KIngs...Warriors will be out for blood after the humiliation and Paul and full squad back for the Clippers...Rockets will do well with a 1-2 record goin into all star week....
m_gunners::sorry,before all star week...
Ameero80::Lakers will catch the rockets, dont get too comfortable
Dezagcoog::BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH that was hilarious!!! Love a good laugh!!
A.J._1::lolol sike ur an idiot. rockets own LA
madnesslover::Agreed. I'm thinking the real team to catch is Utah....Portland will fall by the wayside soon enough. Rockets have been playing good ball and I expect them to continue....unless a few start shooting poorly and letting it get to their young head (but I think this is doubtful).
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Wrong.  Utah will fall, easily the worst team of the bottom 4 seeds, not to mention a negative point differential.
Brighton And Hove Albion::Love the user name ^ ^ SINCITY!!!
bsimon30::I can see rockets 7th seed, lakers 8th... Or reverse order. Portland and jazz won't make it
m_gunners::beat Heat first then talk!
Jairushawkinss::No.
walle D_ D::barking up the wrong tree buddy, if you catch anyone it will be Utah, their home stand is over and will soon hit the road.
Vega_2012::How about this trade for LMA??  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=arhfe4k
69durango::Why in the hell would Portland do this trade?  Great for Houston, but will never happen.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I love it but Blazers aren't stupid.  This is clearly favored towards Houston although Dmo and Patrick are promising players.
Popitoff_2.0::LMAO NO!!!! LMA so much better than that.
bsimon30::Delfino or parsons will be any major trade unfortunately. I like them both
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::I like it. Bring him back to his home state!! Portland is boring
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::State of Texas owns the Blazers
stros b4 hoes::How is Scola doing with the Suns?
Lorenzomax7::Just slightly below average.
Lorenzomax7::Lin ranks eighth among all PGs by efficiency against West TOP 8. Just saying.
pistol111847::Where did you see that stat?
Lorenzomax7::hoopsstats
Lorenzomax7::1 R. Westbrook 2 C. Paul 3 T. Parker 4 K. Irving 5 S. Curry 6 D. Williams 7 D. Lillard 8 J. Lin 9 S. Nash 10 J. Holiday  15 G. Dragic 25 R. Felton
sportsfan1014::Felton is at #25, not too bad
stros b4 hoes::I would never guess that.
lmata1981::The Rockets have been looking very good this season. You guys are no joke, Harden was one heck of a pickup. They looked a lot better than my Spurs did tonight, but that's OK. I would hate to see you guys in the first round, you would give us much trouble. See you guys March 24, going to be a good one!
bsimon30::Spurs vs rockets games this year have been really good games. Although i'm a rocket fan so they havn't gone my way its a good matchup
HunterSkunter::bsimon30 - Spurs vs rockets games this year have been really good games. Although i'm a rocket fan so they havn't gone my way its a good matchup  Mostly, the one I went to 12/7 was a complete travesty, they sucked it up for the one game I get to see live a year pretty much.
rocketsin05::The Rockets have 2 very good bigmen in Asik and Aldrich. This team is very very good. we may very well give the Spurs a run for there money in round one. This win over the Blazers also puts us 2 full games ahead of portland.
Dezagcoog::Aldrich?? ehhhhhhhhh nah so machh
JorgeJorge24::they  have a 7 foot - PF D-Mo too.
stros b4 hoes::What happen with the talent pool of Centers?  Is this because of college basketball not relying on a big man?
69durango::Kareem would dominate in the same way Duncan does.....steady excellence. Olajuwon would do just fine as well...maybe even dominate every current center.
QNoir::Lol, Shaq in his prime would DOMINATE today. He'd take another few rings.
DamianLillardIsNoKyrieIrving::It's a smaller, faster, wing focused nba now. Bigs are too slow.
Clarity474::Wow, ozi, way to display your ignorance for all to see. Anyone who states that "the game is way too fast now for Olajuwon..." should have all speaking privileges revoked. Hakeem was MUCH faster than any center playing today, not to mention more powerful, graceful, and fluid. His shooting range was deadly out to 18 ft, and he had footwork that has never been equaled by any big man (hence all the current stars that still go to him for tutorial on how to move). You obviously did not watch him play in the '80's and 90's, but google him for some highlights. Enjoy and learn.
Dezagcoog::The problem is stupid pro-wing rules that stern put in place like the 3 second rule and the semi-circle. All those guys didn't play with those stupid made up rules. If Kobe had to play in the original NBA he'd be a nobody.
DamianLillardIsNoKyrieIrving::ozi0628 - The game is way too fast now for Olajuwon, Jabaar, Ewing, etc. It's like asking Shaq to play again, he's just too slow. The only reason D12 can succeed is in a slow moving offense, which isn't D'Antoni and the Lakers. So I think the days of the BIG men are over.  Actually, the game was faster back in the day. More shot attempts per 48 minutes back then than in today's nba.
DamianLillardIsNoKyrieIrving::That's why a lot of today's Centers are smaller and quicker, ala J.J. Hickson
ozi0628::The game is way too fast now for Olajuwon, Jabaar, Ewing, etc. It's like asking Shaq to play again, he's just too slow. The only reason D12 can succeed is in a slow moving offense, which isn't D'Antoni and the Lakers. So I think the days of the BIG men are over.
DamianLillardIsNoKyrieIrving::Yeah. Most of the hall of fame bigs can compete in todays nba, but there's just not a whole lot of athletic bigs with actual basketball skills anymore.
stros b4 hoes::Do you think a Olajuwon in his prime could compete in today's basketball?
ozi0628::Lin Harden Parsons J.Smith Asik  Western Conference Finals?
Vega_2012::Why would Love not come to Houston? He's unhappy in Minn. and he'll be with McHale, the guy who drafted him and they have a real good relationship. Houston has enough cap and money to give him a big contract.
ozi0628::The would lose, I just think they would make it to the conference finals
Vega_2012::Josh Smith is a knuckle head... I want LMA  or Kevin Love
69durango::People in hell want ice water too.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Kevin Love is not going to come.
stros b4 hoes::I don't think they match up well with OKC
DamianLillardIsNoKyrieIrving::Truth^
1888junkteam::rockets are fun to watch cause they all seem to enjoy the hustle.... that should b their new name the houston hustles
1888junkteam::they play like lunchtime recess is about to end go rockets
bsimon30::haha nice
stros b4 hoes::A rocket is pretty quick
stros b4 hoes::The rockets defense is terrible is it because of coaching or not enough defensive talent?
rocketsin05::Sampson is a defensive coach. He is coaching defense but its just not taking hold yet.
stros b4 hoes::I know this is a really stupid question but shouldn't the rockets hire a defensive minded asst coach?  I know this would never work out but have Jeff Van Gundy be like the defensive cord
Dezagcoog::you're not the first to make that arguemtn, but it's never been done before in the NBA it'd be an interesting experiment.
Dezagcoog::agreed. PF is one of the biggest defensive issues. BUT I also think coaching has something to do with it. Parsons is a great defender and Asik has put up some good interior d. our problems are Lin, Harden, and the PF position. Lin and Harden more than definitely have the tools to be good defenders. So I think it's a bit of both, but mostly the effort.
pussyscientist::no PF
Kobelies247::Oden signs 2 year deal with cavs!! HAHAHAHA
vankenn::bring alridge to houston, houston just might have a contender
Dezagcoog::MIGHT?? You get us LMA we're no less than second round and good chance to get to finals.
69durango::I agree, but Houston doesn;t have enough to offer for LMA.
stros b4 hoes::Harden MVP?
Dezagcoog::its nice to finally have someone to chant that for in Houston
bsimon30::He is a contender but I still think its a long shot this year because he isn't on a top team yet.
ozi0628::Yes, he is.
stros b4 hoes::Being serious is he a mvp contender?
Dezagcoog::Harden 3 rebounds from a trip dub today, 3 assist from one yesterday. This guys is a bonafide superstar.
RipCityRedWhiteNBlack::The Blazers score over 100 points and we cant squeeze one single highlight into the recap?
RipCityRedWhiteNBlack::So somewhere around 40+ baskets and not one is worth showing though? And the Blazers dont often score over 100
Dezagcoog::apparently not. lol.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::it's the Rockets.  They can make anyone score 100+
Dezagcoog::EVERYONE and their grandma's score over 100 on the rockets. Nothing special.
stros b4 hoes::Should've scored 109
stros b4 hoes::What is the latest with CSN Houston?  This isn't good that I'm not able to watch the Rockets games
Alexx shine::Does first row sports work for EVERYTIME rockets have a game?
bsimon30::yes not always rockets announcers tho
yearofthetexans::Yeah I haven't seen one not be on there
Hank10593::first row sports, google it. sh.itty quality but watchable online for free
Hank10593::Asking Asians to not root for Lin is like asking black people to not root for Tiger Woods. Let the Asians have their time and leave them alone. You don't like them talking about Lin, ignore their posts. It's not like they paint their words on your house walls. Stay classy people. Not all Lin fans just go out and scream Lin's name, so stop saying all Lin fans are annoying. Magic Johnson is a Lin fan, so keep that in mind when you bad mouth Lin fans.
QNoir::Lol, you think these fans on these boards that are mad about Lin are Black people? No way. I'm Black. I cheer for him big time.
Dawan208::Most of them 80% proably
Dezagcoog::Just go find a Lin board to do it on and stop hijacking the Rockets boards.
Hank10593::What entitled YOU to own this board? Have you heard freedom of speech? Are you even an American? I highly doubt it. You don't even know the citizens' rights in this country, perhaps you should keep your mouth shut for telling others to talk somewhere else. This is not your comment board, you do not own ESPN.
Paul Apoundstone::That's the thing. Us asians, since the dawn of time haven't had any influential media role models.   Let us bask in this  semi- glory as it's all we got - let us eat for once (Jackie Chan and Dustin Nguyen don't count).  I hate for it to boil down to race, but i don't know why brothas are so quick to chastise the kid; it's not like he had much expectation to live up to entering the league. Dude had to make a name for himself.    By the end of the day, you'll still dominate the sport... jesus. It's always a one way street with some people.   I've always supported black athletes and still do. Always will. We're not asking for you to do the same to one of ours, that's not very realistic. But to throw proverbial tomatoes at us because we're a tad too proud of something we finally have the conscientious for rooting for - we're banished and criticized for being too ethnocentric.   Last i heard, we were still sewing the clothes on your back, the nikes on your feet and providing the sweet and sour chicken you so salivate over.   I know the typical mindset of a brotha is entitlement. My ex was an ebony gal and dudes used to straight roll their eyes at us in public.   Entitlement - cuz nobody else can have what  you believe to be sacred and exclusive to your own race.   Sweet jones.   .
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Why the hell do you guys think that "only brothas" (whatever the hell that is) have a negative opinion about Lin? Now that's ignorant.
Hank10593::Tiger said he is all of the mixture, and he is right. He is not entirely black.
stros b4 hoes::I'm just playing with you.
stros b4 hoes::Tigers said he is asian not black respect his decesion
cfylong::He is "more" Asian than anything else.  His mother is Thai; his father is mixed Black, so he is half Asian, some percentage of black and white mix.
vonsteve6868::I don't ever remember a higher scoring Rockets team. Can anyone else?
NY NBK Far Superior -::Hey I came to pick up my troll.
Jairushawkinss::LOL.
vonsteve6868::Awesome. Thanks. I think he cleared away a little bit ago, though.
WOOPZZZ::she's in the knicks boards as largehrdsports26 and in this room as letsgoknicks6464. take all those dumb b!tches away
NJNets_100979::stay classy rockets
Dezagcoog::If we had LMA we could take ANY team in the league.
moncindy007::Knicks fans pls go back to your KnickBlog. Stop making trouble in here. This is Rockets conversation.
wHiTeTiGeR007::I GONA FEEL SO BAD FOR THE REAL KNICKS FANS WHEN THEIR TEAM DOES 1ST ROUND EXIT THIS YEAR AGAIN, CONSIDERING THEY'RE AN AGING AND GASSY TEAM.  AT LEAST THE ROX FANS WON'T BE AS DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE THE ROCKETS ARE A YOUNG REBUILDING TEAM;)
WOOPZZZ::sup redbull. how r the kids
wHiTeTiGeR007::HEY WHAT'S HAPPENING?  KIDS ARE DOING GREAT!;)
letsgoknicks6464::Tyson Chandler&gt;&gt;&gt;Chandler Parsons
bsimon30::comparing a Center with a Forward is retarted
01.02.2013::they play different positions and skill sets.
01.02.2013::its like comparing apples to oranges
little-general::dude, get a life and get out the rockets/trailblazers board!!
HtownBlazinn::Ha.
gill1023::Chandler Parsons is the most underrated small forward. Plays amazing team game with such a wet ball
little-general::well at least we know how good he is.
vonsteve6868::Of all the teams Knicks fans could troll the Rockets are a weird choice. Considering we've owned them for years.
letsgoknicks6464::Like I said, you have no idea whats going on, no offense. Has nothing to do with the Rockets. Your lost
vonsteve6868::No you're lost. The Knicks board is over there&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
01.02.2013::trollers are going to troll
7TEXX3::Remember OJ
7TEXX3::I went totally opposite. Blk tahoe
vonsteve6868::That was surreal.
7TEXX3::You would almost think we played the knicks tonite
little-general::sigh... knicks trolls right....
letsgoknicks6464::Harden is an awesome Captain!! He plays his job so well at point guard, hes a true franchise player and I wish the Rox the best of luck :)
vonsteve6868::You're calling me an idiot because I used to live in NYC? Explain.
vonsteve6868::You called me an idiot around 8 posts ago. And all I said was I lived in NYC when the Rockets beat the Knicks in the championship. Did you post in the wrong place?
letsgoknicks6464::Just throwing insults. This isnt about the Rockets.
letsgoknicks6464::It has nothing to do with you and i dont think you have any idea whats going on right now
letsgoknicks6464::I mean it, you have an amazing player to build around. Harden is a true face of that franchise that yall should be proud of
01.02.2013::peace
FredPE1965::J Harden     13-16	81%	4-5	80% L Aldridge  14-23	61%	0-1	0%  J Lin	        6-10         60%	2-3 	67% D Lillard     7-13	54%	2-5	40%
Astro_eng::Royce White is the last piece to this championship puzzle!
sportsfan1014::right, for his D-league team
little-general::as a trade piece!
01.02.2013::I'm not to hopeful about him, he's been away from the game for to long
HoustonRoxkets::LOL
ASUBBALLFAN21::Lin fans you ask for trolls. By saying harden sucks or hes a chucker its your fault. People can like other players than lin you know and people like me actually have a reason to like harden. Why do you guys like someone just because hes asian. Did you go to Hartford?
FredPE1965::This maybe foreign to you but you don’t have to like basketball to be a Lin fan. You could relate to Lin on so many facets that it may be difficult on another player outside of basketball. Not mutually exclusive that Lin fans are not Harden or Rocket fans. You want Rocket to win and also for Lin to do well. What is wrong with that? In face, I like to see TD to do well, so lets have some more of those nine 3 pointers like he did a few years ago.  The biggest Lin fan on the internet is a non Asian. The last Lin movie is more about a Black kid who wanted to play basketball than about Lin.
cfylong::Huh?  I don't get it.  ASUBBALLFAN21
01.02.2013::*Harvard not Hartford
7TEXX3::Knicks won't pass the heat
letsgoknicks6464::Heat wont pass us
7TEXX3::Great cumback you have
ASUBBALLFAN21::Harden was a beast in college. he left after his sophomore year. Won pac 10 player of the year.
vonsteve6868::Thx.
ASUBBALLFAN21::Next season pick ups for the rockets SG: Nick Young C:Chris Kaman SF:Danny Granger  dont resign tony douglas.
