hookemzuniga1022::Parker dropped 42 last time.... i dont expect a repeat but he does own Westbrook,
meloncabron::Love to hear from the "Spurs are done" trolls about now.  This team is just that. A team that plays like one. With a healthy Manu and confident role players, they could make a run at anyone in the West.
SoonerBro::As long as they got TP, Manu and Pop, the Spurs will always be as dangerous as anyone. Well-ran franchise that makes good decisions. It's the model the Thunder are working off of, and for good reason. Now if the Thunder could just get Pop on the bench. :)
andyxjackson::Perkins is a weak link on this team I am so tired of watching teams just ignore him when he has the ball. He is absolutely no threat to score does not possess a 5-8 ft. jumper no inside game and is a terrible defender. Thunder are not going to win a Championship so may as well ditch this bum and that bad contract extension they gave him trade him to any team make a play for Kaman anybody but he is as Charles would say Tuuurrrible! Hey Westbrook you're a point guard make somebody else better on the team you're suppose to pass the ball. He shoots way too much ball stops in his hands and he will go 2 on 1, 3 on 1 don't matter. There are possessions when KD dosen't even touch the ball on some possessions and Westbrook just puts his head down and dribbles right into the defense for a turnover or ridiculous shot. Durant should touch the ball on every possession just like MJ or a Kobe or Dwayne or Lebron.  If they don't get together as a team and everyone understand Durant is your first option he doesn't want to score 40 a night so you don't have to play keep the ball away he wants to win. Perkins needs to go or be put further down in the rotation play Collison he gives them a better chance.
SoonerBro::I feel ya. Perkins is a walking disaster. I'm not even sure he should be playing basketball for a living. Nothing good happens when he even gets near the ball. But you're giving KD too much of a pass. He's gotta get some kind of postgame or something. He can't just stand at the top of the key with a forearm on his defender's chest and his other hand stuck out for the pass and expect the offense to have any kind of dynamic presence. They don't move the ball because KD doesn't ever move.
Stryka55::There's not one bit of spurs mauling OKC or that Parker surpassed avery as all time assist leader for spurs on ESPN.....
SoonerBro::ESPN would probably create an ESPN-Denton or ESPN-FlowerMound before they'd worry about the Spurs. It's all about the metroplex for ESPN. Spurs probably are the most under-covered yet successful franchises in sports coverage history.
meloncabron::Not only that, but twice this season I've heard ESPN radio updates of ALL NBA scores (all games were over) that completely omitted the Spurs. Twice!
4RealRick::Putn n work thats all !!
Realroca::i don't understand how the Spurs keep on putting up wins in the regular season like this, I watch Tim Duncan and he looks like 1/2 the player he used to be.  Gotta give it up to them, they know how to win.
SoonerBro::Gotta love Duncan. If he wanted to he could probably play until he's 50+. All he needs to be able to do is shuffle up and down the floor. He can still get-r-done when he needs to. Spurs are a good model for the Thunder. Hopefully they can keep their stars together in a smaller market like SA has done.
NOVABuffalo::unfortunately he is about half the player.  Hope he stays healthy for a playoff run.  Need young guys continue to improve.
BigDtinyE::Obviously the Thunder decided early on to make Parker beat them and hold Tim down, as evidenced by how he drew 3 defenders almost every time he touched the ball. That might have worked if they could have made some shots in the1st half. They were horrible from outside, and Durant didn't get enough touches. Parker was a beast.
hookemzuniga1022::Parker &gt; Westbrook
SoonerBro::Last night? Yes. This season? No.  PER = Parker (21.17) - Westbrook (22.54). Parker will be 30 in May. Westbrook turned 23 in November. So Westbrook is already at least as good or better than Parker and which way you think they'll be trending in the next 1 to 10 seasons?
ichigo1783::So here come all the Thunder naysayers. They are bound to lose some games. KD had a mediocre night and Thabo is hurt. Parker went off and the Spurs pulled out a really good win. Don't forget that the Spurs hit a lot of 3's. When teams hit their 3's then the Thunder are vulnerable, just look at what happened in the clips game.
SoonerBro::Mgmt panic if they don't make the finals this year? What? That doesn't make sense. What are they gonna do, gut the team because they don't make the finals? Dumbest post on this whole page.  To Spurs fan, the Thunder have the pieces to win it all I think, but they don't have the veteran savvy like the Spurs, Lakers and Mavs. They don't yet understand the importance of limiting turnovers, knowing when to punch the gas and when to slow things down. They just play on raw instinct and athleticism and let the chips fall where they may. They can dominate anyone in a best of 7, but I don't know that they can do it four times in a row (in playoffs) until they become a more intelligent, savvy squad.
NOVABuffalo::Thunder stay healthy and learn how to close out games better, they might be a force for 4-6 years.  Most team manager's aren't willing to wait, guess we will see if Thunder management panics or not if they don't make finals this year.
cowboysspurs20::LOL are you seriously complaining that Thabo Sefolosha is injured? Dude, Manu is out for us for crying out loud. Every team has to deal with injuries, but the really good teams will overcome them.
dolfan2949::As a Spurs fan, I don't have anything negative about the Thunder; but I do take exception to those who think the Thunder is the team to beat in the West. They are a good team but still a bit wet behind the ears. Besides Durant and Westbrook who do they really have?  The Spurs, as usual, are flying well under the radar. As a fan I like that. So-called "experts" say the Spurs are "old" and can't compete with the young guns in OKC and Memphis... blah, blah, blah... Here's a fact check; the Spurs average age is 27; that's right "27"... look it up.  As for the Spurs hitting a lot of 3's last night? Well be careful what you use for facts because I think the Thunder also typically rely on the 3-ball themselves. So, while the Thunder are up and coming, they still have to pay their dues before they arrive. And IMHO they are missing a couple of pieces to make a true championship run.
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::Who else do they have? The 6th man of the year....... Plus, Thunder have beat the spurs once too, so dont act like the spurs are better.
Lebesgue-Riemann::Good job, Spurs!
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Rummpd::"Normally, 3-8 on the road is a ominous sign for a team like the Spurs who are trying to contend for the title. "  For all the naysayers the Spurs lost Manu - still arguebly their best player who was leading the NBA in PER at the time of his injury and are also without their back up PG TJ Ford - Spurs are a very deep team and now with the ability to put Splitter next to a reviving Duncan can play with anyone in the West and will begin to even up their road record.  Oh and that guy Manu returns in 2-3 weeks.
the iluminati::When they get Manu back they will be even better.  Best in the west if they stay healthy
Unbiasedfan83::Crazy to think LBJ has 4518 assists already and hes a SF with 18,000 points
dolfan2949::Yup; if there was a ball hog award, Kobme and LeBrick would compete ferociously for it...   LOL
Spursdc::no, not crazy. He handles the ball every damn possession
Baron Harkonnen::Man, how could this happen with the initimidating presence of 0-for-1, 3 rebound Kendrick Perkins in the middle?
SoonerBro::Perkins doesn't work on this team. He's a bumbling mess on a team that already has turnover issues. Nothing good comes from him touching the ball. Nazr Muhammed should be getting more minutes and Presti should be seeking a Perkins trade.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::This Thunder team confuses me... are they contenders or pretenders?  I'm not sure if I'm sure yet.
NOVABuffalo::Not sure this year will be a good judge.  Thunder stay healthy and learn how to close out games better, they might be a force for 4-6 years.  Most team manager's aren't willing to wait, guess we will see if Thunder management panics or not if they don't make finals this year.
SoonerBro::I think they're pretenders for another year or two. They still have a lot to learn before I can picture them winning four best-of-sevens. KD needs a postgame of some sort, Russell/Ibaka have got to get better at their jumpshots and they gotta learn how to defend against teams that move the ball well...give up way too many "set-your-feet" three-pointers.  And Perkins is not helping. He's a 100% guaranteed FAIL every single time he touches the ball (fumble, brick, swatted, offensive foul, technical foul, travel, double-dribble or 3 seconds violation every time)...and he can't jump or make free throws. Seriously, I don't understand how he helps. His defense and scowl aren't worth the trouble he poses on the other end.
Sixers1234567::I'm not sure, If I think i'm sure, about you being sure....
dolfan2949::Are you sure about that?    :o)
SoonerBro::Thunder still don't even know what they're doing yet. Too careless with the ball. Shooting can be atrocious. Offense is just a bunch of guys dribbling too much while the others stand and watch. They almost never play anything close to a clean game. Once they learn how to play like the vets (i.e. smart), they're going to be a juggernaut. Right now they just have to win on athleticism. Fun, but frustrating for fans.  Oh, and yeah, Tony Parker was a beast tonight.
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::One loss and everybody freaks out, Spurs are a good team. Miami and bulls have been losing to worse teams..
tarumpaw::because scott brooks is just a better version of vinny del negro.
J-SMOOVE2020::Spurs are dominant at home.  They will be tough to beat at the Alamo in the playoffs
Mightymoose02::Normally, 3-8 on the road is a ominous sign for a team like the Spurs who are trying to contend for the title.   But in this shortened season, it doesn't really matter.   Big win for them. Huge game for Tony Parker.   Unless there a trade by the other contenders, it looks like it's going to be Texas teams vs. OKC for the West crown.
SoonerBro::The WC playoffs should be excellent this year. SA, Dallas, OKC, Memphis, Denver, Clips, Lakers are all dangerous. Provided everyone's stars survive the next 40 games (and if the Grizz get Z-Bo back) it's gonna be a great postseason for WC fans.  The East is gonna be lousy, unless the Pacers can do some damage to stop a Heat-Bulls cakewalk.
lshocket::T. Parker 42 Pts, 3 Reb, 9 Ast, 2 Stl, 1 Blk  That line made me spit coffee on my keyboard and I wasn't drinking any.
lshocket::"Parker joined Kobe Bryant, Dwight Howard, Anthony Morrow and LeBron James as the only NBA players to eclipse 40 points in a game this season."  &gt;Anthony Morrow  My keyboard can't take any more.
theyearwas97::HAHAHAHA....TP hid his french sausage in westbums anal cavity
outofnames0::nice defense. you suck westbrook
Trace2010::Westbrook not fast enough.  Team defense is key.  OKC plays little true team defense.  Something their coach can't just clap and have happen at drop of a hat.
fred3609::TP was the Man Tonight  and the spurs are not OLD Like People Say Younger with Kawhi Leonard did you see D he Put on kevin Durant and he scored 15 Points And Hes only 20 years Old and Danny green only 24 years old and Tiago Splitter is Only 26 Team Average age is 27
Holden Haskett::Durant had 22.
Trace2010::Better learn defense and mental toughness- or you'll be the next first seed first out.  :)
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::Kinda like last year right?
Buckyballer5::Durant had 26, its not like he was completely shut down, besides your three best players are ancient and the Spurs average age is still 3 years older than the Thunder even counting the spurs young bench warmers... Ibaka and Harden are 22, Durant  and Westbrook are 23. Get used to seeing OKC with the best record in the NBA for a long time
dolfan2949::It's obvious you don't watch much BB Bucky.... "bench warmers"... the Spurs bench is one of the deepest in the league, and if they continue to improve with more playing time, katie bar the door as to what this team can do. You go ahead, along with all the other boneheads, and discount the "old" Spurs....   LOL
duncan21dynasty::Um.... best record in the NBA for a long time? Miami Heat? lol
spurs_fiend::I've never heard of an ancient 29 year-old, and boy did Parker look ancient tonight. . . .
Txboy12345::Bench Warmers? At times the starters have been the warmers because the bench players have been playing very well.
Rand0687::Yeah. Watch out for those teams that win 60+ games. It rarely happens.
lbj6detroit313.::Durant and lebron would be great team mates
Buckyballer5::Yeah because Durant is clutch and LeChoke is probably the least clutch "great" player I have ever seen
memphistnpride::My boy Tim Duncan just let Tony Parker do his thing.  However, I want to see more action from Timmy before he retires.  He's a master-mind of the basket, too.
CRUZJ1990::tim needs to just do what he's been doing and he will come up big when the playoffs come
memphistnpride::TP didn't need Eva Longoria for us to remember his name tonight!!!  He  must have had some good news or something.
spursfan766::Team Tony.....Tell Eva that housewives is ending soon, so she needs her agent to get cracking!!!
Drunyce86::MY goodness, TP destroyed OKC by himself. Wow....
memphistnpride::Tony Parker was on FIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRE!!! It's good to have a good night, but can he keep it up?????!!
Trace2010::Great thing about this, he doesn't have to.
memphistnpride::SO GLAD SOMEBODY BEAT OKC!!!  Now I still like the Spurs, even as a Grizz fan!  But when it comes to my Grizz vs. my Spurs, well, may the best team win!
dolfan2949::Besides last year's playoff aberration the Spurs own the Grizz...   :o)
Trace2010::Grizz need to re-think their offense.  They are jump shooting themselves out of too many games.
NOVABuffalo::Nice regular season win.  Would love to beat Grizz on Monday!  13-7 w/o Manu, better than I expected.
Txboy12345::Without this youth I don't think they would have won 5 games without Manu so far.
JDiddy8720::And Westbrook is supposed to be a defender lol. If this was Derrick Rose, I would understand but TONY PARKER? Wow.
her0miles::No, he's trying to say that Derrick Rose is a scrub. Even more insulting. Somebody needs to be slapped.
SpursFan6::You say that like TP is a scrub not like he is a 3 time champion, finals MVP, and an all star...
timmyspurs::best thing about rodeo road trip....manu will be back midway through it!!
Spursdc::If the Spurs make the playoffs, I hope we get an easier first round
Trace2010::"Scared?"  No, just curious.  This is a fun Spurs team to watch.  You should be scared though.  You're a much different team with a much different offensive and defensive mentality without Battier.
CRUZJ1990::spurs will do good as long as they stay healthy especially with the young stars getting better
spursfan766::yea whatever memphistnpride.... The spurs have beat the grizz 2 out of 2 times this year..... I hope the spurs play the grizzlies all the time to get some more easy @%^ wins!!!
memphistnpride::What, you scared?  ("_")
Txboy12345::The Grizz are not better with Rudy Gay in the lineup.
lebronzeerorings::Parker makes the All Star team before Westbroke.
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::Do westbrook play def
CRUZJ1990::yeah good job spurs got it done
CamNewtonGoingHARD::42 points,9 assists,no turnovers
Trace2010::What the front office saw in Tony that obviously, no one else did.  Why they kept him...
lbj6detroit313.::thats it???
CamNewtonGoingHARD::I thought Russell played defense?
-mando-::Great game Tony.  Spurs are traditionally even better during the rodeo road trip.  Lets see if history can stay on their side.
Trace2010::On a night where Parker scores more than Durant+Westbrook+Ibaka combined, Thunder cannot win.  Tony flat played from another world.
gt1master_ike::who was in charge of guarding sir parker, ?
Trace2010::The team...once he goes past 20 points.
flexthetyger::TP w/42,9,3,2&amp;1...now thats how yo show the western chosen all star point guard how it done!!!!
SHAQcarriedKOBE::tony parker 42points? wow OKC's defense blooowwwsss
EliteWingMTSU::Tony Parker is a top 10 PG.
CRUZJ1990::he is i say he is number 6
richy0731::Spurs are a legit team, most people count them out cuz they follow espn's $@% around and cling to every message they have about the lakers, clippers, heat and bulls. Full respect to the thunder and their fans, that market deserves that team way more than what Seattle ever deserved it. Anyways this spurs team still is not at full strength, once Ginobili comes back ill be very interested in following the spurs
gt1master_ike::George SHinn; i will shoot that old geezer if i ever see him in real life.
Trace2010::I'm with the Stache, neither Seattle nor New Orleans deserve what they got out of ownership.
FrankPistachio211::I agree with you, except for the fact that you think Seattle doesn't deserve a team.
Spursdc::tj ford
playinaround2::Outstanding.
ChunkTruffleShuffle::Yo, T Park is laying down the smack.
OSU81yea::i dont quite understand but yes he did indeed smack the thunder.
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::Supersonics lost?
Trace2010::Detlef Schrempf missed an 11 point shot as time expired.
Domowild::Shawn Kemp??
Trace2010::Uh, yeah, they did...
Domowild::I just thank you OKC for covering my +13 thats all I have to say... Great game Spurs,,, you are a beast at home...
Spursdc::just beast
OSU81yea::great game spurs. I cant ever tell if my thunder are even a legit contender or not.
rowrbazzle11::OKC's win earlier this year was their first over SA in (I think) 2 years. Struggling to beat the Spurs is nothing new for the Thunder.
Spursdc::not
Trace2010::Younger team got rattled on the road tonight.  It happens.  I'm glad the Spurs passed their first real test.
Skelecherib83::Pretenders. They win many games despite themselves because RW, JH, and KD are so talented, but you can't win it all with poor coaching and big men who can't score at all. Thunder really need to trade Ibaka to move up in the draft to get a scoring PF and get rid of Perkins since he brings nothing to the team except the ability to guard D12 and Bynum
OSU81yea::im not worried about the scoring but more of denfense
1719719719::They are, it's just sometimes a good player gets hot and there's pretty much nothing you can do.
Skelecherib83::I wish the Thunder would just lose 10 games in a row so we could fire Scott Brooks and bring back Ron Adams as the head coach
