ExtremeHardcoreDude_LETS_DO_THIS::kobe!!!!!!!
jeterjones05::Pau had a nice game... but you cant let Carl Landry basically match you! it cancels out! do better!
Ringchamp24::Carl Landry owns Gasol. As a Laker fan, I've seen Landry routinely outplay Gasol going back to the 2009 2nd round vs the Rockets.
ToniK24::Honestly, what the $@%! is up with Eric Gordon? This piece plays one week and is out two weeks. Never have I seen this piece play for a long stretch. You get paid millions so suck it up and play you little $@%!$.
smoody FTW::CAREER PLAYOFF CLUTCH SHOTS WITH 24 SECONDS OR LESS ON SHOT CLOCK FOR WIN/TIE  MJ = 9/18 - 50%  LeBron = 5/12 - 41.7%  Kobe = 7/25 - 28% &lt;-------------HUGE CHOKE JOB
LALakershowtime32::Do us all a favor. Go back watch and tell us which player had the worst looks at that clutch shot and had multiple people on him the most. STAT THAT! Please do come back with an honest answer, the tape won't lie.
DidYouSeeThat36::This was the stat early in the season, he has hit a few more since
elibird123::<b>Is he really unclutch or was he really clutch in those games to give them a chance to win in the first place?<b>  Ball Don't Lie But Sometimes Stats Do  http://chasing23.com/the-ball-dont-lie-but-sometimes-stats-do/</b></b>
Inbound_the_Ball::^^ This logic applies to every single star to play the game.
elibird123::Most of those missed shots were only available, because of his clutch performance to put them in a situation to win or tie in the first place.
AAWW... MAYN::Daymm... this stats again. Smoody, you need to find other stats than this piece of crap one. same shy.te. Lebum does not deserve to be even part of it. Get lost boi!!!
WatEvasCleva24::And still one of them hasnt won S.hit in the playoffs, guess who?
DocLoveStrange::The Lakers $@%!$@% suck. 1st round exit is guaranteed. Bynum is an immature thug. Lakers fans might now realize what we all knew all along, that there was no $@%!$@% way the magic was going to trade Howard for their malcontent
BayAreaZ::Kobe: The Lakers are better without you...time to call it quits...
chawps::FAIL
BayAreaZ::Yet another game where the Lakers take far more FTs than their opponents and barely win.  The NBA helps LA every season, and pretty much every game...
AAWW... MAYN::Sorry buddy but your Warriors suck balls. hahaha. Loser!!!
BayAreaZ::live in denial if you like, but it's clear the NBA helps the Lakers every game...
chawps::The only person who needs help here is you.
3PeatKB24::Yep, he does trust me :)
BayAreaZ::Nah, I'm just honest...
chawps::Sounds like you have some issues you need to discuss.
kempstylez40::The Lakers are a huge joke.
BayAreaZ::Without the refs in their pocket, the lakers are about 20-38 this season. Not one of the top 10 teams in the league, or even the West.
BayAreaZ::Just here to spread some wisdom! :  )
chawps::You must be thinking of the Miami Heat. Can you say "star treatment"?
3PeatKB24::Hey Bay what's up?
3PeatKB24::10 Titles since 1980. Yep keep the joke posts coming!
chawps::Look in the mirror, buddy.
Clenbutador::Who is a better center Bynum or Kaman?
boom.shaka.::I'm not sure what got into the Lakers last night -- they blew a lead...and then came back.  Haven't seen it all year.
mark35345::Another terrible game long effort from the 7 footers on defense. They won't have Chris Kaman to push around in the playoffs. They can't even dominate the paint against the worst team in the West. Sessions played well though - dunking on Kaman - that stiff!
spektical11::you know your an idiot when you compare 80+ shots against ~30 shots.
Inbound_the_Ball::You know you are an idiot when you don't know the stats and just make them up off the top of your head. Pau has made 55 of 105 shots in the closing seconds of games. Kobe Bryant has made 94 of 300+ attempts. Pau is a killer, and Kobe is not. Kobe is merely a glory hound, with fans who think he's a killer because he hardly ever passes the ball in the closing minutes of the 4th, even with players wide open near the rim. In Kobe and kobe fan's head: "31% shooting in the clutch is a better option than a high % shot at the rim with two highly skilled 7 footers on the floor who perform very well in the clutch."
boom.shaka.::Inbound_the_Ball - You know you are an idiot when you don't know the stats and just make them up off the top of your head. Pau has made 55 of 105 shots in the closing seconds of games. Kobe Bryant has made 94 of 300+ attempts. ====  I don't know if I should be amused or shocked at how few people have even a basic grasp of statistical theory and analysis.
chawps::He's taking those shots at a MUCH closer range than Kobe. Unless you want to count the days when he used to break defenses down and beat them to the rim.  Try again.
Inbound_the_Ball::Pau Gasol is a finesse player. Most of his shots are not at the rim or in the paint. Try again.   Kobe has proven with his play over 16 seasons that he is not some super clutch killer. The stats just show what has been a fact all along. And like you said, Kobe takes shots that are very inefficient when he has players who can and will make shots that are more efficient. He is actually the anti-clutch. He prevents his team from being clutch, by not passing the ball to open players who can knock down shots. But that would mean Kobe would have to share the glory more than twice a month, and that just ain't gonna happen.
chawps::Pau has made 55/105 because he is taking those shots at a much closer range than Kobe. I guess you can't imagine how being trapped or triple teamed outside the three point line in the waning seconds can alter shooting efficiency. Your real point is that you will rely on any statistic to bash Kobe Bryant.
biggerandbetterthanyou::bron- I need more help Wade- Huh? Bron- I need more help
Inbound_the_Ball::@Markes5757                       He's 6/25 now. A clutch shot is a clutch shot. Every other star in the league is presented with similar circumstances as you describe. Having to take desperation 3s. Being relied on to take the winning shot when you've been shooting poorly all night.     Kobe missed those shots. Plain and simple. You can write on what the situation was all you like, and every fan of any other star could do the exact same thing.     Kobe is 6/25. You can't talk your way around that fact. He's not a clutch time killer. 24% in the closing seconds of playoff games isn't clutch. Oh, and btw, Kobe shoots 31% in the clutch during the regular season, and 6/26 this year. Its not like he's normally clutch anyways. He's just even less clutch in the playoffs in comparison to the regular season.   It is because of those stats, that people laugh at the notion of Kobe being a killer in the clutch. Kobefans can't get enough of calling the guy clutch and talking about his killer instinct, but the guy can't kill you. The two 7 footers on the team are the ones that can kill you, because they both are way more clutch than Kobe when Kobe actually passes the ball, or in Pau's case, when he was in Memphis and taking 15+ shots in the clutch  most seasons and making over half of his attempts. Not bad for a finesse guy.
spektical11::like it or not 80+ shots is not comparable to less than even 30. its statistics. everyone will laugh at you in the real world.
Inbound_the_Ball::80 + attempts and 30 made shots? Who did that? That guy is more clutch than Kobe.   Or are you talking about Pau?  His shooting percentage doesn't drop like a rock at the end of the 4th quarter. But Kobe very rarely gives up the ball, because Kobe is a glory hound!  And he sucks at it!
Markes5757::This was written before last years play-offs but I put it here for all the people who say Kobe isn't clutch.   1. 1996 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Jazz Game 5 – Bryant misses a game tying shot with 4 seconds left. Kobe as an 18-year old rookie that for some reason was taking the shot with Van Exel, Jones, and Shaq on the team. Huh? The fact that they let him shoot it in this situation is an indication of the coldblooded-ness most people see in him now.  2. 1999 Playoffs, Spurs vs. Lakers Game 2 – Bryant misses a game tying shot at the end of regulation Kobe misses a desperation 3 to tie the game. Kobe had 28-8-4 to make it close. Shaq has 16 points.  3. 2001 Playoffs, Lakers vs. 76ers Game 1 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 20 seconds left. Kobe had an admittedly bad game, scoring 15 points. This came off of 11 consecutive playoff wins where he averaged 32ppg. (and perhaps the greatest run by one team in NBA playoff history)  4. 2002 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Kings Game 5 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 12 seconds left Kobe scores 30 and carries Lakers with Shaq fouled out.  5. 2002 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Kings Game 7 – Bryant misses game winning shot with 8 seconds left and game winning tip. Kobe has a huge game in one of the biggest games in Laker history going for 30-10-7. Lakers win and move on to the NBA finals.  6. 2003 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Twolves Game 3 – Bryan misses the game winning shot with 13 seconds and 2 seconds left. What Kobe Hater forgets to mention here is that Bryant scored 5 points in the last 22 seconds to tie the game and force overtime. Oh — and he happened to put up a 30-7-6 line.  Verrrry unclutch.  7. 2003 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Spurs Game 1 – Bryant misses game winning shot with 13 seconds left.  Bryant had a line of 37-4-2 in this game including 13 points in the 4th quarter (and 8 in the last 4 minutes). He also hit a 3-pointer with 1 minute left which pulled the Lakers within striking distance in the first place.  8. 2004 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Rockets Game 1 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 17 seconds left.  It was a sloppy game all around. Still in the last 4 minutes, Kobe led the Lakers in scoring. This “game winning shot” was a desperation 3 with time running out. The Lakers still won the game.  9. 2004 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Rockets Game 4 – Bryant misses the game winning shot with 3 seconds left. Let’s conveniently leave out the part where in OT, Kobe scores 6 points including a 3-point play to put the Lakers up for good. Lakers win the game.  10. 2006 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Suns Game 6 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 6 seconds left.  This is the most misleading of them all. Kobe went off for 50-8-5 with a JV squad featuring Smush Parker and Kwame Brown in the starting lineup. He also scored 12 of the Lakers’ 13 points in OT while shooting an incredible 57% from the field. If not for a lucky bounce out to Tim Thomas, this would have been one of the great games of Kobe’s career.  11. 2009 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Jazz Game 3 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 2 seconds left. Another misleading stat. In the last minute of this game, Kobe orchestrated the offense, notching a layup and 2 assists. The shot he missed was a desperation 3-point try once the Lakers got the ball back with 2 seconds left.  12. 1999 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Magic Game 2 – Bryant has his game winning shot blocked with 8 seconds left.  Another strong game by Kobe, 29-8-4. The Lakers still went on to win this game and wrest control of the finals for good from the Magic.  13. 2010 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Thunder Game 6 – Bryant misses game winning shot with 0.5 seconds left.  Kobe goes off for 32-7-3 in this clincher against the Thunder. Scores the only other bucket for the Lakers in the last 2 minutes besides Gasol’s game winner. Lakers win.  14. 2010 Playoffs, Lakers vs. Suns Game 5 – Bryant misses a game winning shot with 3 seconds left. Kobe has another monster game, almost going for a triple double, 30-11-9 with 4 blocks. In the 4th he goes for 7-3-2, accounting for 13 of the Lakers 23 points. The shot he missed was another desperation 3 attempt when the Lakers inbounded the ball with 2 seconds left. Lakers go on to win the game.  So in the games where Kobe missed a game tying or game winning shot, Kobe’s teams went 5-7. Overall, Kobe’s teams in these situations went 10-7, a 59% winning percentage. Not bad for 21 games that you went into the last 20 seconds either trailing or tied. Even more amazing, in the last 11 games that Kobe has had a game winning or tying opportunity in the playoffs, the Lakers have won 9 of them. Still believe it’s all luck? At the end of day, when you define clutchness, shouldn’t your ultimate metric for success be wins and losses? Kobe Bryant clutch stats show in these instances, the Black Mamba definitively wins more than he loses.  Even in the losses though, Kobe is great. In 9 of the 12 games where he “missed” the game decider, Kobe had 28 points or more and effectively carried his team. In a few instances, he was off the charts and put his team in a position they wouldn’t have been close to except for his heroics (see: 2006 Game 6 vs. Suns, 2003 Game 1 vs. Spurs, 2003 Game vs. Timberwolves). In a few others, Kobe has 3 or less seconds to have the ball inbounded to him and heave up a desperation three – a nearly impossible situation.  In summary — the 6/22 stat being championed around the Internet by MJ lovers, er, objective stats geeks is bunk. Looking at the games above, it is clear that Kobe’s ability to deliver in high pressure situations allowed his team to win at a very high rate, and his 5 rings only serve to reinforce that message.
biggerandbetterthanyou::lols yet Kobe hasnt won a ring being best option, only as a hangers on
Inbound_the_Ball::Sounds like you are just making excuses.
elibird123::What part of what he did in those situations to even give them a chance to win or tie the game appears to be an un-clutch performance to you?  Don't you get it, most of those missed shots were only available, because of his clutch performance in the first place.
chawps::You and Henry Abbott must be bed fellows.
Inbound_the_Ball::Those are facts being used to excuse his misses. DFisher was presented with a nearly impossible situation with .3 seconds left on the clock and nailed the shot off the inbounds pass.   In the clutch, you aren't given easy options. The other team wants to win just as much as your team does. You either elevate your performance to be clutch, or you aren't clutch. Kobe is an average player in the clutch. He's not some killer like you guys pretend he is.
iTzDiRkFoR3::how so? theyre facts.
Inbound_the_Ball::Lakers are going to see what its like when the shoe is on the other foot. If the Lakers make it far enough to face the Thunder, the Thunder will get the refs favoritism and win the series. Guess it'll be a little karma to make up for the refs jobbing the Kings in 2002 and the Celtics in 2010. I called it here first. Lakers fans will be complaining about being screwed by the refs if the Lakers and Thunder meet. You can take that to the bank.
mark35345::The Thunder don't need any refs help. The Lakers have no one to guard Westbrook. The Lakers can't beat the Thunder up the court. The Thunder are a better team.
iwentpp3::<b>Phil Jackson will come back as an assistant to Coach Brown next year.  Watch! Kobe is a joke.  He's done.  Without Coach Brown, where would the team be?  Lottery.  Lakers are #1.  Watch them sweep OKC and the Heat.  </b>
MemphisSwag::Pass that good weed.
iwentpp3::I'm a fake laker fan :(  It's sad but true.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Kobes a joke, but his team lost by 20 to PHX and almost got beat by NO w/o him.
iwentpp3::you must be kidding?
iTzDiRkFoR3::Lakers suck without Kobe.  Shouldve lost this game, Hornets choked.
biggerandbetterthanyou::funny how lakers defense is better without Kobe
3PeatKB24::Lakers gave up 14 3's Saturday and 9 last night. Think before you post!
EthanIsAScrub::biggerandbetterthanyou call's me fat, but his name is bigger...
EthanIsAScrub::Who's tried the new doritos Locos tacos, eh ytaste great, but this $@%! joe says they suck.
weinerwhopper::I suffer from racial discrimination
biggerandbetterthanyou::it must suck being a fat fanboy
sokal-surf::Suffer from obesity? I am assuming you are joking. If not, try eating less, eating organic, exercise, and get off the Internet and soak up some sun.  You have no one to blame but yourself...
EthanIsAScrub::you're such a $@%!$@%!$ faggotface, Just leave me alone and go play with your horses weiner you redneck
biggerandbetterthanyou::I can tell.
EthanIsAScrub::Wow you $@%!$@%!, I suffer from obesity and OCD, fuckoff
biggerandbetterthanyou::chucky bryant fans mad that lakers won considering they lost their last game when he played.
EthanIsAScrub::My wife just brought one of these back home http://www.bing.com/images/search?q=Swiffer+dust+mop&amp;view=detail&amp;id=C4E1A8F74F75524B8ADB8F056A544C3CF04327DD&amp;first=0&amp;FORM=IDFRIR
EthanIsAScrub::Adobe Premium 9 is stupid as hell
luvnbayes::Stu Lantz on the Laker broadcast called Artest's pass the dumbest play ever.  But it's not even the dumbest this year.  That honor still goes to Martell Webster, who with his team down 3 points and less than 5 seconds left, stole the ball (actually, it was thrown right to him) against Denver, and proceeded to dribble the length of the court and dunk at the buzzer, losing the game by one point.  It still stands out as easily the dumbest play.
iwentpp3::For all the LAKER HATERS.....the lakers DESTROYED the hornets yesterday.....Start printing the 2012 Championship t-shirts!
jesusislord26::you are a laker hater my gosh
EthanIsAScrub::joe is so stupid he thinks that f a women wears a puffy pink jacket she's pregnant. FuckinJew
CucumberSlice22::Anybody else notice "laker haters" will specifically come here to hate on the the laker fans and lakers? I mean let laker fans comment here and support, this is their team, even if they are extremely bias. If you come here just to bash them I think you have nothing better to do. Hornets fans are welcome here to of course though.
EthanIsAScrub::S
SirCrazyWolf.::The Lakers should just sit Kobe out for the rest of the season and the playoffs. Dude is washed up.
biggerandbetterthanyou::facts agree with this statement.
TheSportsDude2011::lol
SirCrazyWolf.::Nice win for Gasol and his Lakers.
Vig0824::nice job trolling ;)
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::attention drmcfunk, LA will always be relevant because we have a GM that wants to win, and we also have a culture of winning championships. LA will always attract star players. I am not fearful of kobe retiring, open up a shi.tton of cap room for a couple stars.
Inbound_the_Ball::I wonder how much longer the stars are going to be interested in coming to LA for?  The fans $@%! on their great players, like Shaq, all day, in an effort to boost up the current star of the Lakers.   How much longer are players going to be attracted to that?  Even if you were a great player, the Lakers fans $@%! on your legacy. Nice job, Lakers fans.
drmcfunk::HAHAH I LOVE LA I LIVE HERE IM A CLIPPERS FAN!!!!!.
drmcfunk::and KINGS AND CHARGERS
Inbound_the_Ball::This is Lakers fans for you. They don't know what they are talking about, and when you inform them, they bring up some other player from around the league. Oh, you can't breathe on such and such guy. We're not talking about guys you can't breathe on.  We're talking about Lakers players karate chopping people shooting in the lane and no calls. Not one FTA attempt. The Hornets were up by what? 8 points at the end of the 3rd? And the Hornets get no FTAs in the 4th?  This isn't a one game isolated incident. This has happened when the Grizzlies were beating the Lakers and the Nuggets were beating the Lakers, to name just a couple.
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::watch the game you cu.nt
Inbound_the_Ball::Says someone who didn't watch the game, and only referenced the box score to figure out what happened in the game. :)  Take your own advice and watch the game yourself. I watched the game.
weinerwhopper::No one is on this game...on to baseball...
EthanIsAScrub::Yeah dude love the detroit tigers
EthanIsAScrub::get that paper with dem kobe system VII's doe
EthanIsAScrub::All I can say is, I love jews.
Shad6252::if the lakers can barely get past the worst team in the west how can we expect them to get far against far superior teams.  im sad to say the the writing is on the wall.  rest sessions, kobe, bynum and gasol.  and tank the rest of the year so we can rest up and get to the REAL season with training camps and pratices.. we HAVE NO CHANCE...
69Lakers2012::come on hater you have nothing better to do..!!!!lol
Shad6252::not a hater one of the biggest laker/kobe fan there is.. im just not a idiot fan that cant see reality.. i would love to be wrong trust me i would... its just seems like empty hope to see the lakers going deep without a bench scorer at all...
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::this is dumb
Shad6252::your dumb for believing in a team that doesnt even believe in itself
Inbound_the_Ball::Heat V, don't use logic with these clowns. Lakers fans have no problem complaining about biased refereeing that goes against them. But when it comes to biased refereeing that helps them.... "The foul cry is so ignorant."    You know what's ignorant?  Claiming the refs didn't have bias for the Lakers when you didn't watch the game! The Hornets were going into the paint all game. And in the 4th quarter, they took 8 shots at the basket, to the Lakers 6 shots. They were getting mauled in the paint, and each time the refs swallowed their whistle, the maulings got worse. In 4 of those 8 shot attempts, the Hornets were hacked by one or more players. But pointing out the reality to Lakers fans only works when that reality makes their team look good.
3PeatKB24::LeBron gets every call, you cant even breathe on him and you are complaining about the Lakers getting calls? Really?
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::i think you were watching a different game buddy
OBE1KOBE::The Dunks by Blake on Pau were cleared by the league as clean plays. However i think the League is just trying to justify the ref's missed calls and keep Blake on the ESPN highlight reels. The first was clearly over the back. The second dunk is a closer judgement call Blake did lead with the fore arm. However Pau did leave his feet. But i still feel Blake is getting special treatment by the league due to his marketability to the game.
drmcfunk::He is not getting special treatment, he is a type of player the league has never seen before and they are clearly going to have to make new rules based on the way he dunks (both for him and others). Blake gets hit in the face and arms all the time when dunking but also takes people out.
drmcfunk::Blake gets hit in the face and his arms scratched every game, Its the same for him while he is dunking (part of the reason he has to be so aggressive). But even the NBA review officials said its not a foul, and Pau is clearly jumping into Blake and he is protecting himself
3PeatKB24::He uses his off arm to clear out alot and he uses it for lift even sometime. I just didnt like the elbow personally. What if that catches Pau in the eye? Then what. That may happen to someone playing Griffin.
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::they also upgraded that push to a flagrant, tryna cover their as.ses
DidYouSeeThat36::More than the Lakers complained.  You just hear the Laker fans louder because you troll these boards
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::haters gonna hate man, people dont watch the game then look at the free throws and say the refs are on our side...the lakers defense is not going to foul often, its also the reason we dont force that many TOs
drmcfunk::He does this all the time and only the Laker fans have complained
3PeatKB24::According to the Haters on here we are just complaining. If Griffin done that to LeBron the elbowing part Heat fans would be whining like a bunch of goobers.
boom.shaka.::Two games to prove he can be "the man" and Bynum goes 17-44 (.39%)  It's one thing when you're SG shoots 39%, but when it's your center - ZOINKS!
biggerandbetterthanyou::yet Kobe without a big being #1 option = 0 rings
SerioRaider::I didn't get a chance to watch the game, how did Goud do in place of Kobe?
eightbitme::UNLEASH THE LOCK!!!  :-)
SerioRaider::wtf, is Brown pissed at Goud or just stupid? That guy has shown a lot more offensive ability than Ebanks
boom.shaka.::bobandjab - Brown is acting like a rookie coach. He's one and done! Sessons should have been in the entire 4th! ===== Sessions is hurt.  I noticed several occassions in the 2nd half where he was flexing his arm - a sign that his shoulder is still not healthy.
bobandjab::I agree.
DidYouSeeThat36::He stated on the radio that Goudeluck is undersized which is why he goes with Ebanks.  Not fair considering Goudeluck has a nicer shot
bobandjab::Brown is acting like a rookie coach. He's one and done! Sessons should have been in the entire 4th!
boom.shaka.::Blake and Sessions were in the backcourt together during crunch time and Blake did surprisingly well.
3PeatKB24::Ebanks played and not really very well.
The Heat V::Typical Lakers victory,  they go to the foul line 7 times in the 4th quarter.  New Orleans didn't get there once,  and they were at home.  Predictable!
The Heat V::That's because it happens all the time.  The refs are in with the Fakers!
SerioRaider::So go complain or talk trash to these "Fakers" fans from whatever imaginary team you have invented and get off the Lakers board.
3PeatKB24::The Heat out shoot their opposing team every night from the line so who cares.
tgtg31::The foul cry is so ignorant
DidYouSeeThat36::You know if you breathe while you type, you won't be soo angry...Actually strike that....stay mad
drmcfunk::so you know more than the NBA review officials... whatever Lakers fans always complain and always act like their team is the victim
3PeatKB24::Ok whatever. Ive been watching the game since 1977 so I am not going to get into a who doesnt know this or that. It was clear Griffin cleared out with his off arm and elbow to the face contact was made.
drmcfunk::and you are an idiot the Flagrant 1 was for the push not the dunk
3PeatKB24::When it's obvious, it's obvious. Cant elbow people in the face. He shouldve been thrown out.
drmcfunk::I think you dont know the game Pau was not set before either dunk making it a blocking foul on him. Blake never thrusts his elbow and is only protecting himself. If it was a foul the NBA would have given him one when they issued the flagrant 1 on the push against Gasol. I know the rules inside and out but clearly you dont
The Heat V::Who's surprised the league agrees with the Fakers??
3PeatKB24::Because it was an offensive foul. If you dont think it was you dont know the game or just hate on the Lakers. The league even reviewed it and gave Griffin a Flag 1.
drmcfunk::Didnt see Laker fans saying that when Blake dunked on Pau... Hypocrites
OBE1KOBE::Nothing more typical than a Heat fan crying about free throws after a laker win.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Can u imagine how good the lakers would be if they didnt have to trade Odom?
OBE1KOBE::Odom is on a undercover Laker mission to dismantle Western teams from the inside out. Operation Mashing mavs is complete. Odom's next mission will be code name: operation clipping clipshow.
octavius9685::really lakers...the hornets...
3PeatKB24::Hey Chris Kaman rocks!
bobandjab::That was the worst out of bounds play i've seen! who was braindead there?!
3PeatKB24::I loved it. I thought Ron threw a perfect dribbler of a pass right to Barnes :) Barnes got it didnt he?
bobandjab::Dumb but lucky!!
drmcfunk::If the only thing separating the Lakers from the Hornet is Kobe then you guys have bigger problems than i thought
DidYouSeeThat36::Will be scary to see the team when Kobe retires
drmcfunk::Kobe only has a couple good years left and it looks like when that time comes the Lakers will be the new Hornets
OBE1KOBE::Having Kobe separates the Lakers from a lot of teams good and bad, so you're point is?
OBE1KOBE::Great job  lakeshow.
3PeatKB24::Pau has our back while Kobe is on the mend, no worries.
OBE1KOBE::Agreed, Great job Pau for stepping up.
Deztructor::What will recede faster?  Le3quarter's hairline or the health of his knees?
Deztructor::So you're saying Le3quarter's knees are eternal?
Championshit Winning Niqqers::My prediction:   Bran Bran's knees are going to go out after he wins a ring with Miami
Jairushawkinss::<b>Day 21  Of Search for Bobcats fans.</b>
Reinis7137::tough to find fans when you lose by 30 to wizards
Lakers 2009 world champions::You are more likely to find dinosaurs.
Jairushawkinss::probably.
3PeatKB24::They have Michael Jordan. He should play, they cant do much worse.
SirCrazyWolf.::When Kobe retires and the Lakers build a statue for him, should the statue be made of bricks or should it be a statue of Kobe being carried by Shaq and Gasol?
DidYouSeeThat36::This guy has posted this comment in every Laker thread...why you pay soo much attention to the Lakers if you hate them?
OBE1KOBE::Lets see Kobe has two without Shaq to Shaq's 1 with Wade. Gasol has none, as a matter of fact he hasn't even won a playoff series without Kobe. So who carrying who here?
Championshit Winning Niqqers::The Shaq statue needs to have Bryant piggy back riding Shaquillicus
3PeatKB24::Have Kobe on his back - LOL
3PeatKB24::Should just make it a 3headed statue with Gasol's head on one side and Shaq's on the other :)
3PeatKB24::Kobe!
djdex520::Who had more success Kobe or Shaq?
