Justin 1717::bump
beresponsible4youractions::Wade is typical of today's NBA players with his "I didn't mean to do it" response to their dirty plays. He kicked him in the groin. Take a look at last year's playoffs, and you'll see Wade as a dirty player.  GOOD COMMENT earlier about this kick to the groin taking place in front of the closest ref who did nothing.  Its a star's league, paid for by TV money.  Bring back teamwork, sportsmanship and personal responsibility.
billy woods65::dirty play; dirty player! dwade was a decent player untill lebron got there! dwade's lebron's little beyotch
bamsgt::Wade is definitely dirty. Too many bad things happen to other people when he's around.  Wade has  a problem within his own team and he's taking it out on opposing players. He can't handle being second best on his team after being their top superstar for so long. He has a lot of resentment towards Lebron but can't show it so he takes it out on others,  Lebron has stole the league attention and team from Wade. It's a classic case of jealousy. Mix that with having a natural bad temper ( I remember hearing that he had domestic issues) and you get lots of bad things happening.   Wade needs the attention. That's why he dresses so flashy. That's why he left his partner and is now dating a movie star.   He has an innocent face when he's smiling but when he's not getting the attention that he's accustomed too, you see the evil in his eyes.  This started after Lebron arrived.
bamsgt::He had it by being a top 5 player and doing tons of commercials.
Blake the Snake87::Wade never had the "league attention" because he's always been in the league with LeBron.
chlutz508::There is no way that was not intentional. Wade literally swung his knee into Sessions groin. There is not momentum that would make his leg swing like that. The only reason for his leg to swing like that during that play  was to kick Sessions in the groin but make it seem like it was an accident. Wade has turned into one of the dirtiest players in the NBA. The worst part about it is the fact that he tries to come off as a clean player and that the past 6 dirty plays have all been accidents and he is innocent. Wade you  are a dirty player and trying to cover it up and not just own it (Like Garnett) is what is making you one of my most hated players.
CAROLINAANNIE::Yes, Wade is a dirty player.  He scraped whatever vestige of humility he had after winning the NBA championship with Shaq.   Since that time, it's been one dirty incident after another.
crbora::D is for Dirty....The man broke somebody's nose in an ALL STAR GAME!!!! MWP is the dirtiest, but Wade is a very close second and gets away with all of it, I don't know why. This is what the 5th bad incident with him?
legalizedhmicide::There was no way that was a follow through move, there was no need for him to kick his leg up that high, and he wasn't running at full speed or else he would have knocked sessions over
Kammie0131::Wade is not a dirty player the kid ran it into him..It was part of his follow through accidents happen..everybody get off his case and the dirtiest player here is Metta Worldpeace
beresponsible4youractions::Kammie0131 - seriosuly?  the OTHER guy ran into Wade's knee and purposely kneed his own groin?  what would your reaction be if it happened to you?  "Oh, its OK, it was an accident?"
MiamiSports361::DWADE IS NOT A DIRTY PLAYER HE MAY BE AGRESSIVE AND IF U MESS WITH HIM HE WILL GET MAD BUT DONT. IT WAS MOSTLY A MISTAKE GET OVER IT DWIGHT HOWARD HAD A FLAGARANT 2 WHAT ABOUT THAT
eddieshabo6::wades a dirty player always has been always will be...guess thats what happens when you grow up in chicago
MiamiSports361::LIK THE CHICAGO THING BUT HES NOT A DIRTY PLAYER
11wareaglejackshan::so dirty to all yall people sayin it was a "followthrough" thats garbage it was an obvious knee to the junk
MiamiSports361::U DONT KNOW ANYTHING Y DID SESSIONS PUT HIS SHOULDER DOWN IN HIS WAY AT THE 3 POINT LINE MOFO
Bamm7272::The LeBron James of the week award (NBA player of the week) goes to - once again:  LeBron James!
Mambaholic 33::SURPRISE!
nba is the worst::Ha ha, there's an "Is Wade dirty" poll and article on the heat Index
nbaizfantastic::Too Damn Bad Troll! Such a JEALOUS PUNK you are!
nba is the worst::During a game in Boston in the 2011 regular season, Wade was hit with a flagrant foul for shoving Kevin Garnett after Garnett had leveled Mike Miller with a screen.  •  In the 2011 playoffs, Wade got wrapped up with Rondo while going for a loose ball. Wade appeared to stick his leg out and sweep Rondo to the court. It resulted in Rondo dislocating his elbow. At the time, Wade said it was inadvertent. •  Wade broke Kobe Bryant’s nose, raking him from behind during an unusual physical play during the 2012 All-Star Game. Bryant had fouled Wade twice previously in the game. •  During a regular-season game last April in Miami, Wade threw a forearm at Chicago Bulls guard Rip Hamilton after Hamilton bumped him trying to create space on the perimeter. Wade was called for a flagrant foul.  •  During the first round of the playoffs last season, Wade threw the shoe of New York Knicks guard Mike Bibby off the court after Bibby lost it getting a rebound.  •  During the second round of the playoffs, Wade blindsided Indiana Pacers guard Darren Collison on a fast break. Wade, who seemed to be reacting to not getting a shooting foul moments earlier, was assessed a flagrant foul.   Defend away!!!
nba is the worst::Ha ha, like that proves anything.  The league always favors stars, silly
beavis4play::how many suspensions has he had? how many ejections has he had???? how many fines has he had to pay for rough play? how many flagrant fouls has he had called on him? ' what you're saying just isn't supported in facts.
nba is the worst::http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/miamiheat/post/_/id/16453/is-dwyane-wade-a-dirty-player
ccadahia::Are you serious????????  Bunch of babies.   Complain abourt these calls.  OUR SOCIETY IS FULL OF PANSY A** BOYS
cbbaseball19::Later peeps!  Time to play some basketball!
Mambaholic 33::Don't give the ball to Kobe - you'll never get it back
GaspoMinnyFan981::Later
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Watch out for the double-team.
nba is the worst::see you
RjEddy919::wade was dirty for that kick and he know he was wrong.
daver72884::Haven't really seen a lot about this kick, but if it was Suh I would be tired of hearing about it by now!
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Those karate kick classes came in handy last night. Don't you agree?
cbbaseball19::English
Aicyla22::alrighty see you guys tomorrow.  RIP eric spoelstra GO HEAT!
nba is the worst::late
cbbaseball19::See ya on Wednesday! RIP Spo and Go Heat!  Good Day!
GaspoMinnyFan981::See ya
Lebron James MVPX3::k bye
nba is the worst::I saw on NBA TV that the Nets still practice in NJ instead of Brooklyn.  This is dumb, it's a bit like being a visiting team for home games (shooters need to get used to the lighting and the floor to be at their best)
GaspoMinnyFan981::Did u update your brick list worst?
nba is the worst::just kobe and Westbrick - guess I'd better get busy
Aicyla22::thats weird i wonder why
Lebron James MVPX3::Bottom line - 20-6   #1 in the East and playing well Right on track...........I'll take it
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::And that's for a team that "can't win without 10+ fts" or "ref help". So much for the Heat needing "ref help".
Djuki 3::good day ol chaps, im outta here :)
beavis4play::damn, djuki....i stopped on the boards this morning for a few minutes and you were here....come back now, 12 hours later and you're still here?
nba is the worst::G'day duro
Aicyla22::good day sir
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Take it easy
cbbaseball19::good day sir!
cbbaseball19::Aicyla22 im not telling ----------------- Why not?! Still nine minutes left at work!
Aicyla22::bc i cant divulge all of our secrets
Aicyla22::no it still wouldnt be easy
cbbaseball19::bahahaha then it would be too easy lol
Aicyla22::i cant explain to you how to get in our pants its just not right
cbbaseball19::Well thats just wrong.  Women always want certain stuff but they dont tell you what it is.  cant get mad at the guy if he doesnt know! lol
Aint Bout Dis Life::all you sirs and ma'am have a great day now, you hear.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Stay tuned for the next game of "dialed back ref help" for the Heat.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Speak truth my friend, speak truth.
cbbaseball19::-29 FTAs for the Heat in last 4 games. Record: 4-0
cbbaseball19::good day sir
Aicyla22::good day sir
nba is the worst::Later Aint
Djuki 3::good day ol chap
nba is the worst::Man, tough shooting day on the court - felt like Norris or something :(
nba is the worst::Norris Cole - Chuck Norris would have meant a good day.  Kobe's back up to 48% - I'd have taken that in a heartbeat
cbbaseball19::Ill let you know how mine goes.  Im playing at 6 30 outdoors! Where the real men play!
Aicyla22::yea youre right i wouldnt know about that though mines are too slantly
cbbaseball19::People with no eyes because Weston is filled with hispanics lol
Djuki 3::Alycia that's just a silly stereotype invented by people with eyesight
Aicyla22::too many white people cant be true
cbbaseball19::You know it!  There are actually really good players out there and its always filled with people.
Aicyla22::weston?
Aint Bout Dis Life::you mean you felt like kobe
Djuki 3::Chuck Norris?
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::More name calling from a butthurt outsider. We're "pathetic" and "clueless" for not agreeing with him.
Djuki 3::everyone who really knows D-Wade, knows that he's very honest, and classy and humble, i wish i can be like him
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::So do the outsiders.
Aint Bout Dis Life::wheres king lebrian karate kid at. hes probably the most interesting man on these boards.
Djuki 3::no argument there
Aicyla22::im looking forward to all that nonsense when im bored out of my mind tomorrow
Aint Bout Dis Life::its basically all about karate, his mom, being in his 30s and lebron and miami heat gear
Aicyla22::i missed a lot of his antics
Aint Bout Dis Life::idk about that aicyla!
Aicyla22::none
Aint Bout Dis Life::i wonder how much of the stuff he says, he makes up
Djuki 3::worst, what do you think about Sessions' classless move to try to hump Wade, and Wade's reflexes preventing that
nba is the worst::Still trying to blame the victim I see - heat fans are so pathetic
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::@Djuki  It's a valid rape as long as its against the Heat.  Signed - B. Worst
Djuki 3::what would you do in cases of rape defense????
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Sessions like throwing his junk on players legs.
Aicyla22::hes classy
Aicyla22::im not b. worst, but i think if you really want to rub you pee pee on someone you should at least ask first
Aicyla22::im not telling
Djuki 3::poems?
cbbaseball19::Whats the exception?
Aicyla22::sometimes
cbbaseball19::Doesnt it depend on where dinner is though?
Aicyla22::yes dinners always nice
cbbaseball19::Dont tell Knicks fan that lol
Djuki 3::agreed! he didn't even take him out to dinner
nba is the worst::Nets just fired Avery Johnson
nba is the worst::Sorry, just got back from the gym and the Billy King presser was on NBA TV
cbbaseball19::My apologies.  good day sir
Aicyla22::false alarm cb hes plotting something for sure
Aicyla22::b. worst was trying to be nice for once, give him a break
Aicyla22::youre probably right, this may all be part of his master plan...
Djuki 3::i don't know, i smell a D-Wade comment in a few seconds =/
cbbaseball19::Welcome to about two or three hours ago
Aint Bout Dis Life::hahaaa
uncallday252::Miami is looking good right now, gonna be hard to stop them.
Aint Bout Dis Life::cheaaaaaaaa
Aint Bout Dis Life::you should get a pet parrot for the office to keep everyone entertained.
cbbaseball19::Not sure if thats a good idea.  She probably has the mouth of a sailor!
cbbaseball19::Its stored in the memory bank!
Aicyla22::thats actually factual information cb, dont tell anyone
cbbaseball19::I knew it!
Aicyla22::espn wont allow me to drop f bombs, but yes i am very innocent and nice and sweet and theeeeennn you get to know me mwahahaha
cbbaseball19::Yup.  I think you are secretly innocent in here but out in the real world you drop f bombs like its your job! lol
Aicyla22::me?
Djuki 3::wow! awesome idea!
Aicyla22::we already have one of those, and "shes" jewish and a bull $@%!
Aicyla22::yep, youve got it now
cbbaseball19::Always
Aint Bout Dis Life::and the d.yke is jewish?
Aicyla22::no the d.yke is a parrot
Aint Bout Dis Life::the parrot is a d.yke?
Aicyla22::d.yke
Djuki 3::moment of silence for little eric spoelstra ...................................
Djuki 3::i blame the negligent owner
Aicyla22::but i think it was the wonton container bc she was left alone for days with time release food and didnt kill herself
Djuki 3::unless the fish was depressed and wanted to off herself
cbbaseball19::Shes wanted now in all 50 states!
Aint Bout Dis Life::if were gonna blame someone, i guess we should start with her.
Aicyla22:::(
cbbaseball19::................
Aint Bout Dis Life::may he no longer have to suffer in a bowl of wonton soup.
Aint Bout Dis Life::sorry my clock must be fast.
Aicyla22::that was 36 seconds, not 1 moment, youre so disrepectful!
Aint Bout Dis Life::hows everyones day at work going
cbbaseball19::35 minutes!
Aicyla22::great besides eric's untimely passing
Aint Bout Dis Life::rip little eric the fish
Djuki 3::almost over 36min
Aint Bout Dis Life::ya i think im gonna leave a little early today
Aint Bout Dis Life::good day sirs and ma'am
Djuki 3::good day ol chap!
Aicyla22::good day
cbbaseball19::I got your back
Aicyla22::good looking out
cbbaseball19::......................................................................SIR
cbbaseball19::good day sir
MiamiFan2004::See you all in the Det-riot thread tomorrow.  I wonder if there will be Bad Boy Piston fans to talk to about the Malice in the Palace....
Aicyla22::good day sir
Aicyla22::oh yea annddd
Aicyla22::we shall see, youd think the level of poverty in that city would humble some people. but probably not
DOTM Optimus Prime::Stinky $@%!$@
cbbaseball19::Not me! Im off tomorrow!
cbbaseball19::Oh wait..................good day sir!
Djuki 3::good day sir!
Djuki 3::He meant that he's younger than you Alycia and he beat you to Vegas
Aicyla22::oh i see idk i dont have much of a desire to visit vegas for some reason
Aicyla22::noooo
cbbaseball19::Alchy!
Aicyla22::what i meant is i dont party until the wee hours of the night i get tired
Djuki 3::drinking by yourself would state the opposite ;)
Aicyla22::yes and also im not much of a partier
cbbaseball19::Truth
Djuki 3::yeah it's more of a guy's paradise, i can see that
cbbaseball19::Indeed
Djuki 3::i'm going to Vegas junior tomorrow and taking a half day from work so i can drink and gamble like a degenerate
cbbaseball19::Atlantic city?
cbbaseball19:::(
Aicyla22::13 seconds late
Djuki 3::you are correct as well good chap
Aicyla22::atlantic city?
Djuki 3::haha no, i've never been with a prostitute
cbbaseball19::They have everything here.  They put in craps and roulette at the Hardrock.  Its electronic though lol
Aicyla22::ohhhh thats why you like it there
Aicyla22::but here duro theres only slots, poker, and black jack here
Djuki 3::and another word similar to slots, but replace one of the letters with a u
Aicyla22::beat me to vegas?
cbbaseball19::As soon as you land at the airport they have tons of slots waiting for you lol
Djuki 3::Vegas is like another planet, i can't describe
cbbaseball19::There are quite a few.
Djuki 3::i didn't know FL had casinos, hmmm i might visit
cbbaseball19::I beat you to Vegas?!?!
Aicyla22::ive never been to vegas
Aicyla22::i see we have a lot of casinos down here but i hate the cigarette smoke so i dont go often
Djuki 3::and vegas once a year
cbbaseball19::Im gonna go to the Hardrock!
Djuki 3::like once every 2-3 months
Aicyla22::you go there often?
cbbaseball19::Beat me! Damn
Djuki 3::you are correct ma'am
koke001::I'm out see y'all later
MiamiFan2004::good day sir
cbbaseball19::good day sir
Aicyla22::good day sir
Djuki 3::good day sir
koke001::UD is Mr 305
MiamiFan2004::aint about this life might be our karate man...
Aicyla22::isnt that pitbull?
Aicyla22::thank you for that sweet brown
cbbaseball19::AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FO DAT!
Aicyla22::oh okay sorry, yes hes not about dat life
Djuki 3::me neither, just play along
Aicyla22::i know duro but im not sure what that life entails
Djuki 3::lol that username he was referring to "aint about that life"
koke001::The 305 life
Aicyla22::what life?
koke001::Pittbull is a phony, he ain't about that life
cbbaseball19::Aicyla22 you pansy -------------- Not drinking alone makes me a pansy?! It makes me feel like an alcoholic lol
MiamiFan2004::I gotta drink alone!  If the family is with me, they give me grief.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpzqQst-Sg8
Aicyla22::why?
Mambaholic 33::Way over here!
Mambaholic 33::That's why Mambaholic never quits...   -- sorry couldn't help myself
Aicyla22::wait what? where did you come from?
Aicyla22::lol yes i drink by myself all the time, I'm not an alcoholic though, I'm Polish
Aicyla22::okay cool i feel better about myself already
cbbaseball19::No.  If it was liquor or beer then yeah Id say you are in denial
Aicyla22::so im not in denial?
cbbaseball19::Wine is different lol
Aicyla22::nooo iim not an alcoholic i just like wine by myself and/or with others
cbbaseball19::Thats cheating.  You are an alcoholic.  Theres nothing wrong with that though, AA is for quitters! lol
Aicyla22::exactly
Djuki 3::ah the Polish crutch you're using! the first hint is denial!
cbbaseball19::So being Polish means you are not alcoholic?
Djuki 3::i agree with you cb, it's weird for me as well to drink alone but i do admit it happens sometimes
koke001::http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/miami-heat/sfl-miami-heat-dexter-pittman-photo-s122712,0,132286.story  Heat need him back
MiamiFan2004::Pittman was our safety net.  You NEED to have that one guy that is willing to take out the opposing star.  Now teams will go after LeBron, Wade, and Bosh, knowing that James Jones can't work the clothesline like Pittman.
MiamiFan2004::UD tried in the OKC game.  He ended up doing nothing, becuase he is still needed in the rotation.  Step 1. Time out. Step 2. Insert Pittman. Step 3. Durant is grabbing his throat in pain. Step 4. Insert Haslem, profit.
cbbaseball19::Im in agreement with UD.  He can handle someone if he has to
Aicyla22::what?! no way thats what UD's for
cbbaseball19::DEUCES! Next up, Rashard Lewis!
cbbaseball19::He's Fired!
Aicyla22::no way he has barely played
koke001::Tebow sucks
cbbaseball19::Yeah time next to Tebow on the bench!
Aicyla22::no not yet he needs time
Aicyla22::thats a negative
Aicyla22::oh yes sorry
koke001::Don't forgot the elbow
Aicyla22::why his fat $@% is the best at warming the bench?
koke001::False Heat can't win another championship without Pittman
01Bulls4life::Okay peeps, Bye!
MiamiFan2004::good day! sir.
Djuki 3::good day sir
koke001::Lol
cbbaseball19::.
Aicyla22::good day sir
koke001::good say sir
cbbaseball19::good day sir
koke001::I love cheeseburgers
Djuki 3::i had one today for lunch as well but it was in hetero town
MiamiFan2004::Aicyla22 - haha the gays know their meat...  LOL!
Aicyla22::haha the gays know their meat...
koke001::I'm about to have one in Mac Town
Aicyla22::i had a cheeseburger for lunch in gay town it was yummy
Aicyla22::i had guac ched and bacon on mine, but they have this onion bacon jam that is amazing
cbbaseball19::the simple bacon cheeseburger lol
Aicyla22::http://blogs.browardpalmbeach.com/cleanplatecharlie/2011/05/georgies_alibi_burger_battle_winning_burger.php
cbbaseball19::Nope I dont think Ive ever been.  Dont know if I plan on going there either.  Never heard of anything good in there
Aicyla22::you got it cb, i doubt you'll ever venture there but if you do georgies alibi has amazing burgers
cbbaseball19::Wilton manors?!?!
koke001::Gay Town?
Djuki 3::hey that was my post like 2 hours ago =P
koke001::Lol
MiamiFan2004::Sorry about the dead fish.  What breed was it, goldfish?  Beta?
MiamiFan2004::They don't commit suicide.  You need to look for the murderer.  It is likely something like this:  http://aquariumfishparadise.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/half-moon-fighter.jpg
Aicyla22::no other fishies were around she jumped ship
Aicyla22::siamese fighting fish
cbbaseball19::Damn I missed dollarmania yesterday!!!!
Aicyla22::haha @ that sub place?
Aicyla22::you pansy
cbbaseball19::I dont drink alone lol. ABY has dollar beers tonight though :)
Aicyla22::let me tell you a little secret, if you go buy a 6 pack then you will be able to have dollar beers today
cbbaseball19::sandwich* yes.  I missed dollar beers :(
Djuki 3::Bills - Packers Superbowl!
cbbaseball19::Packers all day!
01Bulls4life::FU CCBASEBALL.. LOL
cbbaseball19::Missing the playoffs lol
01Bulls4life::BEARS!!!
01Bulls4life::2089-  I won't be here to see that.
Djuki 3::haha yeah i know, probably true
Aint Bout Dis Life::you cant name a female fish 'erik spolestra' it should be erika.
MiamiFan2004::Eric Spoelstra is dead?   Start that rumor on ESPN....
Aicyla22::haha yea go test it out on the avery board
Aicyla22::she was a transgender fish
cbbaseball19::She can name it whatever she wants, its her fish lol
Aicyla22::no way! she was an awesome fish!
Aint Bout Dis Life::but its degrading to coach spo
Aicyla22::thank you cb and thats exactly what i did
01Bulls4life::What's up everyone
Aint Bout Dis Life::good day .......................sir
01Bulls4life::good day to you too.
cbbaseball19::good day sir
01Bulls4life::Good day to you as well sir.  Wow, everyone seem so happy today.
Djuki 3::good day sir
01Bulls4life::Good day Duro.
Aicyla22::good day sir
Aicyla22::thanks, im okay...
01Bulls4life::Hey you. Nice photo.  How are you?
Aicyla22::I have some really sad news that i just discovered 2 mins ago!
MiamiFan2004::Your fish is in the office?
Aicyla22::yes
cbbaseball19::Your fish died?
cbbaseball19::It means fish are not meant to live in a wonton soup bowl lol
Aicyla22::her name was eric spoelstra
Djuki 3::was its name Alonzo?
Aicyla22::i really liked that fish :(
Aint Bout Dis Life::good thing fish are easily replaceable.
Aicyla22::whats the supposed to mean cb? whats wrong with chinese things?!
Aicyla22::i dont think u were here earlier I broke its fish bowl so i temporarily put it in a wonton soup container and i just went to go feed it and it was dead on the floor!
cbbaseball19::Thats what happens when you leave it in a chinese soup bowl!
Djuki 3::haha sure "suicide"
Aint Bout Dis Life::its a depressing time of year.
Aicyla22::it freakin committed suicide while i was at lunch!
Aicyla22::yes!!!!
Aint Bout Dis Life::youre pregnant?
Aicyla22::nooooo
cbbaseball19::Basketball at Weston Regional! 6:30 whos down?
Djuki 3::i'm down, but i'm in ny and there's traffic
Aint Bout Dis Life::only if thats in PA
cbbaseball19::Nope
Aicyla22::huh?
Aicyla22::oh i see
cbbaseball19::Getting people to go play basketball today sheesh!
Aint Bout Dis Life::im glad christmas is over, it freakin sucked this year.
MiamiFan2004::Orthodox Catholics celebrate on a different day.
Djuki 3::well mine didn't happen yet, you can celebrate with me
Djuki 3::not sure exactly, i'm not that religious lol
Aint Bout Dis Life::me confused...mayan calendar?
Aicyla22::serbians are weird
Djuki 3::different calendar =P
Aint Bout Dis Life::why didnt yours happen yet?
Aicyla22::why?
Aicyla22::im bored already, shoot
Aint Bout Dis Life::eh a couple of reasons, no need to bore you with the details.
