Bob::Kobe needs to get his axz back ASAP. Lakers are actually developing good chemistry and hustling on defense. Kobe has to restore order here, before he loses this team completely.
Ddog::The Warriors are not the same without Curry, but why did they let J. Jack walk?
knucklevision::Hey ESPN, So glad I got to look at Steve Nash's  head while he talked all through the 3rd quarter instead of the basketball game, it is so much more important to watch someone watch the game than to see or hear any commentary on the game.  NBA FAIL network.
LeRoyM::The Warriors have a nice startiing five, but no bench, as the season goes forward and guys wear down, it's really going to show, fun team, but not a contender in the playoffs.
Captin_Irk::The Lakers played strong defense all game long forcing the Warriors to keep passing the ball with time running out a lot. The first round draft picks we have are getting stronger & stronger in games which makes it fun to watch. Loved the great ENERGY!
Neal::This game is in the refrigerator. The door is shut, the lights are out, the eggs are cold, the butters getting hard, and the jello is jiggling.
caligirl::I know it's just the first quarter, so i don't to jinx Pau. I really hope that he's going to get out his shooting slump.
Logic::Great to see all the know nothing Laker fans chest pounding after a win at home against an injury decimated GS team. GS and LA at full strength is no match. Enjoy while Curry, O'Neal, Douglas and Ezili sit. Once GS gets a couple of players back LA will go down in flames.
Ddog::It really is too bad that Curry is hurt so much. As a Dodger fan, dealing with Matt Kemp this past season must have been much like what GS fans have endured. Hopefully he plays in more games than he did last year and continues to improve on that.
DC::I see you Naturally Tanned Man! Just went through my posts and thumbed down anything I said regardless of what it was! Matter fact you thumbed down anything having to do with the Lakers and anything positive. You even thumbed down comments about Pau's donations to the Philippines. This is the level that you have stooped to ... just because your "prediction" of the Lakers getting blown out isn't coming to fruition.
