Copious_Fred::We shouldn't over look the play and leadership David West has shown all year. He's been the anchor for this team down the stretch. This team is clicking even with Roy Hibbert playing poorly and Danny hurt. Its going to be interesting to see what the future holds.
RabbiLevine::Paul George should represent the Pacers in the All Star game.  17 PPG, 7 RPG, 1.4 Steals, 4 Assists.  Dude has been carrying the Pacers besides West and Hill.
carlmatrix::Roy hibbert isn't worth in a max contract. damn. what a clown
jeffcastillo1970::have been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for  only two months and have profitted about 3K each month just following its tips. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
jeffcastillo1970::Your mom said what?
Romney47percent::Your mom said ur queer!!
jeffcastillo1970::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems.
LeWade Paul::Man I love Paul George, he kind of has a Lebron type skill set as in he can pass, score and rebound all very well. Glad he's finally being so consistent, one of my favourite players
OlBoyP::paul is a better shooter
mksatx::hi im lebron james. i played 40 min. tonight and got called for zero fouls.  yes im that good
smreilly22::No one gives any...
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Paul George is THE MAN
SuiradSivad::What happened to George Hill?
Taco with a Q::thigh contusion
dancoltsfan1781::Hansbrough once again doesn't get any minutes, whats with this stupid coach?
ReppinRed84::You mean Hansbrough, the guy who hasn't passed the ball out of the post in .... never!? Hansbrough's scrappy. He's a hustler....nothing more. Don't get bent that he's only getting 15 mins.. think your lucky jewels it's not more.
ThaDestroyer23::You mean the stupid coach that took over a quagmire of a team from Jim O'Brien, and turned them into the team with the 5th best record in the league?  That coach?
geordiandben::Did you watch him against the Hawks?  Not exactly an all-star.
dancoltsfan1781::That's my issue he doesn't play enough.
Denis2224::Did you even watch this game?
Taco with a Q::Hans played dude
Taco with a Q::had 15 minutes
hoops 112hoping::Do you think vogel would do the same thing as last year and switch the point guards' roles after an injury? I would really doubt it...
geordiandben::no way. As bad as Augustin has played off the bench, Hill has a big contract and has played well all season.  Vogel would get killed in the media if that were ti happen.
Warren56847::A win on Pacers ML
Taco with a Q::Oh well, still leading the division and gaining confedence
AdShizzlack::Ugly win but better than an ugly loss
AdShizzlack::Lance needs to learn a reverse layup
AdShizzlack::LOL that'd learn him!
smreilly22::Agreed. Every time he missed one, I wanted to kick him balls.
ovechkinsgoal::but beal stinks, though
AdShizzlack::Good timing on the joke bro
MasterOfLogic::Nice try lol
ovechkinsgoal::it was a joke.
AdShizzlack::Good timing bro
AINOKEALLBUSUFAKAWOT::Wow i hope the Pacers lose.  How they blow the cover in like 3 plays.  They were just up by 11
Taco with a Q::they wont
MasterOfLogic::Get used to it, they do it all the time.
Taco with a Q::Thought Id never say this but Im glad Im saying this,  DJ is playing well
AdShizzlack::Agreed. Actually feel confident with him having the ball. Really pray it continues when he goes back to the bench
Taco with a Q::Magic making a comeback!!
MasterOfLogic::So much for that comeback...
Taco with a Q::i know right. ugh
AdShizzlack::Go Magic
AdShizzlack::Taco with a Q and RoyHibbertKisser are u on twitter?
Taco with a Q::Im not no
AdShizzlack::Wish Hibbert was mentally strong like West
AdShizzlack::And unfortunately Hibbert is probably the weakest mentally....
Taco with a Q::Thats asking a lot cause West is one of the strongest in the NBA
MasterOfLogic::Put Mahinmi back in there, he's way better than hibbert.
AdShizzlack::Pacers got screwed with the re-schedule of Bulls game
AdShizzlack::Bulls, 76ers and Hawks
NGplayinskillz::Y u say that?
Taco with a Q::back to back to back
Taco with a Q::They really did
masterjoe712::Hibbert should be banned from shooting
AdShizzlack::Get Plumlee some run here
AdShizzlack::Mack truck there
AdShizzlack::Hibbert shouldnt get the ball unless he is already in the paint
itsover2222::so hows bradley beal working out
PartTimeHomer::He's working out fine. 4th in the league in rookie scoring. What's your point?
royhibbertgoodkisser@yahoo.com::any1 wana come to my vegan bbq? i toss a mean salad!
AdShizzlack::LOL
royhibbertgoodkisser@yahoo.com::jelly to toss sald with
AdShizzlack::What's the BBQ used to cook then?
phock619::And the wizards picked John Wall over Paul George SMH
PartTimeHomer::You're acting like John Wall wouldn't have been ROY had the NBA not had a $@%!$@ for Griffin, though.
AdShizzlack::George just took over!
azehr31::pacers have to resign paul george a.s.a.p!
AdShizzlack::And West
MasterOfLogic::Holy mackerel George...
AdShizzlack::Seraphin is nice
royhibbertgoodkisser@yahoo.com::randy whittman leads the league in open mouth stares of dissapointment
AdShizzlack::His mouth is open for a sloppy kiss from Hibs
leo9212::Dam okc is down 22 against bkn in the second quarter
AdShizzlack::Wow...James Naismith is rolling over in his grave
leo9212::wel i think we can say that pacers got this
leo9212::lol crawford makes crazy shots but misses easy shots
PartTimeHomer::Okafor, too? Randy's style of coaching is terrible. If he even has a style beyond sitting on the bench and not caring or standing up with his arms folded, looking annoyed.
leo9212::Seraphin has a really good jumper
AdShizzlack::Hill injury has been a blessing for DJ
cmonsey9::pacers finally pulling away
PartTimeHomer::Seraphin needs to realize that we don't need another perimeter shooter. Wish he would work on his inside game and passing out of double teams as much as he works on his jumper.
ovechkinsgoal::it's poor coaching.  this is what ticks me off about whitman.  he lets okafor and seraphin get away with being mid-range players.
PartTimeHomer::haha -- just posted about the coaching before scrolling down to read this  But yeah. Not a good coach.
Marty3531::wizards always make it close or relatively close and then they lose. Indiana should win the game
Taco with a Q::Damn Bulls are kidding the Magic...grrr
ovechkinsgoal::pacers are a solid team, but have not one player that strikes fear in another team.  not one.  hard to win in this league if you don't have a true superstar.  just pointing out facts.
ovechkinsgoal::when it's game 7 in the nba finals, who's taking the last shot?
leo9212::you don;t understand is no superstar is going to play for a small market team
Taco with a Q::We get your point dude
ovechkinsgoal::dallas had dirk.  miami has wade or lebron.  okc has durant or russell.  it's hard to win it all in a superstar league without a superstar.
Taco with a Q::Hill is clutch too
leo9212::David west or Granger pretty much
leo9212::that go to guy was pretty much Granger. But yeah I agree, but the fact is no superstar is going to come to a small market team.
Taco with a Q::Pacers have the best team without one too
ovechkinsgoal::that's fine, but who's your go-to player?
AdShizzlack::Gotta finish that PG
MasterOfLogic::Just sit stinkin West until the fourth quarter... I'm sick of watching his bricks through the first three quarters.
AdShizzlack::He's getting good shots..but yeah probably time for some Psycho T
CULLEOKATN::This Ind team shoud be taken off the floor. Struggling with basically a college team lol. They are a joke. Hope they dont take up someone elses spot in the playoffs that deserve it. Ind doesnt deserve to be in consideration after this pathetic showing. NO HEART AT ALL
CULLEOKATN::b  e   a  n   e   r, guess u r so rite. Dont have a quater to bet, so just watching and wishing
Taco with a Q::your an obvious gambler
Taco with a Q::Lol anger management is calling your name buddy
CULLEOKATN::ok $@%!$@
leo9212::U MAD BRO
Taco with a Q::Im sorry I didnt quite get that
CULLEOKATN::No I bet the Pacer scum, didnt realize they was this weak. Seriously thought they would put forth an effort, but was wrong. So be it, bet heartless garbage, you deserve it.
Taco with a Q::Some one needs his tampon changed ^^^^
CULLEOKATN::I guess u r a Pacer fan and think they are just having a bad nite lol
Taco with a Q::Well the Pacers are 18-13 without their top scorer and have played the 4th most road games in the NBA....yeah your a $@%!$@% troll thats not even a good one
leo9212::what is your team. Dont tell me the wizards
leo9212::lol troll
