Jbrad24seven113::This Grizz team is very identical to that 2011 team.. Except better IMO.. Still have Gasol, ZBo, Allen &amp; Conley.. Prince playing the Battier role.. Bayless playing the OJ role.. Wroten playing the Vasquez role.. &amp; 2 guys playing the Arthur role.. Davis &amp; DA himself.. Plus Pondexter &amp; 1 extra 3pt threat &amp; big man in Daye.. Gonna be a fun Playoff Ride!!
UofMemphisTigers::Grizz &gt; West
calen4718::Nuggets&gt;Thunder
streamer16::The Thunder will not win the West!
thunderupman::they don't need to. they will win the western conference finals lol. like last year
Jbrad24seven113::What do u think winning the West means?!?!  And he's right.. No Harden will hurt thunder in playoffs
johnholmes6969::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0ef7LrGJLk
fried red lion::jordan with the zen: 6 championships  jordan without the zen: zero championships     kobe with the zen: 5 championships   kobe without the zen: zero championships     lebron with a video coordinator: 1 championship and counting  .....
Deport Ibaka::OKC overrated so badly this year won't make it to WCF if they somehow make it to the finals it will be Miami in 3 games. Yes 3 the first 3 games will be such a bloodbath Stern will cancel the last one
pdiddy0622::That Harden trade will be a bigger deal than OKC could've ever fathomed. They had Harden coming off the bench for God's sake, the BENCH. A guy that could start in most other teams and get big minutes and make big contributions, specially in the 4th quarter (crunch time)! The argument is Ibaka's defense was invaluable, but now they got Ibaka trying to score more and defend less, I guess trying to compensate Harden's points!?$$^^@#$% Don't get it, but I guess as a Heat fan, I'm glad.
EuropeDude1981::sadly you are right. Although the thunder are more 'likeable', they're obviously inferior to miami, maybe even more than last year
AICRCKS::15 minutes of real time for the last 11 seconds game clock of the fourth quarter to go by is pretty creative clock management.
AKsparky907::Yeah, I was thinking the grizz should have shot the three earlier. I was wrong.
ElvinHayesRules::An MVP would have boxed Gasol out. Durant didn't though...
Kmacman::That's not the only reason he's no MVP.  He can't even dribble lately without turning it over.  And I'm a Thunder fan...
Steeler Elder::This was about the worst officiated game i've ever seen. The refs had no control over the game. Random techs getting thrown left and right, traveling in overtime by Durant not called ( 5 steps not 3 lol), blown goal tending, head ref cursing out coaches, Randolph got mugged, Westbrook got mystery foul called on him. Just plain bad. i was at this game last night and the refs had no control at all. They should be fired.
emthomasjr::Westbrook should have been watching the game from the locker room.
Notta Lespn1::Even with 2 of the top scorers' in the league the Thunder struggle to score 89 in OT! Go Bulls? COY THIBS/CO MVP DENG/NOAH
polocash::Scary playoff teams today: Heat Spurs Nuggets Grizz
_Pippen aint easy_::Problem is Ibaka. 2 points, 6 boards and 2 blocks? Sorry - that's not good enough. That guy needs to play better if OKC is going to contend for a title.
KCstills::recap said okc lost to denver 114-110. i thought they checked theirselves for simple typo's. smh. okc needs to get going though, denver and memphis have gained a lot of ground in just 2 nights.
Kmacman::They should definitely check theirselves, huh?
EuropeDude1981::okc couldn't take on denver in a 7 game series right now
EuropeDude1981::does okc need some leadership or what?  while the real contenders (heat &amp; spurs) are taking care of business  and preparing for the stretch run these guys don't look like they've got that die hard mentality that all past champs do have. Don't fool yourselves thunder fans, OKC can't get past the spurs if they dont have home court
polocash::Thunder down .... again
TheFeedMachine::I was watching the highlights, and why didn't OKC call a Timeout after the Gasol Tip In? They still had one left.
Kmacman::Perk brain fart.  He threw it in &amp; that was that.
polocash::Spurs lost with .4 if your hungry you will try anything
doof54::eight tenths of a second left.
johnholmes6969::what a game
SashaNein::GRIT. GRIND. That's how the Griz get it done.  Most don't know this, but the player that changed this team from losers into grinders was Tony Allen. He's only going to get us 8 points a night, but he's damn well gonna keep 20 points off the board, unlike PAU GASOL. Yeah, Pau will score 20, but he'll give up 30 to whoever he's guarding. This team is built with asskickers.
LosHeatSonLosMejores24::Remember when people said OKC could challenge Miami???
SashaNein::You think a loss in the Grindhouse to the 2nd best team in the Western Conference makes OKC bad now? OKC and Memphis can both give Miami fits, especially Memphis. The Griz recently lost to the Heat in Miami by 7 (we beat the Heat by 18 in Memphis), but how well did Lebron do? 4-14? Yeah, that's what I thought.   The Heat proved last night that they're willing to risk anything to keep the streak going instead of resting their players while down 27 in the 3rd. They're either going to be burned out or someone's going to get injured because of how they're playing right now. I hope the Heat keep winning, beating up on the crappy Eastern Conference. It'll make the victory all the more satisfying when OKC or Memphis takes the Heat down in the Finals, assuming Miami even makes it that far.
Pusherman3::Memphis as second best team in the west? Spurs, Nuggets and Clips might have something to say about that....and OKC being the "best" in the west, for that matter.
LosHeatSonLosMejores24::23-5 vs the power house Western Conference........... Buy into the hype about resting players......They are playing to win every night. How well has resting players worked out for San Antonio last few years?? You have a chance at greatness, you take it.  Adversity doesn't build character, it reveals it. Miami is everyones game 7...........
Unsung511::Its time for Durant to take the lead of this team and be a $@%!$@% if he needs to ...West brook has 2 more attempts than durant in the 4th qtr..its starting to affect durants all around game to result in a win...He looks confused when there in tight games...I really don't see these 2 co exist  to win a ring..there's something missing
EuropeDude1981::thunder are just going through the motions. Meanwhile the spurs and heat are locked in and ready to go
Kmacman::What's missing right now is KD's effort.  He's been slacking for a while.  I think he may a little into the 180 thing too much and he has gotten tentative.  Absoultely not RW's fault at all.
Unsung511::I didn't catch the game .. was it  a good game of competition or were the Refs controlling the game..I noticed west brook only had 2 lesser shots than Durant
Pusherman3::Wait, I thought the OKC stars are supposed to be able to close out games.  What happened?
SethyGrizz::Some of the worst reffing I've ever seen. On both teams.
emthomasjr::It was pretty horrible.  I'm not sure how letting Durant take four steps on a key possession that should have been a TO that ended the game qualifies as "letting them play" though.
jg181837::They let the thunder play called touch fouls on the grizz all night
Westjag::These two teams have a tough rep in this rivalry now so the refs probably nt want to change that.
SethyGrizz::I mean that has to be obvious to those guys when they rewatch it. They either don't give a *h*t or they don't like the Grizz or Thunder.
kitastrophy34::they were trying to let them play through the toughness that Memphis embodies as a team... But, yea they need to call that game like they do the rest, I don't care if the Grizz are a physical team..
kitastrophy34::they were letting them play that is for sure....
kitastrophy34::I'm not going to do what everybody thinks I'm gonna do and just FLIP OUT!.....
luvnbayes::Well, OKC fans, another game showing why Westbrook is one of the most overrated players in the league.  20 points on 25 shots.  Yippee!   I hope it's starting to dawn on you how much you are missing Harden in close games.  Did you know that last year he led the league in FT attempts in the 4th quarter?  I know the team couldn't afford to give max deals to Westbrook, Harden, and Ibaka.  They chose to lose Harden.  Wrong choice.  They should have paid Harden and traded Westbrook.
Kmacman::And by the way... the OKC crowd that most say is the best in the NBA?  You can thank RW for being a huge part of that.  His never-ending effort is a big part of what gets the crowd going.  I know that because I'm a regular and have seen it for myself.
Kmacman::Amazing.... Harden is better, huh?  Then why does Westbrook have more assists per game? And why does Westbrook have more rebounds per game? And why does Westbrook have fewer turnovers per game?  Yeah, I'll give you Harden and his extra 3 points per night.  I'll keep the extra assists, extra rebounds, and fewer turnovers, not to mention the havoc RW causes on the defensive end.  Thank you very much.
Westjag::Westbrook isn't a pg. He's a hybrid. He's a natural 2 being asked to play point. And hasddone a hell of a job at it .
firehawk0917::i dont like westbrook.. i respect him but his game i can care less for it...but the way he shoots to score is the same thing Kobe does and no one seems to get on the Mamba about it.. I agree i think harden is a better choice to have kept...he consistently avg's 26/game but is more efficient.. when westbrook is efficient he is amazing but thats inconsistent.. Durant does not need to defer to westbrook at all..gonna be the achilles heel... if they see that as to why they wont win a ring this year i will guarantee westbrook is out of there
Westjag::Tell durant to stop giving Westbrook the ball with 5 seconds on the shotclock to bail out his bad decision. Also don't preach to thunder fans about our own players.
luvnbayes::Gee, I thought this forum was all about letting fans express our opinions.  Guess I was wrong.  RELAX.
kitastrophy34::watch a game and not the stats!
doof54::Grizzlies are in his head.
luvnbayes::I've watched Westbrook make bad decisions since his days at UCLA.  He is an incredible athlete, and a skilled player.  But not a point guard, and not a good decision maker in close games.
jg181837::Lionel hollins should be on the phone with Mr stern and ask why his officials treat the grizz like they do we go down low more than any team but somehow nobody ever fouls us
luvnbayes::You must be kidding.  Hollins loves the refs.  He knows his team fouls more than anybody else, and that the refs get tired and stop calling them, usually in the second half of games.  You have excellent defensiver players.  And they are all the masters of the half foul.  No one reaches as much as the Grizzlies.
mbwade4399::No freaking kidding! That crap with ZBO and Collision last night where ZBO somehow got the technical was complete BS.... I hope that ref never refs another game of his life
Ty THE AMERICAN HOPE Lawson::hahaha loved how the refs "missed" durant's 5-step crip walk in the paint before westbrook drove in for a finger roll in the closing seconds. grizz showed a lot of perseverance, didn't hang their heads, and got the dub they deserved thanks to marc.    i'll tell ya, 5 vs 8 is a tough matchup, and the grizz were able to overcome.  props.
doof54::This win gave Memphis the tiebreaker over Oklahoma City, who now is only three games ahead of them in the standings, two in the loss column.  ... and really, really rattled them, much like the win over the Clippers in terms of morale.
doof54::Got in their heads.. let it play out. All we can do is win ours.  ...oh, and attempt to demoralize our rivals, so it carries over to other games.  Did it to the Clipps and Boomers. Tried to against the Nuggs, ran out of gas at the end (that one mile up gimmick)
nargash35-Manimal::Do you think Thunder can drop 3 games rest of the way? Their schedule isn't really that hard..!!
UofMemphisTigers::The Thunder have a tough stretch to open April with the Spurs &amp; Pacers back-to-back, then the Knicks, Warriors, and Jazz. All 5 are playoff teams that will be fighting for seed position. They better hope Denver doesn't sneak up and catch them. They could be looking at the 5 seed.
Westjag::Good game Grizz. Some of you idiots really make me sick. How can constantly dog on Westbrook's play . If you REALLY watch and know the game, you'll see that Durant needs criticism. This guy does NOTHING away or off the ball on offense. Westbrook CONSTANTLY uses screens to set Durant up and defer to him. When Durant doesn't get the ball you know what he does? Gives up and pouts. He stands on top of the key and watches the offense when the ball isn't in his hands. Then if he actually has a good defender on him, he goes to the rip move and gets caught up. Once he gets himself in trouble you know what he does with 5 seconds on the playclock? Passes to Westbrook who HAS to  put the ball up. Of course It's a low percentage shot, giving idiots the "westbrik" pass. Durant just simply is not that consistent at Anthony but scoring. He doesn't box out, set the tempo like Westbrook,. He gets pushed around out there all the time too. You all are criticizing the wrong player.
Kmacman::Unless you know him personally, you just can't say he's one of the most messed up people ever seen.  You kinda throw away your creditibility with comments like that. Westbrook's rep is that he's a great guy around the community.  I'm guessing you know nothing about him other than that he scowls on the hardwood.
Kmacman::Definitely you.
mbwade4399::Hahahaha he wouldn't even still be playing if it happened every game???? He'd been kicked off the team a loonggg time ago no matter how good he is if he through a tantrum like that every game. He's an embarassment to your record.... I wouldn't want wins with that guy. That's just me I guess.... He's one of the most messed up people I've ever seen. You can twist it however you want but the fact that it's happened enough times for him to build a reputation about it and everyone in the country know what kind of player he is, is all that needs to be said..... He's a baby, an embarrassment, and needs a reality check..... OKC never wins a title in the next 10 years. Bet.
Kmacman::To be fair, I can see that RW is a guy that you love having on your team, but you hate like Hell if he's not on your team.    The temper is part of what makes him great, but he does need to keep it under control.  His outbursts have actually been few and far between.  They get a lot of play on ESPN so everybody gets the impression it happens every time down the court.  It doesn't.
mbwade4399::He does... He acts like a little $@%!$@ kid every game and nothing happens to him.... It's ridiculous... If he tried pullin that crap like purposely pushing Gasol for no reason?? in the streets of memphis, yes his face would be broken before he could even finish the first quarter.... I really don't get how yall can be proud of a guy like that. That's not sportsmanship, being a man, or the right way to win... None of that gets you respect for that idiot which is why no one else in the country likes him.
Kmacman::Westjag, your observations are spot on! It's good to see somebody here who actually sees what's going on.  It just amazes me how these idiots just keep pushing the hatred on to RW and give KD a free pass no matter what either of them does.  RW has flat out carried this team over the last 20 games.  He's shoots a higher percentage, has more assists, and has fewer turnovers that KD over that span.  In fact, since the break, KD is ranked 409th out of 409 players in turnovers per game.  He most definitely derserves some criticism and the stats don't even begin to show how lazy he has been on the boards and on defense.  We love Westbrook, damn right we do.  We love KD too, but he's got to start showing the effort... and soon.
Westjag::"Deserves to have his face broken" ? Ok
mbwade4399::I just don't see how you could even defend a player like Westbrook. Sure he's one of the better PG's in the league but a kid, yes - A KID, like that on my team would embarass the hell out of me every game to where I'd be ashamed to call myself a thunderfan....
Westjag::Ok. Ha Glad he's with us !
Westjag::I'm not talking out my a** here. I DVR EVERY game. Onl missed Mavs game bc I was out of town
mbwade4399::Um KD scored 32 points last night? How is he not a good scorer? Sounds like you just have a little bit of personal vendetta against KD. Did he make fun of your haircut or something Westjag? And yea I'd be so proud of a little baby that throw temper-tantrums every single game on my team.... What an awesome guy yall got there in westbrick..... Just sayin that BS with Gasol in the first half. Complete immaturity and he deserves to get curb-stomped for it..... Does it make you proud to see a guy on your team act like a little kid about everything? What a great player. Must make yall so proud.
Westjag::And nope nothing personal against Durant. I've met him once got a picture with the guy he's awesome. He banks at my mom's job too. I just give criticism where its due. You don't hear the "sports animal" radio station here in OKC. I'm not the first to criticize KD.
mbwade4399::Westbrook is a $@% immature baby that deserves to have his face broken
Westjag::Hell yea Westbrook makes us proud. He fires this team up night in and out. You don't see every game so of course you see only what ESPN highlights. And you obviously haven't seen my previous posts. I did expect Westbrook to get thrown out and would have been fine with it
Westjag::??? Who said he wasn't a good scorer??
jg181837::Yea but Durant complains westbrick is a punk watch last night's first quarter
Westjag::My definition of a punk is someone who is a bully or gets pushed around. KD gets pushed around. Westbrook is hot headed but does NOT get punked on.
jg181837::Kd does more with a lot less shots than westbrick and westbricks john Starks temper will hurt him in the end
Westjag::So you agree that KD is just a more efficient scorer? Durant still has more techs than Westbrook.
nargash35-Manimal::Ok. Westbrook is better than KD..!!
Westjag::At times  no doubt
jg181837::You think Perkins has night terrors about gasol ?
Kmacman::Wow, I guess Zbo should be allowed to lower his shoulder and bowl over anybody that gets in his way.
jg181837::Depend on the refs they helped Collison a lot
Westjag::Dude really?? Refs help COLLISON?? I've heard it all now.
jg181837::Depends who are the refs they helped Collison a lot
Westjag::Nope Randolph will about nick Collison though
doof54::"Lionel Hollins could be heard jawing with the officials throughout the game, complaining about how one sided the game was being called. The box score doesn't show that the game was called that unevenly, but you could definitely see where the Thunder's superstar status gave them the benefit of the doubt all throughout the night, including Russell Westbrook not being ejected from the game after picking up a quick technical and then shoving Marc Gasol, after blatantly running into him and then complaining about the foul call."   - Keith Edwards, Grizzly Bear Blues  http://www.grizzlybearblues.com/2013/3/20/4130340/play-til-the-whistle-grizz-top-thunder-in-ot
Kmacman::Agreed.  Zbo should have had at least 14 fouls.
1grizzfan4life::Some of the worst officiating I've ever seen.
Westjag::I'm a thunder fan and I wouldn't had minded Westbrook getting ejected. I thought he was so yeah the superstar status came into play
Lebroncouldcareless::SHAKING MY DAMN HEAD,,,KD HOW CAN YOU LET ME DOWN LIKE THIS DUDE?!?!?!?  ~LEBRON
ddd007ddd::WHAT IS HAPPENING IN THUNDERLAND????????????????????????????
doof54::There should be an investigation into the refs attempt to giftwrap that game for the Thunder.  Westbrook committed 2 techs right at the beginning, refs refused to call the 2nd one.  Durant's parade to the freethrow line in the 3rd/4th was totally ridiculous.  Refusal to call the fouls against Collison on Zach while shooting in the fourth, including 4 fouls on the last possession, then T'd up Zach.  Durant blatant traveling violation under a minute left in regulation.
Kmacman::And the refs more than took care of you by letting Gasol shove KD under the hoop so he could get the tip.  That was pretty, pretty bad...
Kmacman::I'll give you the Durant travel.  I honestly thought he could have been called for charging before he traveled.   But Collison did a great job on Zbo.  Kept his hands up and bodied up on Z by moving his feet.  That was textbook on how to play D against a man that is bigger and stronger than you.
doof54::Zach Randolph was physically assaulted the entire night, specifically the entire second half and overtime. A foul was called on a player defending Zach exactly twice. Four free throw attempts.  What did it take to get called for fouling Durant? Specifically when he scored 19 stright points for the Thunder during the 3rd and 4th quarters?
DoubleKK74::The traveling call was the worst and it nearly cost Memphis the game.  I don't like complaining about refs, but come on Memphis has gotten the short-end of the stick in the past 4 games.  What does a team have to do to get some respect in the NBA?
doof54::See my quote above from Keith Edwards at SBNation / GrizzlyBearBlues.
DoubleKK74::Yes the refs were awful, but the tech on Z-Bo was completely legitimate.  Not trying to defend the refs at all they were turrible.
doof54::Oh, Zach committed the tech. Walked right up to the ref and said "Call the damm foul". He had just been fouled 4 times on that one possession and Michael Smith stood there and watched. Zach had been fouled by Collison each time he touched the ball on the prior several possessions. Most of the fourth quarter.  Touch fouls on one end... no calls on the other end.
doof54::Specifically, they need to investigate referee Michael Smith.  He must have been paid off.
ThunderHornz::Congrats Memphis-good luck and good health going forward!
1grizzfan4life::Thanks. Back at ya!
Ivanov21::Thunder need to add depth to their team. OKC scoring = KD, Westbrook , Martin
ThunderHornz::Brooks is giving me an ulcer! I think the team has checked out a little too.
HNx123456789::TigerF4ever - Agreed The Lakers were supposed to win the finals when Dwight Howard came over but he cant handle it and I bet the Heat lose most of their games to West teams  The heat have a better record against the west than against the east this season....23-5 vs west, 30-9 vs east
SMANGANG::West Playoffs 1st round... 1 spurs vs 8 Lakers... Lakers win in 7 2 Thunder vs 7 Rockets... Rockets also win in 7 3 Grizzlies vs 6 Warriors... Grizzlies in 5 or 6 4 Clippers vs 5 Nuggets... Nuggets win in 7 on their home court...
pdiddy0622::smangang has lakers advancing  and grizz struggling vs warriors no merit, total laker fan
MemphisSwag::Did he say Lakers?
mark48424::Spurs in 5.
Latinofire20::Lakers and Rockets advance?? what are you smoking??
Wolfy_Pants::im glad westbrook didnt get ejected in the first as some were hoping for... we needed his performance tonight to come away with the win
doof54::Westbrook filled with dumb hate, plowed into Marc on the first possession. Got T'd up. Continued to commit what should have been called a tech, showing up the ref. would not stop.  Definitely should have been called for the second tech and ejected. The refs just didn't have the cohones to make the call. In that instance, the refs probably did the right thing.  The rest of the game, the refs did the wrong thing. So blatant, they should investigate a payoff.
bgibbs813::I see what you did there.
MemphisSwag::He is saying Westbrook helps us with his dumb shot selection.
BuffaloBiLLiaM::umm...OkC DIDN'T win
SouthStander132::He's a Memphis fan
itmakessense::Rondo for Westbrook.
ESPN is a J0ke::I would go with that. But Durant cant be your only scoring option. And Kevin Martin is not as reliable. Just sad to see Harden go :/
ESPN is a J0ke::Westbrick was just the wrong player to keep. He only creates shots for himself not his team. Staying with Harden would of been a much better choice. The reason why LeBron and Wade are so hard to match up with it cause they both can create shots for themselves as well as their team. Westbrick does not do that! Not as good as Harden does. Look what he's doing with the Rockets! Your telling me if you were to put Westbrook on that team instead of Harden, they would be that good? No way! Harden makes everyone around him good, on the Rockets. As apposed to what Westbrook is doing. Only making himself look good. A Durant/Harden matchup would definitely been a efficient and good matchup to Lebron/Wade. You have the height advantage as well as youth. It just boggles me how, they would give up such a perennial allstar like Harden. Jackson on OKC is a great pointguard, showing great agility, athleticism as well as defense and playmaking. I would of definitely have gone with him. But hey! OKC management think they know what they are doing. Durant can only take so much of Westbrick until he goes bursurk like Kobe in 07 and demands something be done.
ESPN is a J0ke::For you to think that Westbrick can carry the Rockets into the playoffs is utterly ridiculous, and you my man has lost all sports credibility. Your telling me it's okay for Pippen to shoot more than Jordan? Or to make most of the game ending decisions? If yes, than please go jump off a bridge. Durant is the best player on that team! The offense should run through him! Westbrick should definitely not be taking more shots than him. That is a def, no-no! 3 years in a row scoring champ, as well as this year, and that comes from him, taking less shots than westrbick. Numbers dont lie..
Griss13ears::You has lost all English grammar credibility.
Kmacman::Hmmmmm.... Westbrook has more assists per game and Harden has more turnovers per game.  Harden scores a couple more points per game.  Your case for Harden is not too strong.  Sorry.
doof54::Headcase. Lost his mind right from the very beginning of last night's game.
dash2k4::That Westbrook crash into Gasol's screen was a punk move. Should have been T'd up. How satisfying it must be for Gasol to have the winning tip.
doof54::"A" punk move? Westbrook is a punk. One of many punk moves.
LOKI12345678936::Denver 3rd.???..i dont think so..Chandler probaply will miss the entire regular season  and lawson has heel problem and probably neither will play against the Spurs at Texas.too bad for the nuggets who have 13 wins in a row and they cant move in standings  at all.
lenapter::They had the momentum going into OT was what I ment to say.
lenapter::Unbelievable!   With a victory in grasp, the Thunder(read:"Blunder") threw it all away...With apologies to Bob Dylan. In the closing minutes, a Techinal foul gave the Thunder the ball. But what did they do, instead of either working the ball down low to either draw fouls, or kill some clock, or both, they shot an ill-advised three, or it might have ben a long 2 pointer.. So here began a series of deliberate fouls by the Thunder, then the They  did it again, another long shot, instead of working the ball down low; and again they had to foul the Grizzlies a couple of more times. But what happened with just a few seconds left was a total mind cramp...instead of another deliberate foul, the Thunder, er Blunder just let the Grizzlies launch a three to send the game into OT! The Grizzlies, even though they won on a last secon tip-in in ot, had the momemtumi OT Amazing....Geeese!
Basketball Facts::First Denver; now Memphis, OKC is vulnerable especially when Westbrook and Durant are fighting for shots.
cooltapes777::Spurs OKC Denver Clippers Memphis Warriors Rockets Lakers  Harden v OKC and Spurs-Lakers, will get it on if need be
LOKI12345678936::Denver 3rd.???..i dont think so..Chandler probaply will miss the entire regular season  and lawson has heel problem and probably neither will play against the Spurs at Texas.too bad for the nuggets who have 13 wins in a row and they cant move in standings  at all.
bnair14::Normally I agree with that. But this is not a normal Laker team. This team is pathetic in nearly every single way minus Kobe. Old, horrible in transition, poor perimeter D, terrible bench play, awful coaching....It's insane I have never been less scared of Kobe and his team. i really feel bad for him too that he has to deal with this nightmare now.
cooltapes777::I never like to see kobe on the other side of a series. he's earned that respect from everyone in the league.  I think spurs would beat them though, and it would be sweet.  Every season brings the possibility of two championships: the lakers losing or your team winning. To actually be the one who beats the lakers counts as an additional championship.
bnair14::All the Laker fans think they can beat the Spurs...its cute really...sad but cute. Old man river walk is still playing like a beast at 36.
mason8181::Spurs barely beat us the first 2 games by an average of 2.5 points. I rather face the Spurs than any other top 4 teams.
bnair14::As a Spurs fan, I admit if Westbrook had been traded straight up for Rondo...and the thunder still had Harden the west would be so fu.cked.
bnair14::LOL thats fair but I have always like Rondos game and his facilitating.
OmniVersal::The same Rondo that has been proven to make his team worse?
dash2k4::Rondo won't steal shots from Durant.
cooltapes777::that's a nightmare...absolute nightmare, not sure if they could have pulled it off
