shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::TRAGIC!!!!!!!! FREEEEEEEE DWIGHT
theprodctz::Well at least our team won't get contracted within the next five years.
Mizzle85::Neither will ours.
MagicBoltzRays::Pittsburgh Bobcats.... 2015
D12ONYA::Yawn, the Magic let the Bobcats have their way. Can't judge a team on one game fools. It feels good being 3rd in the east.
mccoywajmu::being 3rd in the east is just like being 8th in the east...pretty irrelevant...miami and chicago the only teams that matter in the entire conference
CoolRod365::we would give DJ Augustine and Boris Diaw+ Tyrus Thomas for Howard. Thats about as good of a trade you can expect at this point in the season
Magicmike321::Don't expect a trade this season
cellus24::Dwight howard after the game was just out of control in the locker he was so pissed off. In the press confress after the game you can see he does not want to be in orlando anymore. it doesn't take a genius to figured this out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k&amp;feature=channel
Magicmike321::Were you there?  No?  Ok, you have no idea what you are talking about.  Its one game and a regular season one at that
rl75742::Maybe the Cats got a little PO'ed after hearing Dickey V call them out during the Duke-UNC game, saying Carolina could beat them... I'm sorry, but no college team in any sport would ever beat a pro team, ever.
jdrman2007::wrong. If kids outta high school can go straight to the nba and dominate then a team of  5 star seniors could possibly beat a really bad pro team. Basketball is more of a skills game than one of physicality thanks to new age NBA officiating. If the kids have the skills, proper coaching, and team synergy, then they would have a chance (albeit small) of beating a dysfunctional, noncohesive, horribly coached team of NBA scrubs.
dave19741997::Glad to see the Magic lose. You blow a 20 pt lead you don't deserve to win.
Canes2082::live by 3 die by the 3
moosiphoosus::But he's about to retire....he's got minimal left.  Nash aint the answer to me..Plus Dwight won't stay just because of Nas, but hey we have our own assumptions.
moosiphoosus::What would happen in the Magic get Nash?
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::they would get a guy that would lift his game because thats what most great players do when they are about too retire &amp; would also lift others.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::if the Magic get Nash you can Bury that saying
CTthunder860::with DJ on the Floor -8 with Kemba +19, Get rid of Diaw, DJ , and silas and build around Kemba and Biz with maggete and Hendo and they would be a competitive team, i dont know what the $@%! jordan is on but he needs to get it together
Magicmike321::Pretty sure he is tanking to get a good draft pick
zachrlee::Dwight Howard was yawning as he scored 15 points. 13 shot attempts??? That's his way of saying "Trade me now"
dave19741997::Don't need howard anyway...
speedyg910::lol good one
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Most haters call Stan the Master of Panic  I call him the Master of the universe with the powers of grey skull
johnpaul.springer::13-35 from 3?????? my goodness!!! they were jacking them uppppppppp. 35 attempts? you know that tall dark man standing by the basket? give it to him.
johnpaul.springer::organization should clean house...if i were a fan i would have boycotted after then got glen davis. GLEN DAVIS. fat boy fadeaways.
Magicmike321::No magic fan is happy to have baby
fact-ova-emotion::lopez hurt again, do orlando really trade him to nets.....where do howard go, any opinions, if im howard and  really wants 2 win, there is only one player in the league who truly knws how 2 do that, atleast 5 examples tell that story.  and he only have 2 wait like 2 yrs and then he owns the lakeres
Goku Muffin Button::first of all it's lakers.....secondly he'd be in the same position as he is now with the Magic as he would be with the Lakers....... since Gasol would be included in the trade........
Tyler235235::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAhAhAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH THE MAGIC ARE AWFUL!!!!!
Watspoppin99::I.....Don't....Understand....
Vikings0xChampions::lmao
DCOVEY8434::When you have a guy like Howard on your team playing the most minutes, and only taking 16% of the teams shots you deserve to lose... 11 assists from the entire guard play in this game is pathetic. I mean how do you only get 11 assists from all the guards with a guy like Howard in the paint? This team is built poorly, and play like morons.
fact-ova-emotion::yea thats true but u gotta also look at the coach and players....i mean if im playing with howard i gotta knw i gotta get him da ball and the coach should make sure it happens or somebody dnt play as much..
DCOVEY8434::Yeah I agree if Stan can't understand the key to success is through Howard, and doesn't get the other players to focus on getting him the ball. He should of lost his job a long time ago. The year the Heat got rid of him they won a championship. Then again not getting rid of him leads back to the boys upstairs lol.....Really this entire organization is a trainwreck when it comes down to it.
DCOVEY8434::I just looked at that statline lol....35 3's out of the 80 shots taken, I can't even talk about how dumb this team plays anymore...Sorry Orlando fans the boys upstairs ruined this team for you
fact-ova-emotion::i agree, if howard had a pg that can run pick and roll and iz pass 1st, it'd b ova, thats Y i hate orlando b/c they shoot 1st,2nd,and 3rd
DCOVEY8434::It's really sad for Orlando fans to be honest. They could have had such a dominant team built around Howard, and the management blew it. If they would of filled this team with slashers instead of 10 jump shooters this team could of been so sick. Instead Dwight gets double teamed constantly because everyone else is trying to pop 3's
fact-ova-emotion::as a lakers fan i gotta hope howard comes to lakers...bu if he dnt, im praying he stay east and take out miami with rose.....i dnt care what anybody says....no 1/2 duo iz better than rose and howard except maybe kobe and howard in the league.........
mh1404::Howard has no heart, a high school players skill set &amp; a teenage girls mind.. he plays for the worst coach i have witnessed in 40 yrs... the perfect storm of failure is the Orlando magic... trade him &amp;  watch the team that gets him fail too... his game is barely improved in almost a decade, he played against nobody in high school &amp; is too busy whining, mugging for the camera &amp; giving himself nicknames..  ala kobe.. his numbers are just a reflection if how crappy his team is...nothing more..
moosiphoosus::I agree brawley...i still say MH 1404 - YOU SOUND A COMPLETE MESS!!!!!!!!!! AHAHAHAHAHAH
brawley_73::lol i agree...i don't know who he's talking about but DWIGHT Howard is a man beast lol.  it doesn't matter who he played in HS his numbers in the league and what i've saw from him says that he's the most dominate and athletic center EVER.  Im a bobcats fan, but i still respect howard.  just think we were one pick away from having him.  and if he teams with williams (who is the howard of PGs right now) i don't see how they can be stopped.
moosiphoosus::You sound a complete mess!!! hahahahah
LosHeatSonLosMejores6::BWAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHA!!!
eightbitme::I remember when I felt Turk was one of the best Euro players in the league.  WTF happend to his game???  :-(
KiNgJr4ReAl::Stan is the best coach ever why would Dwight leave people he is better than Phil Jackson dont ya'll realize that.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Orlando Tragic hahaha
Rosstafarian5371::Wow the Magic really didn't show up last night, i mean all you really need do against the Bobcats is show up and the win is in the bag.
AvengedByCats::They showed up with that mentality and lost. You don't go into ANY game with that mentality, my friend. You still have to play the game.
pbwiili::Dwight deserves better than a trashy coach, trashy teammates and a trashy GM. I'll root for whatever team you pick as long as its not the Lakers or the Heat!
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::brooklyn
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Just throwing it out there:   The Magic, with Dwight Howard, is the only team who is constantly considered a top team despite clear evidence over the last four seasons (yes, even their lucky Finals appearance in which people talked more about Lebron than Dwight Howard) that they are the Suns without the efficient offense -- chucking threes and rarely any good defense.
D12ONYA::Dwights staying.
brawley_73::man if you take dwight out of the defensive equation then there would be no 'rarely'...there would be a never. he is the teams defense, especially this year because he obviously doesn't want to be there anymore.  if you ask me Biz should be defensive POY this year as a rookie.  he plays for the worst team in the league but he still balls on D and is developing as an offensive player (did you see the move he put on howard yesterday lol)  but the magic look for howard for everything, and once he's gone (and its going to happen, whether traded or FA - if i were yall i'd get something, anything, for him)  the magic will be the bobcats without him, or worse!!!
_MagiCanes_::Yes Orl is not paying as well a defense this year but still in top half of the league. Orl has been a top 3 defense the last 3 seasons so I don't get where your "rarely" comes from.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::i understand but when u have the best defensive player in the nba owning the paint, that usually equates to good team defense
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::i agree with most of ur post, but dwight is a multiple defensive player of the year so dont say rarely playing any good d
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Team Defense, brother.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::truly tragic
manbearpirg::Why isn't Gerald Henderson in the conversation for MVP?
CTthunder860::because his team is like 5-31.......
J-SMOOVE2029::Dwight Howard is gone after this season one way or another.
anonymous_sports_watcher__::Jordan &gt; Jim Buss
brawley_73::hahahhaha how is Jordan the most overrated.  ali did a lot OUTSIDE of the ring.  Jordan practically reinvented basketball, from the shorts to the swag (and i hate that word 'swag' by the way, but he did)  now these guys come in and the new generation of kids - who never saw Jordan play - think that this guy is the best basketball player of all time (yes im talking about kobe and lebron)...get the FUDGE out of here with that.  and im not one of the old men who always talk about "back in my day" either.  im 25 yrs old but this new generation of ignorant kids suck (and im a high school teacher as well, by the way - so there's a generation gap in everything: sports, music, even pride and self-respect)
mh1404::most overrated player as well... top athlete of the century over Ali &amp; Babe Ruth.. lol, what a joke..
AvengedByCats::Babe Ruth? An athlete?!? The guy was like the Elvis of baseball!
Rosstafarian5371::^hands down
lianggan@gmail.com::Jordan is the worst NBA owner.
Jesse_Magic_fan::You guys see Jason Richardson's twitter?  Dam he is blowing up and ticked.  LMAO!!
mh1404::like a little girl he goes on twitter whining... what a punk
wilcox1232::or maybe if it was 5 years ago and he was still relevant
MagicBoltzRays::he's mad people are calling them out. maybe if he gave just a little more effort.
Luclongley_MVP::Orlando is going to look real dumb when summer hits.
brawley_73::hell i just want to know how you get the trucks on there lol
Jesse_Magic_fan::Yeah because that illegal immigrant Mexican Jose is a 40 year old virgin.
JosePabloMontoyas_Car:::)
Birdmann._.::I liked both
MagicBoltzRays::Hey it's impossible to win every game, but this is definitely one the Magic should have won. they just don't give enough effort now a days. I think Howard's saga is to blame if you ask me. they would try a lot harder if they knew howard was staying, but that's just me.
Blazelover13::Is it mean that I almost died laughing when I saw this score? Nice, Orlando. Really nice...NOT! But, to be honest, the Bobcats DO have...a little talent...which shows up once every ten games or so. Guess this was one of those games. Very impressive effort. Say all you want and make fun of Charlotte all you desire, but no one deserves to suck so badly every single game. Good win for them. Orlando? Your magic ran out in this game...and with Dwight Howard. Say farewell to him very, very soon.
pistonfanstill::Howard is not saying the real reason he wants out of Orlando.  It has to do with the owner.  He's going to end up in Atlanta back home. Despite this loss the Magic have a good record and Charlotte is a NBA team.  The Pistons beat the Lakers last night.  These things happen.  I dont see him in NYC, Brooklyn or LA.  Atlanta will pay him and can have the best Frontcourt of Howard, Horford and Josh.
Jesse_Magic_fan::Is it mean that I almost die laughing every year at the injury prone Blazers?  Lmao
Jesse_Magic_fan::I can't wait to say good bye.  Good riddance Dwight Howard slight coward
Birdmann._.::crazy magic fan he is probably going to stay and troll on the magic all season
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::he's a coward now??? sour magic fan LOL
pittsburgh-fan::OrLOLando
Jesse_Magic_fan::Lmao by the time Dwight Howard gets traded to the Nets they might not make the playoffs.  They have the 4th WORST record in the NBA and are 7 games back from making the playoffs.  Ha ha have fun with that Dwight Howard slight coward.  That would be hilarious when he gets traded there and they don't even make the playoffs.  Have fun on the couch in May you dope.
moosiphoosus::I bet 3 years ago Dwight was your favorite player Jesse_Magic_fan.  Why are you mad at Dwight, he gave you several years of being great.  Oh i get it...you want to rip him before he does his ESPN decision program. Haha
pistonfanstill::IF Howard does get traded to the Nets this season is a wash but that means Brooklyn is set to be a power once they make the move from Jersey.  And the Magic will be fighting with the Bobcats, Pistons and Wizards for who is the best Lottery Team.
Jesse_Magic_fan::Dwight Howard slight coward going to be watching the playoffs at home this year.  Lmao have fun in that trash heap of snow in Brooklyn you tool.  Lmao I can see it now.  Stuck at home watching the playoffs in a snow storm.  Hahaha have fun this summer.  Idiot.
Jesse_Magic_fan::Who the heck are you?  Get your a$$ out of here.  You got no business being in here.  Bird is fitting to be in your sn name.  Your comments show your brain is the size of a peanut.  Get a life spazz
Birdmann._.::id laugh if he doesn't get traded your talking trash about your only hope at getting out of first round
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::trash/rat
ChiGuy1002::Wow, pretty embarassing....
Jesse_Magic_fan::Not as embarrassing as your mom
ttsol22::I hear the Heat might be willing to trade Joel Anthony for Amare...pretty good deal for the knicks.
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::LOL
MagicBoltzRays::Fire Stan and Otis RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!
jank6708::K-Love&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Howard
jank6708::hope Magic get something for him
Jesse_Magic_fan::Agreed
Jesse_Magic_fan::Magic waiting for the offers to get better.  Teams will keep competing for Howard and then at the deadline the Magic can get more for Dwight Howard.  Teams will be desperate to get him now.
Jesse_Magic_fan::Somebody tell Boris Diaw to lay off the McDonalds.
yale203::ya gotta love jeremy lin!
ShowTime49er::Magic will trade Howard guaranteed.   They are just trying to get as much attention now before the big man is gone because then Orlando will be irrelevant again.
Sixers1234567::Hmmm, there were rumors all day that Boris Diaw requested to be traded or bought out then he randomy gets benched tonight and doesn't play....So that pretty much guarentees he will be gone in the near future. It will be interesting to see what playoff team picks him up if he gets bought out... Maybe Atlanta or San Antonio?
Jesse_Magic_fan::I heard McDonalds was looking at him to be their spokesman
iamknicks718::Dear magic fans: please take Amare from us
Jesse_Magic_fan::Magic trade Dwight Howard and Hedo Turkoglu to Nets for MarShon Brooks, Warriors 1st round pick, and Nets 1st round pick.  Get ride of Hedo big contract.  MarShon Brooks is good young talent and 2 1st round picks to rebuild.  Otis Smith was going to trade Howard to New Jersey back in January and the trade was ready.  But stupid Rich DeVos and Martins vetoed the trade.  They need to trade Howard.  He has his list of teams and this team cannot be a contender with this roster any time soon.  If Devos was smart he would trade Howard and not let him walk for nothing like Shaq did.
RollThunder35::How the hell do you lead the Bobcats by 20 and end up losing by 16?!
ttsol22::ha...haha....hahaha....hahahahahaha
