howdythere.::hey so anyone thing Payton is coming to Dallas?
Brooklynborn76er::Ok My Spurs looked real good last night although we almost gave up the lead like we have been doing the past 2 years!But I'll take it&amp; run with this W! We r the Best Kept Secret!shhhhhhhh! TP been playing  lovely!Timmy look like he found da fountain of youth lately!Manu is coming in his own slowly but surely!Kwahi has been playing tough defense second in the league in steals!We still need our bench 2 be more ready 4 battle!Lets go SPURS!
howdythere.::Leonard baby!
AltQuill::Just need Patty Mills to get going and the skys the limit
rudicantfail::I don't get it. I think Blair should be playing at least a little
15steele15::May be so but the first game against Hornets he had 3 horrible plays in a row....we need to try to trade him
apietman::New season same result for the Jazz, another loss to Spurs. To coach Corbin, Millsap should never play under 40 minutes a game.
mkwan0::So, what is the ceiling for Kauwhy?  He looks slimmer and a little faster this year, maybe, but I still don't see him as a dominant star.  He is a team player, a potential glue guy that you could stack next to a 25 PPG guy and have a really solid contending core, in my opinion.  Question is, how do they get that young gun to go next to Kohai?
cooltapes777::Parker for MVP
cooltapes777::of the finals
Texicano10::When will we trade bonner and Blair? We could also throw patty mills in ther to try to get sum type of big who can block shots. We are 1 big man away from a title in my opinion
cooltapes777::Is Blair's time up in SA?
cooltapes777::The FO apparently think Tiago and Diaw can get it done next to Tim. Questionable, but possible.
Texicano10::Offensively those two do get it done but diaw can't  block a shot to save his life and tiago is too inconsistent
Texicano10::I know I'm just hoping for a miracle, hopefully RC has his eye on someone out there because I don't understand why we passed on blatche
mkwan0::because the Spurs value character and chemistry over pure ability.  And it works pretty well for them.  That is why I was happy they took a pass on curry, but hope they somehow get McDyess.
mkwan0::I am not sure I see a scenario where we trade three players of very limited value (they are mostly system players) to get a player with a very specific value (shot blocking defensive bigs are at a premium).  The only real trade asset we have is Captain Jack's contract.  Bonner has zero, and Blair has close to zero.  If Mills had more value, more people would have tried to sign him over the summer.
mkwan0::OK, pop, you made your point.  Now bench Duncan every fourth game or so.  We need 20 and 10 in May, not November.
TheJTram::Oh dont worry, the Spurs usually chug along the regular season with 50+ wins as usual while they massage Duncan's minutes until playoff time
mkwan0::Not even worried about injuries, worried about him losing steam.
Texicano10::I also agree if Duncan was to some how get injured I don't think we can beat any team out west in the playoffs
ImOldschool1964::totally agree
CandySparker::Parkey Lotta Love!
goheels4888::Not a huge NBA fan, but still love seeing former UNC players play well. Glad Danny Green is working out for you guys in San Antonio.
ImOldschool1964::we love Danny Green, if he can play like this in the playoffs we're sitting pretty - I think last year's WCF's got to his nerves but he's a talented young guy and he's only going to get better.
vikespurplepride21::Been betting with this online betting system called Sportsbettingstar since early April. In just two months now I have doubled my money. I am still shocked at how well this system does and how accurate it is. You can find this bet system on Google if you search the words Sports Betting System, it was on the first page of Google when I found it.
angelgr89::Geez Tim Duncan still getting 20 and 10 (19 today but whatever). He's been so freaking valuable all these years for the Spurs
AustinSpursFan84::The Spurs jazzed all over the place tonight, pun intended.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Well ! They did perform well comparing to their past performances in that building.
TAC0REV::If the Jazz don't get rid of Jefferson, the entire season will be similar to tonight and last night. Just give him away, I don't even want anything for him. It's easy to see why Minnesota was so eager to be rid of him.
JazzFanFromINDIA::I agree !!!  He is the only reason why the Jazz lost in the last 2 games.
i stole your cheap bikes::van.muhle - Duncan is a great player for sure, but I dont think he's the greatest poward forward of all time let alone the greatest player of all time ------------------------------------------------------ if duncan could camp under the paint like nba used to allow, he couldve easily average 30+ a game
mkwan0::He is most definitely the greatest power forward of all time.  He else is close?  Maybe KG is closest.  McHale?  Barkley?  Malone?    As far as greatest player of all time, hard to say, since that is a very poorly defined term.  Is he the most talented individual player, not event close.  Is he one of the most effective players of all times (assuming that your goal is to win championships and not just put up stats), absolutely.  Would probably put him top ten.
AustinSpursFan84::Name a better power forward. Not saying you're wrong but until you can provide names, I have to disagree.
howdythere.::really happy with the young spurs Leonard and Green are looking great
mkwan0::Kawhy has shown the knack for being an impact player beyond the box score.  I am not convinced that he is a legit #1 star, but he looks like he could be a championship #2 star.
hookem731::Kawhi. I'm going to bring it up until you spell it right.
sscott907::Kawai right now is looking VERY GOOD....picked up just where he left off last year  This guy is GOOD
JazzFanFromINDIA::Lil Bit Pissed Off Right now. But certainly a better effort by the Jazz in San Antonio.  I am satisfied with the fight they showed in the third quarter :)
sscott907::GO SPURS!!!!!  Off to a good start
caseygreer2::Good lord. the spurs always own my jazz
sscott907::Sorry
My_Favorite_Color_Is_Taupe_Because_It_Rhymes_With_Dope::I like to see Danny green get most improved this year.
sscott907::Kawai is better
mkwan0::I don't think Kowhai will get MOP, as the voters usually avoid guys making the leap from rook to second year.  It is kind of expected that they will improve a lot there.
hookem731::Kawhi. Learn the kid's name, sh.t.
AustinSpursFan84::If Leonard can get more aggressive on the offensive end he'll be a wrecking ball. I think the offensive schemes don't include him much and they really should. He's talented.
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Timmy with another fantastic game. Thank you Pop for actually giving Duncan more minutes this year. Allowing him to prove he's still a superstar. Hence my username.
Daryl in San Antonio::10 of 13 on the road after the Indy game? Really? And this is BEFORE the Rodeo Road Trip? Yikes! Couldn't the schedule maker be a bit more fair and balanced. ;)
mkwan0::Actually, front loading the schedule to be more difficult up front favors teams trying to get momentum for the playoffs.
ImOldschool1964::that you, Amon Goeth?
Td4mvp3::calm down bro...we're the best the NBA has to offer....we'll be just fine
My_Favorite_Color_Is_Taupe_Because_It_Rhymes_With_Dope::Well said
Td4mvp3::C'mon timmy!...let's see the shimmy!...year of the spur!
Daryl in San Antonio::Is it too early to chant MVP every time TP9 steps to the FT line????  Nice to see D Green step up!
thegetawaytx::<b>Tim Duncan G.O.A.T!</b>
ImOldschool1964::batigoal85, well said bro....the media purposefully overlooks Timmy D because he's not a "gangstah balluh" - he has too much class for that bs
van.muhle::Duncan is a great player for sure, but I dont think he's the greatest poward forward of all time let alone the greatest player of all time
No-account drifter::We already know the names for debate - Barkley and Malone. Malone had some great skills, but he was not the fully rounded player Duncan is. As Barkley becomes more of media figure, people forget how effective and versatile he was. He's the real competition. But there's a reason why you have a hard time naming teams with rings that had a PF as their top star. It's a tough position from which to take over game after game. Tim has 4, the competition none. It's the rare case where rings are really telling us something about individual quality.
AustinSpursFan84::Once again you can say he's not the best power forward of all time but you refuse to give any example of who is better. Names???? Bueller.....Bueller......Bueller......
batigoal85::he is greatest pf  and one of the best big men in the league history,     he can play Pf  or C   ,     he can shoot from mid range,   can score of pick and roll,  and a lot of post up moves,   he is a great on the rebounds  and defensively he is great  (block shots,  positioning ,  one on one, or pick and roll)    his only weakness  is free throws and he is at around 69%   which is not that bad  so u can't do the hack a shaq.          the only reason  we have people like u say that is because the media would rather follow lebron or wade who he has more rings than both combined.    if u look at the awards that he won , u wouldn't be saying that anymore,    no other pf has that many awards.    2mvp , 4 rings  3 finals mvp,    all stars , defensive teams  etc.
Td4mvp3::that's why you're an idiot
Dr. 3knees::Why doesn't Pop play Blair?  He started for much of last years dominant team and then was no longer playing in the playoffs.  If he is not going to be used, then trade him.
ImOldschool1964::Blair is a disaster, sorry, I like the guy but in the little burn he got in the OKC game the guy took two jump shots that both missed badly....jumps shots?  Dejuan Blair?  We need to trade him, he hold little value for this team.
No-account drifter::He's a match-up nightmare - for his own team.
AustinSpursFan84::Because he's 4'3"
sscott907::I absolutely love Blair but it's just like with Malik Rose, if you $@%! Pop off, man , you got a problem...I hope I'm wrong, if not PLEASE  work it out because he can and will be valueable to us
ImOldschool1964::I like him too....but seriously, in the big picture where does he fit in?  He's too small to be a center and his game has regressed, he's lost his mojo..time to go.
Cowboys_Spurs512::Pop just uses him to eat up minutes so Duncan doesn't play too much. I don't think he trusts him in big games and against quality big men. He will play more when the season really gets underway.
thegetawaytx::He probably pissed him off. History shows that if you $@%! off Pop, your career in SA is over. He'll get traded this year.
zachrlee::There goes the Spurs. King of the regular season and then followed by a first-round exit in the playoffs. Why not save those performance for the post-season?
ImOldschool1964::zachrlee is probably a disgruntled Lakers fan....perfect example of propoganda, you can take anything and over emphasize it for sensationalism.  Spurs are a contender every year and i like that they will be even better this year the last....oh, and thanks OKC for letting Harden go, that helps some too
No-account drifter::Funny how people forget all the other teams that have lost in the first round recently, but can't fgrget that that Spurs did. The more rare and surprising the event, the easier to recall, I guess.
TDuncan021::Lol! They lose one year in the first round when they were not healthy... They were dominant in the playoffs last year until a  young thunder squad beat them. I have no doubt the Spurs will make it to the WCF this year, and with the absence of Harden they may well beat the Thunder this year. It's too early to call now, but if they stay healthy I like their chances.
AustinBeal::why does everyone think the Spurs are destined to get beat in the first round? that happened once, and last season they swept the Jazz in the first round, none of the games were even close.
AustinBeal::Remember when this used to be an intense rivalry between Karl Malone and David Robinson? The Glory days of the NBA, even though the Bulls ruled that era.
ImOldschool1964::yeah, good rivalry, I'll never forget Malone's elbow to D Robinson's head, cold cocked him....Malone was a brute but The Admiral always held his own and then some.
f0shoo::the San Antonio Duncan's
AustinSpursFan84::I mean......yeah.
AustinBeal::When are they gonna put Tim Duncan's profile on the NBA logo? No disrespect to Jerry West, but who would you rather have as an example of a great NBA basketball player and a great teammate.
wrduardo::Stat of the game...  Kawhi Leonard +25
ImOldschool1964::Ka-Blam!
sa_spursfan20::Ka-Wow!
Linard Houston::Alec Burks best player on the Jazz never plays.
NOVABuffalo::put me in coach
KaLiguy303::Tim duncan is still a beast.
Ohio2Texas::Tim Duncan aka The Greatest Power Forward of all time and the greatest player of his generation.  Yeah I said it.
ImOldschool1964::spot on, dude
luckywin7::wow spurs won 3-0 beat jazz great job that gotta be hard,  coach at houston mchale dont $@%! up at home game
AustinSpursFan84::Did you pass 3rd grade?
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::Spurs are so sick
howdythere.::honestly I love being a spurs fan
AustinSpursFan84::I just triple liked...Because Spurs are awesome.
AustinBeal::Agreed, living in San Antonio has its perks when it comes to basketball
AustinBeal::Jazz played tough, never gave up, but the Spurs just look too good right now, GO SPURS GO!
howdythere.::Gg jazz
JuMueller::I'm out. Free Burks!!!!!!!!!!! Learn to play Defense
Hayward2Favors::GG spurs
xenosapien::Sucks for the loss but the Spurs are the Spurs and the Jazz are the Jazz for a reason.  However, it was good to see the Jazz not quit like they would have in years past.  Spurs look stupid good early, and are once again the class of the West.
xenosapien::This team doesn't, but there are many times I've watch them mail it in.  They were getting it handed to them in all aspect of the game in the first half.  They came out CONFIDENT, which is good to see in a team full of new faces.
JuMueller::Jazz never quit
howdythere.::Timmy still ballin
beltram9::great basketball played by both teams. gg jazz fans, you have a playoff team
beltram9::true but as a spurs fan i like the fight they showed. a few tweaks and they could get the 6 seed
Grantox::depends on which jazz show up
beltram9::timmy closes the game. love watching this guy play
JuMueller::Corbin thoughts: (mission accomplished)
Grantox::yeah i am losing faith in corbin he does stupid shizzz. cant close games with al in there. he will f it up everytime
All Or Everything::Its not like he went 5/5 or anything in the 4th today. Idiot
JuMueller::i hate the spurs... but I respect your fans
Grantox::BIG GAY AL DOES IT AGAIN! why does corbin keep him in! ugh
DoCtA.FlAkE::He was hot in the 4th idiot
All Or Everything::Exactly
All Or Everything::He was the only reason the Jazz were still in this game down the stretch
JuMueller::actually that was Mo, jefferson's defense made sure we stayed out of the game
lol crying about the refs::gg jazzfan
JuMueller::lmao at jefferson with the ball
lol crying about the refs::everyone watching the game thought that
howdythere.::tony!
