dach zott::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHlx_AlGjNE
MTNDEWWD55::Larry Sanders even made a jumper last night!
Vikingdude2121::why isn't gooden playing?
squiddy45::i know right. the bucks have sooooo many bigs, but gooden should be getting some time
Rip City Forever::Damian lillard&gt;kyrie Irving (lillard is the better passer/probably better 3 point shoot shooter)
squiddy45::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYTVglFS5tA This is for you bucks fans. NBA.tv top ten
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
coachjoe9::Scott is making himself look like a fool.  That ball was clearly off in well less than .7 seconds.  You would think that a guy as used to loosing as he is would take it a bit more graciously.
Ed Anger::I'll $@%!$ about it. How can Varejao play 36 minutes in a game pulling down 17 rebounds and not get to shoot even ONE foul shot?? The idiotic decision to add one more referee where two were sufficient for DECADES strikes again.
marklenz24::What? Seriously?
packersfanfrom89::Have always had a lot of respect for Byron Scott...but can anyone inform me on what he'complaining about?  Even if the clock started a tenth or two late....it was still CLEARLY off in time.  Sore loser?
wrcstyl::dont know the loss was scotts fault
d_bokk::it was out of his hands at .4 or .5, so yeah it started late but not late enough to make a difference
tehCheeze::http://www.nba.com/video/games/bucks/2012/11/03/0021200033-brandon-jennings-winner.nba/
ManOnFire85::Gotta love the respect ESPN gives to two of the most exciting teams in the league. Yea, I said it. The Cavs and Bucks are more entertaining to watch than more than half the league.
manimarf09::Wow, Dunleavy goes off.
.antistratfordian.::"Point seven heaven"... love it!  I've always been a fan of Brandon Jennings.  I just like his style.   He didn't have a great scoring game (busy dropping 13 dimes), but these are the shots that people will remember.
captnb2thep::Hell of a shot by BJ, and hell of a game as a whole. I hope the Cavs realize what they have with Irving, he is truly special. In my opinion he is by far the best player 22 years old or younger/4 seasons&nbsp;or less (YES that includes Blake Griffin and D. Cousins) and he is quickly approaching superstar status. Losses are still losses, but it.baffles me the media seems to be sleeping on this guy, yeah great players in their first/second season come aroun here and there but as a closer, this guy is already VERY clutch. A couple more years and he could be the best PG in the league. I already think he is in the top 10 when it comes to point guards.
..BrewersWin::Such a good game tonight, and ESPN doesn't even mention it.
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::I only caught the last 35 seconds of the game and was thoroughly impressed. The rest of the world is missing out on Kyrie Irving V Brandon Jennings. What a game. Good win, Bucks!
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::Yes, he is amazing in the 4th quarter. I've never seen any player finish (or come close to finishing) games like Kyrie. He's great.
..BrewersWin::Kyrie looked awesome (: He'll be very good for years to come.
WiscoMase23::its unbelievable. no wait, its actually totally believable. bucks never get any respect
d_bokk::nba.com gave it the #1 top play, $@%! espn
..BrewersWin::I can't believe the buzzer beater wasn't even in the Top 10 on Sportscenter :P
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::the +/- of the Cavs starters and bench is bizarre how opposite they are.  Can the Cavs have the worst bench in the history of the league?  Luke Walton has no business playing in the NBA and I don't understand why Byron would play him in place of Casspi.   Nice buzzer beater, Jennings.  There is no defense for the perfect shot. Nice win, Bucks!
Trev28nba::Where is Luc Richard Mbah a Moute?
squiddy45::Injured
Trev28nba::Ilyasova putting in major work tonight
colobr731::Buzzer beater winner and it doesn't even warrant a mention on the entire first page of ESPN or their entire front page for the NBA...gotta love it.  Ugly win for the Bucks. Irving and Waiters might be scary good in a year or 2.
806Andrew::But there is breaking news. Mariano Rivera says he's playing next season.
JakeTheSnake2447::bj the new mj
Area55andG2::wow, the last time mike dunleavy was remotely close to 30 points was when he was bossing it up with granger on the pacers
BadgersPackersBrewersBucksWarhawks::just got back from the game and it was awesome! Go Bucks!
BadgersPackersBrewersBucksWarhawks::LARRY LARRY LARRY LARRY
hokienation135::sanders is a beast
JohnsonnnL::What happened, I didn't catch the game, but i see in the recap that there was a game winning 3.
BadgersPackersBrewersBucksWarhawks::bucks were up 4 with 39 secs left the cavs quickly got a two and the bucks got a shot clock violation at the other end so irving came down the court and tied it up with .7 seconds left with a crazy layup the bucks called timeout so they got it at the other end and they flipped it to jennings who quickly popped a three and nailed it for the win and the bradley center erupted.
panther4406::Imagine that... An NBA player showing up in a contract year.
UWBadgers442::FIRST IN EAST
squiddy45::For all the complaining cavs fans, why don't you go back a few plays and look at what the shot clock says in the replay where The bucks received the ball with only .5 secs when the replay shows the ball was out at 1.3 secs. Jennings jumper counts and its a four pt game with 9 secs left. Accept the loss
brewersCRAZED::if you also want to get nick picky 2 or 3 fouls were called on sanders where he was straight up and did not initiate any contact or hit the cavs player... those were converted into points for you guys so it evens out
clevesports::im not complaining but if you want to get nick picky one of larry sanders dunks came with his foot out of bounds...
squiddy45::I did see that actually. I'm not being NITpicky, some cavs fans were complaining about the clock, I gave them a reason why they shouldn't
Jubeejuba::Bucks are going to NBA Finals
-FlyEaglesFly-::*WNBA
JMarsfan 28 7::Way to go BJ!!!
WiscoMase23::larry legend raising the roof at the end was hilarious
SBchamps2010::Big time shot by B.J. and love the hustle and excitement by Larry Sanders! I know it's early but the Bucks have the talent 2 get 2 the playoffs and maybe even make some noise 2 get 2 the second round!!!
d_bokk::screw espn, an hour of them yapping about alabama and lsu... not wasting any more time listening to them repeat themselves, im out
WiscoMase23::yeah they have a massive boner for the SEC
yata-9arasu::@tehCheeze  Top 10 in the clutch last year: 1.  Irving 2.  Anthony 3.  Durant 4.  Paul 5.  James 6.  Westbrook 7.  Bargnani 8.  Bryant 9.  Ellis 10.  Pierce   I guess they added LeBron's games in The Finals where he was very clutch because he was 15th before that.
_The_Clear_::"Kobe should be #1.  Stupid list."  - Kobe Kids
yata-9arasu::He was in 2010.  Although he had a bad %.
_The_Clear_::And btw...  The Cavs have the rights to the Lakers pick, who are currently odds on favorites to win the draft lottery (0-3).  Mike Brown trying his hardest to get good with Cleveland again.
yata-9arasu::Lol.  That would be hilarious.  And it isn't even lottery protected.  LMAO!
yata-9arasu::LOL!  DUMBA.SS CLIPPERS!!!
_The_Clear_::The Cavs winning the lottery from an unprotected LA pick?  Hmm, where have I heard that before...
_The_Clear_::Waiters is playing a little better than I thought he would.  He's been prone to shooting slumps all the way back to high school, but so far he's been solid.  Hopefully he has a couple big games before those slumps kick in.
We Are Believeland::Great game Bucks fans. Jennings is a beast. Just ignore the other Cavs fans in here complaining about the clock. I'm not upset with the outcome. We came really close to beating a team that a lot of people think should beat us out in the division. Kyrie showed that his ability to make clutch baskets wasn't a fluke last season. Oh and that Sanders guy was a monster too.He looked super good.
1mproperDancing::The only thing I can really complain about is Byron Scott's awful rotations.  If he hadn't let the awful bench dig that hole in the first half the Cavs might have won by double digits.  The Cavs' starters were clearly better than the Bucks' starters (if you don't believe me, check out the +/- numbers), but the Cavs' bench is nothing short of godawful.
WiscoMase23::bucks have a clear path to 82-0! just kidding lol. nice win though boys
TheTristanShow::The Bucks don't have any stars but if they keep beating the sub .500 teams of the league they might be able to sneak into the playoffs this year.
gobrewers11::We don't need star power to win games like those $@%! from miami or Boston(get owned)  we win by razor sharp team synchronicity we play like a well rounded team thats why we scared 100 points in the last two games and played great D in the last two games.  this is why we are 2-0 all u haters can suck a dick
squiddy45::They're not stars. It's easy to think that now
We Are Believeland::Don't have any stars!?!? What do you call Monta? And Jennings is pretty close to being star caliber.
_The_Clear_::Kyrie will start being mentioned as a top 10 player as soon as the Cavs improve as a team.  Statistically, he's already top 10.
yata-9arasu::Agree.  It will take time but we will get better.  It doesn't happen overnight.
yata-9arasu::-_-  I see what  you did there.....  I'll still like your comment because it was funny.
_The_Clear_::TheTristanShow - Actually it does happen overnight. Look at the Heat and Nets haha.  LOL
TheTristanShow::Actually it does happen overnight. Look at the Heat and Nets haha.
knicks_11::bad defense by the cavs. needed to trap their only shooter, which was Brandon
1mproperDancing::When I think of Brandon Jennings, "shooter" is not exactly the first thing that comes to mind.  Well, unless it's prefaced by "brick."
squiddy45::Yeah, and Brandon has never made a big late game shot in his career
Jubeejuba::and there is also somebody named Monta Ellis.
tehCheeze::Dunleavy put up 29
mroen24::a) One amazing game all-around! b) Haven't seen so much excitement in the BC for a longgggg time. c) I always thought Larry Sanders was trash... but the guy impressed the crap outta me tonight! d) Cavs fans, stop whining about the clock started late... Unfortunate calls happen.  I'm a Packer fan, I know how it feels. e) The Cavs NEED to play Jon Leuer... so upset we gave the guy up! f) Sorry for making you read all these points. Go Bucks Go!
yata-9arasu::Leuer&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;WALTON
aewideout::yata-9arsu. chill man. do something else with your life besides posting 90 comments about a cavs game. bahaha what a joke
yata-9arasu::What is your problem?  I can do whatever I want with my free time.  I am rooting for my team.  And I wasn't even on here the whole game.  I came back in the 4th.
WiscoMase23::i hope all of you whiners are kidding. he absolutely got that shot off in 0.7 seconds. good game overall. bucks got the last shot and won it
Roge3471::we're not talking about how quick Jennings shot the ball, were talking about WHEN the 0.7 began ticking. But of course you won't look at the replay, you'll simply ASSume  all is well. Why is it we are "whiners" when we point out an obvious error upon replay? It can be a season opener or game 7 of the finals, it doesn't matter the stage, an error is an error no matter how you want to deflect the truth. It was a hard fought game on both sides, and such an error only devalues the integrity of the game. Surely they deserve to fight it out for another 5 mins in OT.
WiscoMase23::i did watch the replay. like 10 times. the clock did start a tiny bit late, but jennings still releaased the ball on that delay with 0.5 left on the clock. quit being a whiner kid. its a tough loss. i get it. i am a bucks fan. i've witnessed plenty. but i've watched thousands of game winning shots at the buzzer and there is no doubt that jennings held that ball no longer than a half a second. admit defeat. my gosh. you act like the bucks always get the calls. you still have a pretty good team. you will live to fight another day.
yata-9arasu::You can catch the ball and fling it in about 0.4/0.5 seconds.  By the time Jennings catches the ball and completes his turn it should be down to 0.3/0.2 seconds.  You have to understand how fast that is.  But whatever.  Good game Bucks and good luck this season!  GO CAVS!!!
Jbizzy1245::Theses are professionals if others around the league can do it in time then so should they. Sorry you can't bend this in your favor when everyone else runs it properly for the other 31 teams.
yata-9arasu::I am a Cavs fan.  I am trying to be objective about this.  He didn't shot it on time but stuff happens.
Jbizzy1245::Clock was started late the evidence is there stop trying to play it off, rules are rules no ones above them and the bucks officals should folow them, its not hard starting a clock on time. If you can't do it properly then you shouldn't be doing it.
yata-9arasu::But there is something called human reflexes...  No one is perfect.  The shot did not go off on time but it is what it is....
psycokid91::All the Cavs fans keep saying they wouldve won had the clock started on time. The game wouldve gone into overtime its not like if Jennings misses the shot the Cavs win just deal with it Cavs fans.
squiddy45::I was screaming at the tv
squiddy45::Yeah and it wouldn't have mattered if the refs put the right amount of time on the shot clock for the bucks previous possession where Jennings made the jumper
WiscoMase23::thank you. somebody else noticed this. should have been 1.3 on the shot clock. not 0.5
brew8crew81::And stop $@%!$@%! about the clock, you lost, that's it. Your tears will not turn it into a win losers.
trouty42::LOL I watched the video and the clock clearly starts when Jennings catches the ball. Next excuse please Mr Byron Scott.
yata-9arasu::Human error is around that time.  Now way a human can get it right even if his finger is right above the button.
Redmark33333333::Yeah, you still may have lost regardless.
Roge3471::at least "may" is in the sentence.
Roge3471::brew8crew81: "stop $@%!$@%! about Donaghy fixing games, Kings lost, that's it. Your tears will not turn it into a win losers".  See how that works there?
jataman2612::i just want it to be fair for both sides.  I don't agree with teams that have to cheat to win.  If they start the clock right, the shot wouldn't have counted and we would have found out who wins in OT.
tehCheeze::You do realize that it is a human doing the clock right? They probably stopped and started the clock hundreds of times during the game. There is no perfect method short of putting electronics in the balls. Until then, save your whining for the playoffs at least.
Jbizzy1245::Sorry that cheating is the only way to victory
trouty42::Sorry that lies are all that makes losers feel good.
yata-9arasu::But we wouldn't have lost there if the clock starts at the right time.  Lol.
trouty42::clock started perfectly, quitcher bi.tchin
brew8crew81::Kyrie not in LeBrons league, not even CLOSE
yata-9arasu::No one says he was.  He is more clutch but James is the best player in the league.
yata-9arasu::But he is.  I will bring up the stats if you want to see them.
tehCheeze::yata-9arasu He is more clutch. Look at the stats. 1 fan likes this. 35 Minutes Ago  Were you just trying to be funny too?
yata-9arasu::He is trying to be funny.  No one takes that seriously.
tehCheeze::Kyrie Irving. - Kyrie Irving is way better then LeBron James and we dont need LeBron!
TigersFan1011::I want the NBA replacement refs <b>NOW!</b>
Kyrie Irving.::Goodnight Cavs and Bucks fans good luck!
brando0503::byron scott &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; pat shurmur.  so give him a break guys.
yata-9arasu::HANDS DOWN!
Jbizzy1245::Byron Scott saying the Clock was started late, way to cheat bucks
Xarr0009::.
jataman2612::look at the replay.  that clock never started moving until jennings was into his shot.  it never moved during the catch and turn
jataman2612::you can't catch TURN and shoot in .7 sec.  not possible.  thats home field advantage right there.  nice job snoozing on the job clock keeper.
tehCheeze::You're wrong. .3 of a second is the actual rule.
HunterF4444::it was. That is a fact. You can't catch and shoot like he did in .7 seconds
tehCheeze::Yes you can. Just saw it.
SRStark20::I'm out. See you later Cavs and Buck fans.
yata-9arasu::Goodnight....
DrawohWasHere:::)   see you tomorrow as the Browns take down the Robins.
