alex06302003::lakers are the best
Alexander7525::whats the difference between time and kobe bryant?  time passes
Douhavetopoop::Imagine what if that Chris Paul trade went down, lakers would have been so fun to watch...
CaptainClaw777::Paul is a disher. He doesn't need to shoot. Turnovers are killing the Lakers.
jackarutunian::serious
vincent klorthau::Even if the Lakers had Paul they still would not have avoided the Kobe scenario in which all players must bow to him in order for Kobe to be happy. When Kobe shoots 25+ shots a game there is no room for anyone else. Maybe with this injury to Kobe the Lakers can find a much needed identity.
The Original HmrHed::I know everyone is talking laker 8 spot - but Houston is losing and so is GS right now - what happens if the lakers tied GS and or Hou? Whose got the second tier tie breaker?
jackarutunian::if we win Houston tomorrow we have the tie breaker we have a better conference winning percentage our head to head against Houston will be tied so it will go to the second criteria
Rocketswin 2013::Well well WELL Utah wins…..Denver wins…  Memphis is now guaranteed the 5 seed regardless of win-loss.  Utah at memphis is a tank job bench game for memphis . Houston at LA is the game of the year for the 8-7-bounce out of the playoffs seed. Lakers sweating big time now
jackarutunian::Grizz are still trying to get a better record over  the clips tho the better record still has home court regardless over a division leader 4 seed
TecmoTrojan::Lakers will win...Jazz will blow their tubes
titan touchdown::Meeks needs to step up if they want to be successful. 3-11 from the field won't get it done.
KansasJayhawks029::YES! Thank god the Lakers won!
inglehacker::'96-'97: 48-23 (68%) with Kobe, 6-3 (67%) without Kobe   '97-'98: 58-21 (73%) with Kobe, 3-0 (100%) without Kobe   '98-'99: 31-19 (62%) with Kobe   '99-'00: 55-11 (83%) with Kobe, 12-4 (75%) without Kobe   '00-'01: 45-23 (66%) with Kobe, 11-3 (79%) without Kobe   '01-'02: 56-24 (70%) with Kobe, 0-2 (0%) without Kobe   '02-'03: 50-32 (61%) with Kobe   '03-'04: 48-17 (74%) with Kobe, 8-9 (47%) without Kobe   '04-'05: 28-38 (42%) with Kobe, 6-10 (38%) without Kobe   '05-'06: 45-35 (56%) with Kobe, 0-2 (0%) without Kobe   '06-'07: 38-39 (49%) with Kobe, 4-1 (80%) without Kobe   '07-'08: 57-25 (70%) with Kobe   '08-'09: 65-17 (79%) with Kobe   '09-'10: 51-22 (70%) with Kobe, 6-3 (67%) without Kobe   '10-'11: 57-25 (70%) with Kobe   '11-'12: 36-22 (62%) with Kobe, 5-3 (63%) without Kobe   '12-'13: 42-36 (52%) with Kobe, 2-1 (67%) without Kobe
Norris cole is a bum::Go Yankees!!!  Laker fans after a first round exit
CaptainClaw777::Yankees. LOL. A's are going to dominate you with a bunch of kids.
DLiY::Yankees suck big time boooooo!!!!!
onlyavoice57::To All The WWE/NBA/Laker Fans THE SPURS GAVE THAT GAME TO THE LAKERS (Respect For Kobe) The Laker Team Did Not Beat The Spurs.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::I cannot wait for the OKC/Lakers match up in the first round.  It's gonna be a bigger blowout than the Magic/Hawks series a couple years back.
world peas::brick
smitty_99::1st ballot unanimous HOFer
world peas::no friends, current and former teammates who openly detest him, rape arrest, wife who wants to divorce him but stays for the $$$, classless chronic swearing in front of the media ... great person!
Asian_Minority::I'll say it. The Lakers play better as a team without Kobe. However, if they make the playoffs, they're going to need a go-to ace late into games. Considering Dwight can't hit free throws to save his life...
Asian_Minority::Considering who the coach is, yes, I would say this season's Lakers are better without Kobe
Fish Fear Me Mods Hate Me::You guys can't seriously beleive the Lakers are better off without Kobe, can you? Lakers were running on pure emotion last night. That only takes you so far.   Take away Kobe, and I dont think they win any of those 5 titles.
Heritage Champion::Yeah the Lakers were emotional alright... they were elated to finally be part of the offense in the 4th qtr without Kobe playing  selfish "hero ball"... and NEWS FLASH,,, the Lakers weren't very good with Kobe, so why wouldn't they be better without him ball stopping?
rg3uknowme::you didnt have to say it. The numbers speak for themselves. The Lakers have a winning record WITHOUT kobe since hes been on the team
inglehacker::Actually, the answer is yes.  63-41 without Kobe in the lineup since he joined in 1996.
smitty_99::All that proves is that they're a good team with or without him.   The question that needs answered is whether or not they have a better record  without him in the lineup than in the lineup.  My guess is no.
Heritage Champion::Once everyone settles into their new roles as actual participants in the offense and not being forced to watch one person play "hero ball" for the entire 4th qtr, the turnovers will go down.
Heritage Champion::Good to see the ball movement last night. Nice TEAM victory by the Lakers.
Greygoose crew::Someone is trying to wack Boston. Crazy world
Fish Fear Me Mods Hate Me::Wow, those film clips are nasty. All those poor people injured.
Fish Fear Me Mods Hate Me::There is really no reason for Kobe to come back next year other than to prove that he can do it. He might, just to prove people wrong.
JCDish::Get well soon Kobe, we'll miss you in the playoffs. On a basketball roster note ... maybe L.A. can now focus on the future prospect of going after Lebron.
HisAirNessNo23::Kobe fans are notorious for ALWAYS bring lebrons name up. They are threatened like ive never seen. I remember in 1999 kobe fans were doing the same with mj, claiming kobe would win 8 rings, be way greater than mj, and that mj wasn't competing for nba titles at 21 like kobe was etc etc....now the tables have turned and look what we've got here.....threatened kobe fan. I laugh in amusement at all the comments like "even if LeBron wins 5 he will never be on kobes level because he had to join another superstar and champion in wade". LOLOLOL theyre saying "we know LeBron will break all kobes records and most likely win 5 rings but in case he does, we want everybody to know he still wont be greater than kobe because that's how I feel." LOLOOLOL As an mj fan, im disgusted by kobes antics and the WAY he won as well as the WAY he went after mjs records at the expense of his team losing. Then you have kobe fans who lie and make up stories to make themselves feel better because theyre self entitled little boys who grew up in broken households or were breastfed until they were 16.
HisAirNessNo23::Lebrons the best player in the nba and im not even a LeBron fan. Now, that being said....if ANYBODY has the refs on their side its the LAKERS. 50fts to 16 the other night? wtf? Who gets the line more often than the lakers and thunder? Stern did his best to keep the lakers in the playoffs, and he just might have succeeded.
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::Good luck with that...Lesuck is set where he is and wont be going anywhere any time soon.
rg3uknowme::Yea LeBron really does "Lesuck" doesnt he? I mean who cares if a guy averages 27 ppg 7 apg and 7 rpg. 3 (soon to be 4) MVP's is just pure luck.  In my estimation the refs pretty much hand him those stats and accolades he isnt even a decent player he is just horrible.  Seriously I think if you were to take him off the Heat they would be a better team.
Kev_010::the main scorer is gone now everyone can score
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Good riddance kobe "can i $@% in your face" bryant.  Many people who actually read police reports know this scumbag was guilty.  Couldn't be happier this narcissist pr*ck will not be suiting up for a while and I hope he never does again.
JCDish::Oh Snap ... Kobe must'a dissed you for an autograph or somtin?
DeezBrown::Smh poor guy
rg3uknowme::I hope the C in ur name doesnt stand for catcher.....cuz hes no where near
BAMAISKING::The achilles is like a rubber band...to repair it they have to first find it (the top of mine was found about  a couple of inches from the back of my knee.  Then they suture it back to the bottom, then they cast you up after they take the staples from the cut out, after some weeks they put u in a boot  and there you are for a looooooong time, then after that comes therapy....my experience at least for a complete tear.
Beanslams46::1. Blows out achiles, 2. Makes 2 free throws to tie a critical game, 3. Walks off the court. -- He'll probably be back in time for training camp.
BAMAISKING::And that walk was for the Laker Nation and his self pride.....but those red eyes were part frustration, part pain.
BAMAISKING::I hope so too but  man....achilles is no joke...telling you.
Beanslams46::And lucky for Kobe, the psychology of injuries is his strong point. You're right, if anybody can regroup from this, mentally and physically, it will be Kobe.
BAMAISKING::Beanslams46 - Agreed, but Kobe is no ordinary athlete. No Doubt......he will recover at warp speed, but psychologically is the issue.....I even think that is whyD Rose did not come back this year...their games require alot of cutting and stop and go and jumping psychologically that is tuff man.....but again if anyone can do it , it is Kobe...Damn injury bug killed our Lakers this year.  But it aint over yet.
Beanslams46::Agreed, but Kobe is no ordinary athlete.
Kobe -- Sir-Brix-a-Lot -- Bryant::According to my research, Dominique Wilkins only suffered a partial tear to his tendon...  <i>"Dr. Hughston said he had to splice and weave together 30 to 40 strands of the tendon that had torn loose and 'looked like the end of a mop.' He said Wilkins, 32, should return to full strength."</i>  So only 30 to 40 strands had torn loose for Nique.  Not a full tear like Kobrick.
Maniacpkt::good research
Beanslams46::Tony was 1 for 10? Not surprising...  --Eva
BAMAISKING::One thing about an achilles moreso than any other injury...even a knee (MWP)......if you pop the achilles you CAN'T go.....just can't....I know from experience.....Kobe will be back no doubt but more than likely sometime mid next season hopefully.....just hope he is the same or better....I think he will give it the ultimate go, he has been a medical miracle his whole career.
NBASPORTSFAN101::Dominique wilkins came back and this was back in 1991. there are so many technological advances. KOBE needs to give it ALL THE TIME it needs, take EXtRA TIME but GET it as STRONG as he can before he does return. give himself the BEST POSSIBLE CHANCE for another run.
BAMAISKING::The therapist told me to raise up on my tip toes and said shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii t, that aint gonna happen......and I am a has been guy just trying to walk straight but an ex athlete as well so I had the drive....Imagine trying to come back into the league and perform?  Thats why my friend lol.
Maniacpkt::then why hasn't billups come back? it's not that simple
DeezBrown::I got you.
Maniacpkt::what i'm saying is an achilles injury can kill anyone's career.  it doesn't matter how good of shape you are in or how old you are
DeezBrown::Lebron would be back before Billups... I hope you aren't disputing that.
Maniacpkt::let's be real, he was in fantastic shape when he went down.  if lebron james tore his achilles tomorrow, he'd have a hard time recovering
DeezBrown::Let be real Billups isn't in the same shape as Kobe
NBASPORTSFAN101::Kobe takes care of his body better than probably anyone in the NBA. it will be an advantage to the healing process. Dominique Wilkins came back the same if not Better than before and Kobe can too. BUT he has to be patient with his AGE, he should actually give it EXTRA TIME to heal and get it as STRONG as POSSIBLE before he makes another run. DONT RUSH IT.
Maniacpkt::you might as well tell kobe not to breath
25LOOPS::LAKERS should sign Allen Iverson or maybe even Terrell Owens.....they wouldn't miss a beat in these playoffs!
Beanslams46::Even without the Black Mamba, the Lakers manhandled Parker and the spurs. Timmy even got a couple facials.
JEGRAY53::How many games?
MinniWolves90::Which is a large enough sample size if you ask me.
MinniWolves90::30-something I believe.
T_Macc81::Parker is not a 100% and Steve Blake played the game of his CAREER!!
MinniWolves90::Shouldn't be that surprising considering the Lakers are better without Kobe, historically.
MinniWolves90::Lakers win % with Kobe injured is 5% higher than with Kobe in the lineup. I don't make this stuff up people.
JEGRAY53::Just as wolves were better without KG?
Kobe -- Sir-Brix-a-Lot -- Bryant::The thing about Nique and his recovery... the NBA didn't test for PEDs yet in 1993.  They didn't start testing until 1999.
rg3uknowme::its also possible that every human is different and theres no telling whats going to happen
JEGRAY53::We can rebuild him fast, strong, smarter.
Maniacpkt::it's possible, but it's also possible that he is the exception to the rule.  much like AP was this year in football
Kobe -- Sir-Brix-a-Lot -- Bryant::It's also possible that Nique did not suffer a full tear.
Maniacpkt::or even MWP was this year and his mcl
chemeute::Seriously Spurs. You can't help my Jazz out a bit?
Beanslams46::Timmy gave it all he got, but he couldn't handle Dwight's death stare.
JEGRAY53::Help yourselves.
kobe no more twitter::And kobe's pity party continues ..
Maniacpkt::no pity party, just civil discussion.
Chris Dorner::Shaq and Barkley had to retire because of an achilles tear
__SPURS21::WE ALLOWED THE LAKERS TO WIN&lt; PARKER SAT OUT TONY PARKER.
Halocrash187::Spurs are scared of the Lakers.  They let Thunder get 1 seed
JEGRAY53::Parker couldn't hit the side of a barn with a rocket launcher last night.
JEGRAY53::Pop rest his big three against Miami.
Maniacpkt::yes he did.  but that has nothing to do with last night's game
Maniacpkt::i'm not a lakers fan, but i watched that game very closely.  Spurs did not throw that game.  they were seriously trying to win.  and they didn't rest parker in the 4th, he was benched because he couldn't hit a shot
Maniacpkt::you don't bring a player back from rest only to rest him in that game
THE KOBE BRYANT ASSOCIATION OF UNCONSENTING CAUCASIAN W0MEN::On behalf of the Association, we are glad the Lakers proved they can win without Kobe Bryant.
NBASPORTSFAN101::this is tough, is Kobes injury worse than a torn ACL like D Roses or Rondo's injury ?  i know both can be career ending but which is worse ?
berniemakaveli::If anything is going to hold Kobe back, its his body. Im afraid Kobe is going to try and get going before it heals completely, if anyone will get over the fear of using it again, its Kobe.
Maniacpkt::his body is his worst enemy at this point in his career
Maniacpkt::both are bad, but fewer people come back from achilles tears.
Maniacpkt::iv'e torn my achilles, but not all the way through, so i know some of the pain.  i personally think the media is underselling this injury.  especially on an old man who has problems healing anyway
mitch8L::Kobe has a very strong willed mind, if anyone he can overcome the psychological factor. After it happen he still limped around and shot 2 free throws, when 99.9 % of people would of been carted or carried off
BAMAISKING::Agreed, as I said below:  Just cutting, jumping.....in your mind you will not go all out because once you have popped it is always in the back of your head.....so in the league to play at that level will be tuff, the doc will say you are fine but you will lay the ball up rather than dunk...will not get the same elevation on your jumper, lose explosiveness, d will suffer as you willl not be able to close out on shots or move as before...its all in your head though...that kind of stuff
NBASPORTSFAN101::player have come back FROM ACL but i havent heard of many Achillies tears
Maniacpkt::that's true.  i do hope i'm wrong, but something in my gut says otherwise
RjEddy919::thats true also. we'll just have to wait and see. another model for kobe to look at also is his good friend david beckham. he tore his tendon and came back after 6 months and won 2 titles just recently. im sure kobe will consult him.
Maniacpkt::or he could be like billups and never be the same
RjEddy919::because of his age now, kobe is more fortunate to have the achillies tear. but both can be equally damaging but alot of factors go in to determining how much.  Dominique wilkins is the best example I can think of that came back from this and came right back to the same form if not better.
BAMAISKING::Kobe is the Lakers but realistically speaking, if Nash comes back 100% and Dwight, Pau, MWP and whoever else is there, they have enough to make a run....on paper at least....hell that is alot more than alot of other teams imho
RjEddy919::Suprise I'm not seeing the trolls out right now insisting that this means the lakers are better without kobe.
rg3uknowme::They're*
JEGRAY53::Ok
Maniacpkt::most trolls left when the boston news broke
JEGRAY53::They're here.
jcmaggi::Dwight is starting to return to pre surgery form. It's a shame it's taken this long but he's done everything he possibly could to give the Lakers everything (remember, he was supposed to be out until January originally). His recent assumption of the leadership mantle (talking to the team after Kobe went down despite just two games left in the season) and visiting Kobe at the hospital twice makes me think he's not a guy about to skip town.
jcmaggi::Despite being limited all season by his back and labrum, he leads the league in 25 15 games.
jcmaggi::granted. still though, the fact remains that despite being severely limited by a weakened back, Dwight has put up solid numbers and his steadily improved back to his impressive form
rg3uknowme::thanks to Kevin Love also being hurt.....or he would definitely own that statistical category
rg3uknowme::He has the physical tools to be the most dominant player in the game, yet has the mental make-up of a 10 year old who just wants to smile and have fun and run around and laugh and have a grand ol time.  He doesnt care enough to be a leader never has never will.  Its people like this that I wish could be brainwashed and put that unbelievable physical ability to good use.  Not watch it fizzle away year after year
rg3uknowme::Your right about this year.....I guess Im going more off of the 8 years in Orlando.  I saw more leadership from Jameer than I ever saw from Dwight
jcmaggi::That's extremely unfair. Dwight's back surgery was supposed to keep him out until January. Instead, Dwight didn't miss a game (because of his back) and rehabbed as he played. Then he tore his labrum and missed minimal time while playing with extreme pain.  He may not be a great leader yet, but he's starting to exhibit some signs.
rg3uknowme::I have never heard the name Dwight Howard and the word leadership uttered so close together.  The guy is as much of a leader to his team as Melo is to his.....NOT MUCH
rg3uknowme::I would have to disagree with the notion that leadership is learned.  Most people that are great leaders have AND show those qualities early in life.  You know from a relatively young age if you are a leader or a follower.
jcmaggi::Leadership is learned. Very few people are natural born leaders. I think Dwight is finally starting to understand what "being the guy" really entails. It's not just that you're the guy that gets the stats, it's being the guy that everyone is going to turn to when things aren't going well and keeping the boat level by having the poise to execute under pressure.
NBASPORTSFAN101::what i think KOBE should do is take Next season off as well and get his Achillies as strong as it possibly could be before he comes back. DONT RUSH IT. take time, get all that rest his BODY DESPERATELY NEEDS and come back.   that injury had me Depressed all weekend
BAMAISKING::Just cutting, jumping.....in your mind you will not go all out because once you have popped it is always in the back of your head.....so in the league to play at that level will be tuff, the doc will say you are fine but you will lay the ball up rather than dunk...will not get the same elevation on your jumper, lose explosiveness, d will suffer as you willl not be able to close out on shots or move as before...its all in your head though...that kind of stuff
BAMAISKING::I had a complete tear of my left achilles two years ago....after surgery and therapy totaling around 6-7 months I was ok physically but psychologically screwed up......that will be the hardest part to overcome especially in the NBA.....if anyone can it is Kobe but it is going to be tuff......Shaq had to hang it up after the same injury remember?
JEGRAY53::Shaq had to hang it up because we was always out of shape.
NBASPORTSFAN101::what do you mean by Psychologically
GrapeOKAllDay35::Prayers up
bballshawn248::http://espn.go.com/boston/conversations/_/id/9174718/explosions-boston-marathon-result-injuries
bballshawn248::looks like a failed attack
CowboysGiantsWarriors::if disruption and injury was intent, it worked.
Butterbean World Champ::There were alot of people on the ground.
CowboysGiantsWarriors::wow, attacked the marathon.
King James MVPX4::http://www.cnn.com/  Pray for the victims. Looks bad on TV
GrapeOKAllDay35::This looks bad :(
bballshawn248::homeland terristost not a big incident
Maniacpkt::it's still big.  people are hurt
Maniacpkt::big enough
bballshawn248::yeah but not big big
NBASPORTSFAN101::all i can say about Kobes injury is if he can come back, COME BACK but i dont want to see him as a shell of what he used to be. it would be GREAT to see him on the court for a season just to see him go out his way, but if he feels hes not gonna be the same player or close to it then i think he should pass Jordan on the all time scoring list and retire.   it would just pain me to see KOBE as a shell of what he was.
ndcccc::Kobe would not come back if that was the case
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Wow...someone got pissed off, I guess.  Hopefully, the cops can find the $@%!$@%! that did this.
DeezBrown::Not looking good for us Americans... Hug someone you love.
ndcccc::what happened? got a link
ndcccc::DeezBrown - CNN does not have an article just a breaking news report.  see it, thanks
Butterbean World Champ::check out fox news. two explosions at the finish line of the boston marathon.
DeezBrown::CNN does not have an article just a breaking news report.
King James MVPX4::cnn.com
