Grindhouse2413::Hey Golden State! You still chanting 4th seed? Bwhahahahaha. Good luck!
ash2nash::Dallas is almost a celler team now being passed be most of the western conf. in talent!!!!!
ash2nash::How would dallas fans describe there LOSING RECORD? l
scottpilgrim30::Well if Dirk didn't miss that much time we would have teh same record that the Warriors have right now
scottpilgrim30::Warriors finally comin back to earth, or Mavericks finally coming together as a team? Either way So glad the Mavericks won and are getting back to the winning ways despite Dirk shooting 3-12. But hey Marion beasted for my fantasy team. what a wild card pickup he's been this season
RHL6788::How would Warrior Fans describe this recent road trip?
A Red Stapler::Since that 140-109 loss to Houston on Tuesday night, the Warriors have been strugglin.
mavs_fan_2012::And a great milestone for Dirk passing Wilt on the free throw list!!
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::what happened to all the all-stars Warriors have like David Lee, Curry, harrison barnes and dont the Warriors have Carl Landry and Klay Thompson, son of the great Micheal Thompson too?
SandyBeachesinla::LMAO, Whats wrong you?
ret12364::Elton Brand +32 mothaf.ukas
SPIZURS::What the hell happened to your team warrior fan?
Lock3hart::Seems to me that the first team to reach one hundred points (100) typically wins in a Mavs game.
airicad::It's called Lawler's law
LetsGoMavs 2.0::you're a clippers fan so you would know lol
Lock3hart::And not all NBA teams can play defense and stop a team from scoring less than 85 points in a game.
Lock3hart::No because not all NBA teams can make a comeback and win.
COWHAWKFAN::Isn't that generally true of all NBA games?
COWHAWKFAN::Misses the game, but the stats make it appear Marion was a beast tonight!! Go Mavs!!
Lakers4life254::Bad news for the warriors you got the rockets next.
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::do you all understand how much of a ego driven punk mark jackson is for not admonishing his team for losing my 30 or even himself but rather take it out on the other team trying to enhance the NBA?? he shoulda gotten fined for that
SONNYBENZO3O3::Dam Im starting to wonder If GSW will make playoffs....   LOL@ golden state
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::im worried they wont..portland or lakers will lake over their spot
I3UTTON::Lakers....hahaha don't make me laugh
JohnnyCapre1327::With Dirt Nowitzki sucking it up this year, why doesn't Rick Carrie play more of Brandan Wright?
mwurden::Because Wright is still struggling doing the things Rick demands---defensive rebounding, defense, fitting into the flow of the offense, etc.
COWHAWKFAN::Because Dirk will eventually find his shot and if they make the playoffs they will need it.
Bored to be Boring::Even with Dirk struggling he is still a viable option. Also, he creates offensive flow. Notice how turnovers have gone down so much.
HH69::Bay Area teams have not won a game since before the Super Bowl. (Warriors and Sharks)  Ugh...
sephkane::LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs, what does "hand down, man down" mean? And "mama, there go that man again"? I missed the postgame conference when the rockets beat them. But I saw Parsons tweet saying that first quote.
mwurden::Jackson preaches keeping your hands up in defense..said it all the time as an analyst.  You put your hands down, your man goes by you.
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::doesnt matter now..jackson is a punk for telling grown as s men to hurt another grown as s man trying to do his job!
AdamFinesse::Allowed 17 offensive rebounds and still win? Damn
sephkane::83 = total points GS has lost by in the last 4 games. 20.75 = average margin of defeat in those games. 0 = how much class a coach has for telling his team to harm the opposing team 100 = percentage of how much GS deserves the 83 and 20.75
will-i_am::Mark Jackson's level of insanity is what this group needs to pull them up to the next level over the next 5 years. COY
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::do you all understand how much of a ego driven punk mark jackson is for not admonishing his team for losing my 30 or even himself but rather take it out on the other team trying to enhance the NBA?? he shoulda gotten fined for  that
BlindHomer::I truly hate idiots that talk without knowing what their talking about.. Mark Jackson is a Class act
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::haha so true..ROFL  Mark Jackson.I lost much respect after he told his team to harm rockets intentionally for trying to make an nba record..it would have been good publicity for their industry but he doesnt understand business or economics..yet he went to college and played pro ball.  ridiculous..and also worked as an analyst..
sephkane::Holla At Ya Boi 69 69 - what happened?  The rockets needed one more 3 to break the nba record of most 3's in a game, Jackson didn't want them to get it so he defended the 3 really hard, so a rockets player embarrassed them by taking it to the hole with a monster dunk, then starring down the bench afterward. So jackson told his team to hurt them if they go for another 3, which they did.
Holla At Ya Boi 69 69::what happened?
orcaSWAG::GSW is just another pretender, a one trick pony, a very good HOME team. That's all they are...keep shooting guys
SONNYBENZO3O3::A lot of stars??? MONTAE ELLIS??   Lol
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::a very good home team isnt really a pretender..they can get hot..they have a lot of stars..they are just not playing well enough to win..remember who is the allstar there?  David Lee? and they also have a so called "snubbed" allstar in Curry ..what about harrison barnes?? monta ellis??
BlindHomer::LMAO @ this idiot... Ellis plays for Bucks
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::u a fan of which team??
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::mark jackson, coach of warriors is crooked..he got butt-hurt coz rockets were going for a record not acquiescing that he had already lost the game!
SandyBeachesinla::You know what he meant to say,,stop acting like a moron..
ash2nash::Dallas lakers= losing records
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::there is a team called the dallas lakers??
ash2nash::what is the lakers record anyways???? &amp; the paper clips?
dwighthowardsamazing::I don't know I don't care about those teams
dwighthowardsamazing::But it worked
dwighthowardsamazing::Did they embarrass his team by saying they made the most 3's of all time on him no it worked
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::he LOST the game so something CLEARLY DID NOT WORK!!
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::it worked at exposing himi as a fraud and not genuine when previously, his reputation was stellar with the "hand down man down"
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::if Coach is a sore loser, guess what  your team might stink?!!?
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::brb dishes..
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::great game!!  hey guys  like me now..
ash2nash::See me in Dallas next Year!!!!!!  Dwight Howard
I3UTTON::Mavs could very easily win their next 3 games. Atlanta, Sacramento, and Orlando all at home!
BlindHomer::62-61
Justinkm83::Then N.O. pelicans
dwighthowardsamazing::You are taking us lightly I hope the Mavs do too because we will steal the game
I3UTTON::yep and then the pathetic Fakers right after that. could be 5 straight wins right there!
dwighthowardsamazing::Take us lightly please we will steal the game from you in the 4th
roll_n_riot::WTF is going on with the Warriors, they getting blown out hugely in last few games
dwighthowardsamazing::the 6th man of the year is hurt and they are just going through a rough patch that every great team does
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::rockets gashed them up good last game
dwighthowardsamazing::Warrior fans don't worry every great team goes through rough stretches like this and every doubts how good they actually are then they turn it around and play great... Also without jack the warriors suck which should validate his 6th man of the year season
Bored to be Boring::That's a good call too. Jj hasn't gotten much love for sixth man. He is worthy of consideration for sure. Same with VC. Mavs were +26 with VC tonight. That was the second most of any player.
dwighthowardsamazing::Someone that's all flash and hype will get it most notably crawford or Smith but jack is the most deserving
Justinkm83::Soooo they're a great team that sucks?
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I was wondering where he got the great team part?
Bored to be Boring::Don't forget about Bogut.
karelp::Warrior fan here...I had my doubts even when things were going well.  They need to turn it around quickly or 20 years of futility will start haunting them and making winning more difficult.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::The Dubs are done.
The Genious Man::Like the lakers
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You're funny
ash2nash::Like the Lakers
ash2nash::3buttob is easy to push
ash2nash::Viva Mexico!!!!!
I3UTTON::lol Mexico how lame is that....it must REALLY suck to be you
ash2nash::mexico+Texas= texico
ash2nash::Texico public skools
I3UTTON::such a shame man. I've never even heard of Texico. must be some dumb@ss foreign country. sucks to be you :)
ash2nash::cause i went to skool in duh texico
I3UTTON::oh ya that's right you're like 10 years old, so you're already in grade school. obviously the public school system has failed you. poor troll LOL
ash2nash::Im frum tekssess
I3UTTON::lmao you're dumber than any Texan I know! you need to go back to grade school and learn how to spell troll!
ash2nash::Theres my new beeeicH LIL button
ash2nash::Ur my own fool just keep writin fooool!!!!
I3UTTON::you sound dumb as hell LMAO. you're obviously not very educated.
ash2nash::im just playin with a fool its fun FOOL!!!!
I3UTTON::you sound like a damn fool, that's for sure! LOL
ash2nash::No just a laker fan
I3UTTON::first it's nuggets, then Spurs, then Lakers. bandwagon fan much? LOL
ash2nash::Queers &amp; steers in texassss
ash2nash::I dont date dudes so stop with the compliments
I3UTTON::hey you're the one that complimented me, so you must be into dudes LOL
ash2nash::Nice name!!!
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You off your meds again?
I3UTTON::thanks! it's about time you complimented me :)
I3UTTON::what's a 3buttob?
I3UTTON::LOL lamest insult ever! you sound like you're about 12 years old
ash2nash::the name made up from your button up dress
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Who gets the 8th seed?  Mavs or Lakers?  I think the Warriors will play their way right out of the playoffs.
Bored to be Boring::I don't think Utah makes it.
Bored to be Boring::I still see Houston making it. Just not Utah really. They're down right now too. Like, a dozen.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Oh my.  Utah has a lot of road games left, I just looked at it.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I don't think the Warriors make it either.
BeenaHeatFanSince1987::I'm not happy where the team is, but on the bright side we dodged Dwight and DWill.
ash2nash::Time to start handing out checks again I guess Mr. Cuban
ash2nash::Spurs fan here so!!!!!!  But The Manimal is sweet for the nugs thou!!!!
I3UTTON::lol SURE you are. guess you conveniently switched teams since I already embarrassed you enough
thel1195::Knucklehead thinks the Mavs bought the championship in 2011 after they steamrolled everybody including Miami
ash2nash::Your already an insult!!!
thel1195::I3UTTON - awww did I hurt your feelings earlier when I made fun of your pathetic Denver Thuggets franchise? :)  Is this guy from Denver?  That makes sense
I3UTTON::awww did I hurt your feelings earlier when I made fun of your pathetic Denver Thuggets franchise? :)
ash2nash::No your a mavs fan soo...................
redraidersnation517::What are you trying to accomplish with trolling us? It is not working.
I3UTTON::wait was that supposed to be an insult or?
thel1195::Should have picked up Birdman before Miami got him
ash2nash::Wow the Mavs win a game and now were back  like 3 years ago when they bought the trophy
Jerryintx88::hey ash go fu.ck your moms saggy $@%!
ash2nash::U need a gf BRO
ash2nash::Mexico rules the usa we are taking Texas back!!!!
I3UTTON::i know right, worst troll ever
I3UTTON::that's like saying the Bobcats own the Heat LMAO
redraidersnation517::you call this trolling?
redraidersnation517::I don't even know spanish stupid troll.
I3UTTON::the championship was won in June 2011. It is now February 2013. do the math for yourself silly troll :)
thel1195::ignore him.  Maybe he'll just go away
I3UTTON::^^^^ wow are you like 12 years old? LOL
ash2nash::Like your mommy
Bored to be Boring::There are so many things wrong with this post...
redraidersnation517::I don't get what you are trying to type.
I3UTTON::we speak english alright, we just don't speak moron. you might have to translate for us :)
ash2nash::Dont read in Texasss??? spanish now huh?
Oaktown1029::Warrior's schedule beginning in March gets much easier - need to hang in there until then and hopefully things get better - the young guys will get their second wind.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::B.S.  That schedule is not easy at all.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Well, good luck on the rest of your season.
Oaktown1029::I know they're brutal, that's why I'm hoping they hang in there until then. If they begin playing good bball again, they can play with most everybody - they play Pheonix and Sac a couple more times along with Twolves and other non-playoff teams - it'll be interesting but i'd rather have them in this position than what they've, er we've,  been used to.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Look at their schedule from Feb 12 to Mar 2  That will be very difficult for the Warriors.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::They're at home, but look at the teams they have to play though.  A lot of those teams are playoff teams.
Oaktown1029::16 of their last 22 games beginning in March are at home! I would consider that easier, wouldn't you?
BeenaHeatFanSince1987::Marion could be my favorite player if he didn't have the UGLIEST shot in the entire National Basketball Association.
Dawan208::Kevin Martin is the worst!!!!!!!   So feminine looking!!!!!
dwighthowardsamazing::But it goes down the chute so what is your point
Justinkm83::Matrix and Kevin Martin in a tie
Justinkm83::Both from their waist though. I shot like that when i was 7
Bored to be Boring::His is a little smoother. If that's possible...
redraidersnation517::He can score with that ugly shot tho.
DUDE...ESPN HATES ME NOW::lol it is bad
Meng Ling::This is where it starts.  Air Jordan
jzalvarado2.0::Well I have "He's Just Not that Into You" and "How to Lose a Guy in 10 days" waiting for me on Netflix Queue.  Good luck Mavericks the rest of the way.  Go Dubs
I3UTTON::why is a Nuggets fan trolling? I thought only fans of teams that have won championships were supposed to troll lol
ash2nash::Not a nuggs fan just like watching them own the MAVS
I3UTTON::oh now your too embarrassed to be a Nuggets fan now, since I called you out hahaha how pathetic
ash2nash::Yeah that trophy helps now!!!! lets pretent its 3 years ago!!!!! sounds like a laker wannab
I3UTTON::less than 2 years ago actually. you're just mad that the only success your team ever had was a 1976 ABA conference championship LMAO.  i know more about your team than you do, silly troll :)
sportsfan1014::most of NBA teams have won at least one championship I believe
sportsfan1014::but they did upset Super Sonics in the playoff, cool story
I3UTTON::exactly. except for the Nuggets lol
Meng Ling::I will lead China and the Dallas Mavericks into becoming basketball powerhouses once again...
ClippersFearWarriors::its all good. warriors have one of the toughest schedules in the first half of the season playing a league high 29 road games. every other team has only played 22-27 which means we'll have a lot of home games to finish off strong
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Have you seen their upcoming schedule?  They are not a lock for the playoffs no more.
49Dallas::OKC chokes when it counts
ash2nash::your right its the heats ladies!!!!!  -BRON BRON
Postcall101::Because it only counted in the finals I see what u did there
Koballhog::like last year huh?
ash2nash::OKC owns you all!!!!!!   -Kevin Durant
Ryan_McAllen::* San Antonio
I3UTTON::your trolling is so pathetic, it's actually comical lol
Justinkm83::The Knicks are looking to trade Shumpert. I would love to bring him in.
Retromavs95::well we know how much the knicks like Mavs players so maybe a trade can happen Would solve our backup pointguard problem and bring in more defense  just a quick trade idea not likely but who knows http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=avhkdb5
Postcall101::He is a 3 and D player with potential top 5 defenders dont get exposed on PNR that is all. God team guy
Postcall101::Awful PNR defender tends to have high fouls limited athete due to injury. avg 3 pt shooter he is a good bench player but not special
Bored to be Boring::I would agree with that. He would be a solid guy off the bench. Not saying he would be a great starter, but he's a good player.
Postcall101::overrated
Bored to be Boring::Agree. Don't really see how he is overrated. He is a good player. He's versatile too.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::His Offense isn't there, but he is a hell of a defender.  I wouldn't call him overrated.
jzalvarado2.0::Here's the thing.. Realistically, the Warriors WERE expected to finish NO BETTER than 8th in the Western Conference.  They are slightly ahead of that pace right now (6th spot) BUT Houston is lurking for the final spot about 2 games out.  I'm cool so far.  Disappointing road trip, but nonetheless FOR ME my expectations were less.. So if they finish 1 game above .500, I will be elated.
Bored to be Boring::You shouldn't be elated though.I understand that it would be surpassing expectations, but they've come so far. I actually picked GS and Sota to be the surprise teams. GS has delivered, not to my surprise. Sota just can't stay healthy.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Warriors have a brutal stretch coming up, and the way they are playing right, don't be surprised by a long losing streak.
jzalvarado2.0::Yeah I do understand, AND I am expecting them at this point to be above .500 for the remainder of the season, BUT my original expectation was 41-41 AND THAT IS with a full and healthy roster so they're ahead of schedule.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Your team is being exposed, now you wanna try to act humble?  Yawn
Postcall101::Houston is tied for 7th i believe
jzalvarado2.0::1/2 game behind Utah... 2 1/2 behind Golden State
.Batman.::It's an 82 game season not a 51 game season. I wouldn't bet on it happening, but teams do fall apart and miss the playoffs.  04-05 Cavs: Started 30-21 Finished 42-40 10-11 Jazz: Started 27-13 Finished 39-43 04-05 Magic: Started 28-24 Finished 36-46 04-05 Lakers: Started 26-24 Finished 34-48 06-07 T-Wolves: Started 25-27 Finished 32-50 09-10 Raptors: Started 29-23 Finished 40-42 11-12 Bobcats: Started 1-0 Finished 7-59
sportsfan1014::how about Lakers? they are 1-0 now
Charlotte Bobcats NBA Champions 2013::<b>Yeah, last year was the biggest Bobcats choke in franchise history...</b>
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::The Warriors will miss the playoffs.
Bored to be Boring::Bobcats. That's awesome...
5-1_49ers_Has_a_RING_To_it.::GS just average!!!!
Meng Ling::I will be the NBA ROY in 2030.
sportsfan1014::so you are like -10 years old or something?
I3UTTON::Mavs will finish the season ahead of GS in the standings  FACT :)
ash2nash::Really c comment about what there win loss record would have to be the rest of the way!!!!! goood luck with that!!!! c record against winning teams
Justinkm83::That's weird, earlier I was thinking that's very possible.
ash2nash::GO DENVER!!!!!!! They eat dallas!!!!
5-1_49ers_Has_a_RING_To_it.::GS exposed
Destruct0id::Remember when points guards were supposed to find open teammates instead of jacking up shots?
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Curry is a shot jacker
