8486Chase::Breaking News: the Talons have signed  Qb John Dutton
8486Chase::Spurs now lead the series 92-64
robology::Spurs have always been about fundementals, not showtime.  Much respect to the franchise for staying true to it's roots, especially during the diva era of the NBA.
GreenDragoon55::Probably the most underrated dynasty in all of sports. The Spurs. Consistently one of the best teams every single year for over a decade. 4 championships. 10 Division Titles.
robology::&amp; Pop is one of the coolest, most talented coaches in all of sports
lsiberian::Number 50 again.   Mavs looking bad.
BH-Bobby D.::50+ winning seasons 14 straight years in the west &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; piddly 20-game win streak in the stupidly pathetic east.
SpursManiac4Ever::Despite the 50th win, as a Spurs fan I am not too happy with the recent play; with the sole exception being the OKC win. We should have blown this Mavs team out of San Antonio. Instead, we squeak by.  We can't continue this funk going into the playoffs. We should be peaking so I hope they shake off the doldrums and get back to playing Spurs basketball.  On the plus side, I'm glad this is taking place now rather than later.  Go Spurs Go !!
DalvinSplit::Ginobili &amp; Jackson are out of sink  Blair also............????? Not  to have floor General that  is hurts .We are ok.  Once  Parker back  we will click again  and hope stay healthy to the end . It is very hard to replace Parkers #  21 points p/g and 8 assist p/game .We are missing his penetration to the rim  ,pick and roll with bigs and lastly  kick to the guy in the corner for three .
NOVABuffalo::As a fan since 1976 ... got to admit the current level of play isn't championship level.  Goes to show all of us how much TP was covering up
oblique15::I agree, Not a Spurs fan but want them to win the title, not looking good.
Air McFly 2015::"The problem with the Mavericks is that they suck"  -Charles Barkley, circa 2012 (actual quote)
howdythrrrrr::50 wins again...Timmy is too good
World B. Xxpensive::28 and 19 .... all hail the Big Fundamental.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Hell yeah!  Timmy had a MONSTER game last night.  Without him, the Spurs would've lost by double digits.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Heat being the 4th team to win 20 straight is still a bigger story than the Spurs being the only team to ever have 14 consecutive 50+ win seasons.  This didn't even make Sports Center.  Sad!
SpursManiac4Ever::Wrong !! How are you going to say that the Heat beating a bunch of cupcakes for a 20 game streak is bigger news than a team winning 50 + games for the 14th consecutive year?  smh  only a myopic Heat fan would utter such ignorance!
BH-Bobby D.::He's making a point, stupid.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::If it ain't about the Lakers or the Heat, it ain't news.
wpalmz10::How does Dirk not get the ball in that situation?  He's guaranteed a decent look.
Roscoe215::mavs do not have any BB IQ!!!!!!
hornsfanatx86::the mavericks do that alot
Theironrod2012::are you kidding me? They did this 14 times in a row and yet they only talk about lebron? lol at the NBA
SuthernDandy::More people are interested in reading about Lebron than the Spurs.
Theironrod2012::could be, but they still should get credit for being a great team.  Talking about lebron all day makes the NBA look fake. It gives the NBA a lady gaga and justin bieber vibe
SEC University is my favorite team::Duncan had 28 and 19??? dayum thats like Timmy 2006
WeAreTheMenInBlack::More like 2003.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::And Timmy shot 12 of 20.  Kobe could learn a few things from him.
rynospurs21::LMFAO! Faker trolls have been MIA all season. Now starting to poke their heads out now their in the 8th spot. They will be 9th again after tonight.
Blind Refs::The Spurs are the best run team in the NBA.  They don't try to get as many superstars as they can.  They build their team around 1 star and 3-4 great players.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::It's the system...just plug and play...and win!
flaco1969::Everybody blaming Vince yeah he could of gotten a better shot but if they had somebody to rebound they might have won they got killed on the boards.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Duncan had a monster game.  Can't do much about that.
Ivanov21::That lefty slam Kawhi has shown in the last few games is going to be his signature dunk.
casinho::It is just a shame seeing Nowitzki playing in this bad team the next years. He deserved to play in a good team in stead of wasting his prime in such a  meaningless team. I am sorry for Dirk.
Vaquero In The House::I believe Tim Duncan has some Fountain of Youth water for sell because Nowitzki has lost his edge.
frostjack186::Dirk is not in is prime he's been past that since he won a title but he's still very good.
HeATERNATION136::since when has 35 yrs old been consider in you're prime?
soo20fany::The pathetic fakers are trash and will perish at the hands of the Spurs in the opening round ...fakers fan worst nightmare is about to come true.
Calvin9299::The worst case would be missing the playoffs in LA. They aren't even a lock to get in. In all fairness though, they had a great run, a run not many can claim too. You gotta respect that much right ?  The Spurs are very good, I wouldn't be at all surprised to see them or the Thunder in the finals.
CandySparker::Team Duncan &gt; Team Dirk
howdythrrr::perish is a serious word..who says that anymore? perish....
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Robert Parish
KatelynFabersLawyer211::2000 NBA Finals:    Kobe = 78 pts on 33-90(.367%) in 176 minutes in '00 Finals; 78 pts, 57 bricks.    Croshere = 91 pts on 24-44(.545%) in 145 minutes in '00 Finals; 91 pts, 20 bricks.   Kobe is the most overrated player in NBA history. Goodnight, Laker SCUM.
Calvin9299::2000 .... A long time ago :)  I can tell you really dislike LA, lol. But being completely objective, the Lakers are a great storied franchise for decades now.   For Lakers fans, all great things come to a end. They might slip into the 8 spot, but they're not built to win as assembled.
slam_dunk_on_u::The pathetic spurts are trash and will perish at the hands of the Lakers in the opening round ...spurt fan worst nightmare is about to come true
Vaquero In The House::Is this fking idiot still on here?  Hey Dumbo, how bout sucking my nut sack!
Calvin9299::Dunk Can't you give credit where its due. The Lakers were great, operative word there is "were".  The Lakers are a bit dysfunctional as built right now, a bit older, and barely scraping the 8 seed. They're not even a lock to hold on to the 8 let alone pound the Spurs...
jcard822::only people in Los Angeles believe that..just like people in Dallas think the cowboys are going to win the super bowl this season. The "good o'l days" are over. The only sportscaster on tv I've seen say that the lakers have a chance is magic johnson! (and he's not bias at all). lol
Calvin9299::Technically speaking, if the Lakers manage the 8, they have a chance, but the chance of success is so incredibly slim, its minute.  They'd have to depend on the one man show, even with this years additions, and that's asking entirely too much !!!!  Lakers faithful should stay quiet until they make the playoffs, still not a certainty.
howdythrrr::ok
slam_dunk_on_u::The pathetic spurts are trash and will perish at the hands of the Lakers in the opening round ...spurt fan worst nightmare is about to come true
Calvin9299::Dunk  Can't you give credit where its due. The Lakers were great, operative word there is "were".   The Lakers are a bit dysfunctional as built right now, a bit older, and barely scraping the 8 seed. They're not even a lock to hold on to the 8 let alone pound the Spurs...
KatelynFabersLawyer211::The Laker$ are garbage.
Calvin9299::The West is tightly contested first 5 seeds all within 5.5 games of each other. The Spurs are very good, very consistent.  It could come down to the current 1-4 spots but I still believe the Spurs and the Thunder are the two top West teams.  I wouldn't be surprised to see Okc and Mia battle it out, nor would I be surprised to see Miami face the Spurs.
Beanslams46::Amazing analysis of the current standings....
Calvin9299::Beany As yours was with the Laker run, which by the way had nothing to do with the story. The Lakers run was great, granted , but predicated primarily on the strength of Kobe and Shaq early, then Kobe most recently.  I can appreciate them as they were, but they're older and in decline with players who don't gel.  Stick to the story minus the sarcasm buddy :)
closetBills::50th win for the 14th consecutive season.  Enough said!
Beanslams46::Lakers have 7 Finals appearances in the past 13 years. Enough?
Beanslams46::thought you were a smarter tejano than that.
texican_10::*2002
jcard822::Barkley said it's time for Coach Pop to coach Team USA
KatelynFabersLawyer211::*FACE-PALM*
Beanslams46::It's going to be tough to recruit a great coach knowing the Black Mamba won't be playing in the next Olympics. No great coach wants to end up with Bronze. Pops WON'T take the job.
stoneyrock17::Not having Kobe will NOT cause USA Bball to "perish."  Many would argue it would only help our team.
jcard822::Ya probably not, but he deserves a chance before he gets too old.
paul31003::Absolutely. It's such a shame that Colangelo can't look past his own personal feelings and do what's best for the sport.
paul31003::Won't happen as long as Colangelo overseas USA basketball operations.
texican_10::http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck9nyiwaTIg  Lol!!!!!!!!
jcard822::No, disrespect to the lakers, but they suck balls
Beanslams46::this some wet dream of yours?
jcard822::Sorry but the Lakers are much older than the Spurs. Can't expect to win 16 games games in the finals with a 40 year old point guard and no bench.  And a giant in the center that cries (literally) about EVERYTHING. Dwight Howard said he cried after he saw the movie "Jack Reacher" with Tom Cruise..LOL. Literally..look it up. Coach  POP also cursed him out during the All-star game for not paying attention in the 4th quarter.  You know you have a problem when you're getting chewed out in an All-star game.
Beanslams46::Next, you're going to be telling me that old timmy is better than the much younger Dwight Howard right now?
nadnep::Why yes, yes he is.
Beanslams46::Let's end the Kobe/timmy d. debates: KOBE 5 TIMMY 4* MOST PLAYOFF POINTS SCORED PAST DECADE OF 2000's -- 1 	Kobe Bryant 	4,053 2 	Shaquille O'Neal 	3,359 3 	Tim Duncan 	3,143 4 	Dirk Nowitzki 	2,472 5 	Richard Hamilton 	2,467 6 	Chauncey Billups 	2,357 7 	Tony Parker 	2,300 8 	Rasheed Wallace 	1,907 9 	Allen Iverson 	1,883 10 	LeBron James 	1,761 -- This game's about BUCKETS!
zebras are awesome::Kobe is good but I'll the Tim Duncan any day over the ball hog Kobe. And Shaq was the center piece for three of those five rings. While the spurs were built around Tim Duncan for most his championships.
texican_10::3 finals mvps, 2 season mvps a million all defense teams
paul31003::Bean, sorry man, but you obviously don't know basketball. Laters, man.
Beanslams46::Timmy will NEVER carry a team like Kobe can. Timmy is no go-to guy, memorable, but not legendary.
paul31003::That's about the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Both players are already legends.
Beanslams46::Don't get me wrong, timmy is a great player, but he will NEVER be Legendary like Kobe Bryant!
paul31003::How 'bout Finals' MVP's? You know, the award that's generally the indicator of who's the team's go-to player?
Beanslams46::You spurs fans just can't count to 5, can ya? But you count that half season asterisk season pretty well.
paul31003::The 5-ring argument's overrated. He wasn't even the team's go-to guy for three of them. Not to say he wasn't a big piece because he was, but everyone knows the ball went through Shaq.
paul31003::Yah, how'd that work out for Karl Malone?
Beanslams46::"This game has always, and always WILL be about Buckets"  --bill russell
jcard822::when you start playing after your high school graduation for Phil Jackson..you should lead in ALL KINDS of stats..including championships
Beanslams46::He played  with pat riley his first few years.
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.5::<b>THE LAKERS BLOW!</b>
Beanslams46::....right past the spurs real soon!
Beanslams46::....to another Laker Parade....remember the Alamo!
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.5::and then you woke up......
Beanslams46::Kobe needs to be stopped.  --timmy duncan
slam_dunk_on_u::Bwahahaha. The tin man better than Kobe...again hahahahahahaha
slam_dunk_on_u::Bwahahaha. The tin man better than Kobe...again hahahahahahaha
Yesssssssmyboy::Tm Duncan is not worried about kobe. Tim Duncan is an all-time greater player than kobe
texican_10::I made Kobe cry lika b.itch in 03 -Timmy
Beanslams46::KOBE 5 TIMMY 4*
texican_10::Kaman makes Duncan look like a GQ model, ugly mf
Beanslams46::I see the spurs TRIED to lose to the mavs to avoid the Lakers in the first round, but the mavs just keep stinkin' until they amnesty cuban.
texican_10::Mamon
jcard822::So Miami wins 20 in a row to get a 1 game lead on the Spurs..Impressive, but it also means that the Spurs have played a better "season."  The big 3 on the Spurs have barely been healthy all year, and they still have the #1 seed in the west.  I think coach Pop draws straws before each game to see who gets to play. And they still WIN! Spurs will take OKC in 6 games to play Miami in the finals.
slam_dunk_on_u::The Lakers will take care of these clowns
slam_dunk_on_u::The Lakers will take care of these clowns
Yesssssssmyboy::Okc does not have James harden he was the one who killed the spurs in crucial situations. Plus I doubt that okc will shoot 50% for the field on perimeter shots for the entire series again. Tiago spliter has improve greatly. Duncan has help on the block this year
jcard822::at least in the west
jcard822::Your a $@%!$@%..the only team that can beat the Spurs is in 7 games is Memphis or OKC. And they wouldn't play either one in the 1st round.
slam_dunk_on_u::Blah blah blah...the spurts ain't making it out of the first round idiot!
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.5::You bipolar dumb $@%...gtfo...I bet the first word outta your mom's mouth when you were born was&gt; PATHETIC!
slam_dunk_on_u::Blah blah blah...the spurts ain't making it out of the first round idiot!
Allen_Iverson 3::this will probaly  be the last season the spurs get a 50 win season
paul31003::That's what we thought three seasons ago.
slam_dunk_on_u::A 1-point win against a lottery bound team?  Pathetic!
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.5::Look slam dork...if your fakers would've won by one...I can almost bet your filthy mouth wouldn't even say a word....quit making yourself look like an idiot....take your estrogen pills and go to sleep!
jcard822::it's a season sweep...4-0.  Dallas wanted this game to avoid embarrassment.
skytheguy21::what about the other 49 wins? they must be a pretty pathetic team...
slam_dunk_on_u::A 1-point win against a lottery bound team?  Pathetic!
gsraider::WOW I just noticed that if Mavs would have won they would only be 2 games out of playoffs
texican_10::Just looked at the remaining schedule, man its brutal....
OHthenowTX::Parker will be back in a week to get ready to slam the fakers
Beanslams46::Tony can't slam.  --eva longoria
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic a$$ spurts got lucky And almost lost to another lottery bound team!
Contrerastexas1::The spurs didn't lose, d.umbass
OHthenowTX::Hahahaha and the fakers sold their lottery pick to the Suns
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic a$$ spurts got lucky And almost lose to  another lottery bound team!
texican_10::Spurs lost??
OHthenowTX::I don't know if Miami's coach has enough coach POP in him to sit his star players and rest them when the playoffs are coming up and they are still on this winning streak.  They are not managing minutes because  LBJ wants the MVP and scoring title.  Prob. The worse thing that could of happened is Bryant going down it gives LBJ a reason to demand minutes and touches.
Dane Kitazaki::Spurs look old
OHthenowTX::The better Splitter gets the younger Timmy looks
OHthenowTX::Timmy has 28 and 18 what game were you watching
bluekaze21::that no. 21 dude looks like a pretty good player. why dont we hear about him more often
shut the front door please::"Kawhaa Lynyrd is a great athuhlete and a turrific player." -Charles Barkley  Sorry, this has nothing to do with anything, I just lol every time I hear Charles pronounce his name.
