Jeff Brown::Yeah! we're in first place! lol. There's only 3 teams over .500 in the East. TWELVE!!! in the West. Let's send Indy and Miami west and just shut down Eastern Conference. Pathetic!
JCorey Wilde::Nice half by the celtics..
Sam Dagirmanjian::love the fight, love the coaching, love the grit, and love the determination... unfortunately these things are costing the Celtics the chance at a true franchise-changing player.  I think we are in store for a number of good- perhaps even very good- but never GREAT seasons.  Oh well, at least I'd rather root for a scrappy bunch of overachievers than I would for a sad franchise like the Knicks...
Sherman Dudley::At the beginning of the season I made the statement that Boston could make the playoffs. A statement which a lot of people thought was the most insane and stupid statement on the internet. With the way the Eastern Conference is right now, when we get Rondo back we could possibly be the 3rd seed.
Sam Dagirmanjian::Sure, many people voiced that exact the same opinion.   But here's my question to you: is this a good thing for the long term prosperity of the franchise?
Sherman Dudley::Sam Dagirmanjian Our oldest player is Gerald Wallace who is still productive at his age. The only downside to Gerald is that contract. We have a very young team and including all of the draft picks that we complied during the offseason, we are in position to make a impact when it comes to trades and the draft that will benefit our long term prosperity
Sam Dagirmanjian::Sherman Dudley In the history of the NBA, how many times has a true star player been drafted in the second half of the draft?  Sure, there are a few outliers, but as a rule... not so much.  I just am afraid that the Celtics fall into the "good but not great" purgatory where they are never terrible but also never real contenders.
Brendan Smith::I'm glad they are doing better than many (all) of us expected. Tanking your way to a chance at the first pick never did sit right with me. However, they are in first place at 8 - 12. Which begs the question, how effen bad is the rest of their division?
Burhan Khan::Hopefully the Knicks turn it around so we end up in the lottery.
Doug Yurek::I don't think they need to tank. They've shocked everyone with how good they are which shows how strong a base of young talent they have. That doesn't even include their young superstar point guard Rondo!!! There are many ways to build a champion, one of which is the draft but they've struck gold in the 20's with Rondo and Sully! Any team would be lucky to get a Rondo with a top 5 pick let alone a 20's pick!! There's free agency (C's set up well with money), there's trades to both bring in talent or more assets or free up more money, and there the draft which you can use all those 1st round pick assets to trade up with if you need to. So the C's have so many options but at this point you have to try to win and build confidence and a team mentality and build the champion team using a combo of those other ways
Burhan Khan::Alex Doub Even a top 12 pick will net a future starter in this draft
Liam Sibson::Wow, that 20 point lead is vanishing into thin air. I knew it was too good to be true.  I bet they lose by 15.
Chelo Mejias::You lose the bet
Nick Falletta::inexcusable loss, Denver. next time don't get down by 30 in the first quarter.
David Franson::Nice start to the game for the Celtics.  Looks like Nuggets haven't shown up yet.
Jeff Brown::C's have beaten some good teams. time to ge consistent.
Thomas O'Neal::clear path?
Andy P Kordyban::L M A O
Clint Czar Jefferson::My thoughts exactly lmao
Andrew Distler::I'm a Knicks fan and I'm rooting for the Celtics right now! They're not winning anything this year, but if they get enough wins, it'll move them out of the top 10 for draft picks! Hey I need something to root for right?
Chelo Mejias::39 points in the 1st quarter, the c's are dangerous..hide your kids and hide your wife...lights are getting shot out
Chelo Mejias::I'd say i'm impressed with this win, but i'm not...C's have alot of work to do on maintaining 20 point leads
Thomas O'Neal::too many lazy outside shots tonight. good win though.
Chelo Mejias::Thomas O'Neal   Sullinger was dismal from 3 point land, other than that and the occasional gerald wallace bad pass....c's did well
Radu Pasan::boston "wanted to tank" but they could end up in the conference semifinals :)
Steve Broome::Thought it was a coup for the Celtics to get Brad Stevens.
Doug Yurek::He's the perfect coach for a team this young! They needed a teacher not an elite veteran coach like Doc. Stevens is used to coaching guys that aren't that much younger than a lot of this team, and he knows how to motivate guys like that as well as build on the basics. He was the perfect hire
Jake Gibbs::Looks like no lottery pick for Boston this year.
David Eckel::Not true if the nets dont step it up the celtics get that 1st round pick.
Chelo Mejias::David Eckel   You clearly don't watch basketball....there is about 10-12 teams with a worse record than boston
David Eckel::Chelo Mejias I do watch basketball. There only 20 games into the season bro relax.
Ken Ahl::Humphries looking good tonight
Liam Sibson::So in 2 years the Celtics have gone from almost winning the championship, to barely being able to beat one of two teams in the league (Bucks) that are actually potentially worse than them.
Chelo Mejias::Miami won back to back championships and lost to the celtics a few weeks ago and pistons last night...teams much worse than they are.... i guess you don't watch a lot of basketball
Liam Sibson::Miami flopped tremendously on both of those runs. Just look it up on Youtube.
Chelo Mejias::Liam Sibson   That's like saying the celtics flopped the 12 games they lost, the fact of the matter is... the celtics can be the best team in the NBA and the worst team. Depends who shows up that night
Joshua Sotello::Wow boston is an elite team I suppose lol
Clint Czar Jefferson::Non-sense!
Chelo Mejias::Clint Czar Jefferson   You are right, every team in the NBA drops 39 on Denver in the 1st quarter
Thomas O'Neal::Sox are signing Napoli
Chelo Mejias::Poseidon is coming back to the SOX??? Hip Hip Hooray!
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::2-year deal is not bad..
Thomas O'Neal::Fear the beard!
Roberto Guap::Denver -4
Roberto Guap::bet
Jason Peters::Roberto Guap ....Dude, Don't bet on the NBA till at least March. These guys aren't college kids who are trying to make the NBA someday and get 7 figures,(meaning college kids play their heart out till the final buzzer). These guys are already getting paid 7 figures and they get paid regardless of the final score. It seems to me NBA players don't consistently play hard till March,(when they have to keep a lead in their standings or make a playoff push)...I've lost too many parlays due to the NBA this season so far, ..Let me tell you how bad of luck I've had with NBA  games in parlays. The first time I put the Heat in my parlay, they LOST to the 9-10 Det Pistons by 30!, at home no less ending their 10 game winning streak. Then I lost a parlay with the Chicago Bulls, they lost to the Pelicans at home without A Davis!...OK here's the topper, I then had Miami in a parlay last night to beat the Bulls at the Bulls,(thinking since the Pelicans beat the Bulls at their place without their best player, the Heat should be able to too. Especially because the Heat rarely ,lose two in a row. ....you know what happened last night. Bulls rolled The Heat by 30 I believe. Teams and players lay down early in the season in the NBA, its a risky bet. Now come March, April , May June...NBA is prob the easiest sport to win bets on.
Burhan Khan::Celtics & Cleveland: Dion Waiters for Crawford & Brooks. http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=lspv8t6 Good trade?
Chelo Mejias::No Way, Crawford is too valuable. Waiters is a stat padder..sure he'll get you 18 points...with 21 shots
Burhan Khan::Chelo Mejias Crawford is gone after this year and Waiters is a talented top 5 pick.
Chelo Mejias::Burhan Khan   Crawford can be re-signed if he proves he can play with Rondo running the show
Jarvis Watson::YO, first in the Atlantic and 4th in the east? Come on now, I"ll take that all day!, we're not playing bad ball, I mean for a first year coach, and a very young team cept Gerald Wallace, who we should get rid of, we're playing very well. Not sure about this game, want us to win, I think it'll go back and forth.
Mitchell Neal::No team will take Wallace & his contract unfortuneatly
Alan Pettyjohn::8 point losses are what happens when you spot teams 14 points on the road...smh  Shaw has to get the guys fired up early...even on the 4th night of a road four-games-in-five-days stretch...
