msnyc10::Woodson's coaching is more and more suspect.  Laying off the d for awhile (hard when ClEVELAND is shooting 82%! The only time a team should have a 80% + fg stretch is when they shoot 4-5).  But his offense is horrendous.  Someone made a good point; even when the Knicks offense is flowing it is because the ball is moving NOT the players. Stand around stand around stand around. No plays for Novak. None for Amare. Iso for Melo no one even gets HIM free.  Knicks brag about having the best bench in the NBA that is because they keep two starters there.  Oh and Smith; the whole POINT was to have another slashing player who could create his own shots for the very purpose of opening up Kidd/Novak/etc for three pointers. HOw does it help us for him to clank 15 of 18 shots which only insures that are other 3 pointers ARE covered since there is no penetration.
Kelvs1751::" Peace" -lebron after the dagger dunk
YankeeGod70::Lol about Legod being on PEDS! he's been the same physically for about 8 years! it;s his skills that improved!! Kobe on ther other hand is playing @a level five years younger now !! Reminds me of Barry Bonds !
bolts123::keep hating on the 5 rings, you guys are all the same...  Kobe and Lebron are both great players
bolts123::SF - Lebron - arguably best player in the league SG - Wade - arguably top 5 player in the league PF - Bosh - 9 time all star, former #1 option, now the #3 with the Heat PG - Chalmers - Most underrated player in the NBA, hits 3s and plays GREAT D PF - Haslem - He's the 5th option, he asked to REB and play D Bench - Battier &amp; Allen both play D and hit over 40% from 3  This team is STACKED, no chance they lose to anyone in the east
YankeeGod70::Theres not ARGUMENT  now.. Legod is the best player!
Iloveillini407::man, there are a lot of ny knick idiots on this board. yeah you won but we won the first two!!! because that matters? this game doesnt matter either, other than you saw what miami is going to do to you when they play hard for the entire game. they have put out max effort for ONE half out of SIX. keep telling yourself you have a chance though. i mean, all you need is jason kidd to make 15 3pters. easy
Canarycastlehire::Brian windhurst is one fat muddafukkker
msnyc10::I'll say again; no one should be taking 14 3 pters except a specialist and even then... but why SMITH took 14 of 18 shots as 3 pters is beyond me. The whole point of smith is he can create off the dribble and open up the perimeter.
msnyc10::Then what is his excuse for the last 40 games?
rg3uknowme::A lot of that has to do with the Heat's defense.  Its not very easy to penetrate past Dwayne and Bron Bron when they are healthy...and trying 100%.  (Unlike earlier this season when they played average defense, much less than they are capable of)
Cuccinator96::I love how Lebron gets away with anything he wants!!!!  thats really awesome!  mauled Tyson Chandler then goes down and pushes off on Kidd for an offensive put-back and nothing is called!!!!  star treatment
InsaneJesterMedia::Wining is wining no matter how it happened
dolfinfan07::Keep up the crying bi.tch
d_gio12::Tyson Chandler - "Yeah here comes a big dunk right in LeBrons face"..."what the @#%$ just happened"
BiggBluee::Amare had 12 points in 21 minutes on 5-7 shooting. All minutes Novak received should have went to Amare; this game would have been easily won by the Knicks.
rg3uknowme::yea that definitely would have changed the outcome of the game.  and it would have been easy like you said.  Amare is better than lebron and probably would have out played him in the second half.  I dont know if u can tell by now but this is all sarcasm and u couldnt be more wrong
rg3uknowme::Dino my man u really are way too sensitive to be on here talking crazy why when i say something about sports u say something about my mom...who u dont know nor ever will........why when i prove u wrong about something u get so upset and attack me..not the issue? Calling me a bandwagon fan...If only u knew Dino.
Dino__Spumoni::well seeing as you are the one with the fkking reta rded, compare amare to lebron argument,  you.
rg3uknowme::Is that towards me or biggblue???
lmoanade::i can't even...wow this is a bad argument. i don't even want to know what you are trying to do in a SPORTS blog when you don't know how half the games are played. what kinda $@%! argument? dafuq did i just read? jeez i can't even write a good reply cause it's just so dumb that i feel dumber.
Tanned HOT Guy::Whats up with the chick in there with Skip and Smitty? All she does is sit there and say "amen brother" and "sho nuff" to Stephen A
Dino__Spumoni::LBJ made the finals in the weakest eastern conference ever and then got bounced immediately  my god what an accomplishment
rg3uknowme::Hey if ur goal is to make the playoffs than yea good job. I guess i just have higher goals and aspirations for the teams that I love.  Never been a bandwagon fan of anyone ive liked who i like my whole life.
rg3uknowme::that western conference did not include shaq/kobe except for 1 year.  Melo came in 2003 shaq/kobe were split up the next year.  From that point on all the way up until the 2009 season the west was kind of wide open outside of the Spurs.  Lakers struggled to even make playoffs after phil's semi-retirement.  The Nash/Amare suns were a regular season run-n-gun team who couldnt win once the playoffs came and teams started locking down defensively.  Sloan at Utah wasnt a real threat after Malone and Stockton left before Melo's time.  So really all Melo accomplished was scoring a bunch of points for a team that never really had a chance of winning it all.  And not much has changed in New York hahahahahahahahaha
Dino__Spumoni::scoring a bunch of points for a team that never really had a chance /  taking them to the playoffs after the longest playoff drought in nba history.....hahahahahahahahahah nuff said
Dino__Spumoni::melo took a team on the longest playoff drought in NBA history to the playoffs in the western conference 9 times immediately upon getting to the league,   whos to say  thats not something either   that was a western conference that included shaq/kobe ,  parker/duncan,   nash/amare suns, sloan at utah,  ect.   good luck getting out of the 1st round in that league when your on a team that was perennially the worst  before melo arrived.  and he took denver to the WCF.  Haters gonna hate
YankeeGod70::Dino__Spumoni - Teams win games not players .   why dont u ride your rg3/lebron bandwagon back to your moms house and make sure shes not getting creamed on by dude next door  Melo had waayy more talent around him then Legod did in cleveland! FACT!!!!
rg3uknowme::well Ive been a redskins fan for 10 + years so if a bunch of 4-12 seasons until we actually get a quarterback make me a bandwagon fan than so be it.
rg3uknowme::if u read my post just below.....that will explain my thoughts on your response.  And didnt Lebron take a team that hadnt made the playoffs in 10+ years to the finals at the age of 23?  A bit more impressive if u ask me.  And the Eastern Conference at that time was as bad as u make it sound.  There were as many great teams as in the West.  East=Pistons    West =Spurs. Other than that both conferences were pretty mediocre
Dino__Spumoni::Teams win games not players .   why dont u ride your rg3/lebron bandwagon back to your moms house and make sure shes not getting creamed on by dude next door
Dino__Spumoni::direct correlation, melo got there,  and they were a playoff team in a stronger league than the east.    wtf do you expect,  the worst team of the west from the last 20 yrs to instantly be knocking off 1-4 seeds in kobe,  nash, duncan,  or dirk, in the 1st round?    no,  because they all had great coaches and/or great teams  or ended up winning titles
Dino__Spumoni::after 0 playoff berths in the 10+ years previous
rg3uknowme::9 Playoff berths.....8 FIRST-ROUND EXITS...... 0 FINALS APPEARANCES. Congratulations
Super Gman08::The best shot to "beat the Heat" was a healthy and cohesive Spurs  team. They HAD the combination of size, discipline and shot-making ability to bother the Heat enough to at least force a heated (no pun intended) 6 or 7 game series. No w that Tony Parker, the runner-up to this point in the MVP conversation, has unfortunately hurt himself significantly the league has no other options.  Knicks are to erratic, as we saw yesterday. Pacers struggle too much to score game in, game out. Boston is too old and not athletic enough. OKC is too inconsistent and rely too heavily on KD (LBJ can lock him up). LAC have nobody that scares the Heat, seeing they rely on Jamal Crawford for late game scoring. Finally, the Lakers need too many things to go well for them to even make the WCF, much less the NBA Finals. Even if they did, they are way to slow or stagnant to handle the Heat in a 7-game series.
Tanned HOT Guy::sorry, didnt read your essay, sure it was insightful tho
thoughtuknew73::Stephen A Smith is a fool &amp; Kobe lover. Notice he never talks bad about Kobe......don't wanna lose that personal connection but wants to be respected as a reporter. Him &amp; that other fool go perfect together
BSPN Inc::I hate to say it but I don't think skip is dumb I just think he uses whatever possible to make crazy points so that he can debate it. It doesn't matter if you tell him 2+2 is 4 he will just say " I know but in this case, I just don't feel this or that" ESPN is catering to reality TV sports fans!
bluntsallday23::Skip is probably the dumbest person on espn
_Pippen aint easy_::And that's saying something considering they also feature idiots like Bill Simmons and Jon Barry.
BSPN Inc::Those guys are just entertainment for some people.. the show has become a joke as that they must debate EVERYTHING from did one team win the game or did the other team lose the game to.... debating what somebody really meant after the said a few words.
thoughtuknew73::I know but look at what has happen to sport journalism
Tanned HOT Guy::95% of the country wouldnt be caught dead in nyc. NY`ers dont understand this. Thats why get all $@%!$@%! when a great player shuns their efforts. ex. Stepen A  Smith when Dwight said "naw im good" to Brooklyn
Tanned HOT Guy::are you the gay screen name locator?
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::don't have to be when it is that bad man.
_Pippen aint easy_::When did Dwight decline going to Brooklyn? I'm pretty sure that never happened, and in fact, I'm pretty sure he still wants to play there.
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::You have got to have the gayest SN that I have ever seen...it makes it really hard to take your comments seriously
John5249::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcK-TxTaGdk Stephen A Smith's worst prediction ever.
_Pippen aint easy_::Skip was an even bigger idiot in that same clip.
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::F Steven A
thoughtuknew73::For all the Melo hate, Miami is just a better team. Heat # 4th option better then Knicks 2nd. Melo did his thing, Stat played well, Kidd hit his 3's &amp; Knicks still lost
msnyc10::Knick fan here and... of COURSE the Heat are better. Want to know how I know? Because if gave a NY two choices 2 years ago Lebron, Wade, Bosh STAT, Melo, Chander  You knowwww who we  would have taken.
Dino__Spumoni::JR killed us
Tanned HOT Guy::JR dont bring in 4 out of 7 games
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::Yeah Felton has dissappeared since his injury and when is JR Smith ever going to be as good as he is capable?  Is it just me or has Amare also seemed to become non existant since his injury too?
_Pippen aint easy_::I don't know who you consider Miami's 4th option, but whoever it is, they are not better than Amare Stoudemire.
soldier00013::knicks' fans are all pieces of shet anyways.   we want melo - MSG before melo trade  melo sucks, fiire everybody - Knicks' fans now
_Pippen aint easy_::Spoelstra is an underrated coach. If you look at some of the Heat teams he got to the playoffs before Lebron and Bosh arrived, he did a very good job.  The year before, they went to the playoffs as a 6th seed with Michael Beasley as their second best player.
_Pippen aint easy_::Yeah he could always coach defense, but now he has gotten the offensive side of things down - I thought he got out-coached by Carlisle in the 2010 finals, but since then he has been very good. I would not put him top 5 but definitely top 10 as a coach.
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::And you know it can't be easy dealing with so many egos...just ask D'antoni
brandonlee561heat22::Very underrated. His play calling and rotations have gotten substantially better the last couple of years
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::Heat fans are no better dude.  Heard the same crap with Spo and if Bron Bron and Wade hadn't won a title last year the same would be being said about breaking them up...
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::True about wade but they would be looking to send bosh away and james would have been soon to follow.  You are right though about Dwade being miami's golden boy.  I am just saying that all fans are pretty fair weather when its gravy they are in love but when times get tough, its time to look for the nearest bus...oh but yeah NY fans do suck but still like them better than lakers and miami fans and I live in miami (maybe thats why i cant stand the new wave of bandwagoneers)
soldier00013::nah homie wade is untouchable down here. yeah idiots wanted to fire Spo but not me because i know Spo's history and how he worked his way up. plus i have watched him draw up plays for years now and they always result in an open look.
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::I fu.cking can not stand Steven A Smith.  What a complete idiot.  Why does ESPN keep spotlighting him on sports center.
soldier00013::cause people watch and because ESPN has become garbage
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::I switched to that in the AM too.  Nothing but highlights...thats what a sports show should be all about!
soldier00013::i stopped watching sportscenter because its not even mostly sports these days. the other day i had to wait literally 22 minutes to see a highlight. that is why now i am watching "the lights" on CBS sports network.
The Best Player On The Heat Is The Ref::True enough on both points....I can't help it they have sports center playing in my office all day long.
CAN I POP YOUR MOTHERS HEMORRHOIDS::Maybe Melo should stop spending time eating enormous Pastrami Sandwiches and Cheesecakes at Carnegie Deli and start working out a little more.
mbegawal::round is a shape
mbegawal::round is a shape
_Pippen aint easy_::He's actually in shape this year.
setrue::Not really, He was s.u.c.king wind in the 4th Qtr.
setrue::Where was he in the 4th Qtr?  Sucking wind.
John5249::If not for a terrible call, the Bulls would have gotten to the Finals most likely without Jordan.  Don't ever underestimate Pippen was a winner. http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2009/columns/story?columnist=adande_ja&amp;page=Hollins-090529
Can i get an amen::People need to also realize, like lebron, jordan got destroyed in the playoffs before he had help. The only difference was the bulls got him help and the cavs refused to.
soldier00013::you know i'm glad you said this because people seem to forget that pippen was a top 50 player.
John5249::1993 Bulls 57-25 1994 Without Jordan 55-27.  Pippen was great player.
John5249::Without Pippen Jordan would have zero titles, people need to understand that great teams win championships. Doesn't matter how good you are, you don't got the players around you.. Your not gonna win.
alequito305::miami&gt;new york
Tanned HOT Guy::melo = barkley
_Pippen aint easy_::Melo = Tracy McGrady
_Pippen aint easy_::Melo can put on a show. I actually think TMac was a little better overall player, but he had the same issues as Melo.
jcsny::Don't diss tMac like that.  At least TMac could put on a show.
Tanned HOT Guy::didnt say it was, both clock eaters
brandonlee561heat22::Not even close. Maybe in the sense of playing in the shadows of great players, but as far as players go Barkley &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Melo
CAN I POP YOUR MOTHERS HEMORRHOIDS::Barkley actually did pretty good for himself in the playoffs. His teams around him would flounder crap away though deep in playoff runs.
_Pippen aint easy_::That is an insult to Barkley, who took a team to the finals and won league MVP.
_Pippen aint easy_::Melo is a great player, but if you've been in the league 10 years and only gotten past the first round 1 time in 10 years, that's a huge black eye on your legacy - you cannot be considered elite with that type of resume.
jcsny::Melo = 8 first round playoff exits out of 9 appearances.
sportsInput2::I don't know if it's because he doesn't step up during the playoffs the way he should or if it's because he's not a team player, more of do it himself and not lift the whole team up around him (both are probably closely related to one another).
CAN I POP YOUR MOTHERS HEMORRHOIDS::Chauncy Billups was the only reason for that one out of nine...
brandonlee561heat22::A proven, playoff loser.  Decent player though.
thoughtuknew73::Another thing....Melo BEEN there 2 years......please. explain the other 37 years of losing
thoughtuknew73::Do you, those teams were better. You must be young
Tic Tac Finger::DO you follow the NBA?  their teams stunk
Rocketswin2013::Well, from the looks of this board, Heat fans would rather be called the worst team in the league than admit the Knicks have their number. You fanbases really hate each other.
alequito305::screw new york, miami-dade all day
thoughtuknew73::For all the Melo hate....what else do the Knicks have? Media didn't even talk Knick ball until Melo
Tic Tac Finger::Maybe Durant and Paul will come and team up with him   They could be just like the Heat
soldier00013::nobody wants to play with a ball hog
mbegawal::why do fans hate other fans?  You're all idiots.  Neither franchise cares about any of you guys to the point you need to defend them to this degree.
soldier00013::oh yeah well your mom is fat
brandonlee561heat22::why do people hate facts so much?
Tic Tac Finger::Still waiting for the facts  I gave you a fact and you didn't like it either
brandonlee561heat22::The fact is Carmelo Anthony, is an established, perennial, playoff loser.  Decent player, just a proven loser.
chaka 69::"Now I understand every knick fan is emotional right now.  But listen up.  I got a 3 point plan the will fix everything".  -President Camacho
jcsny::How many failures and excuses does Melo get before he's officially an overrated bust?
CAN I POP YOUR MOTHERS HEMORRHOIDS::Knicks are always going to be playing for 2nd place in the East. It's their franchise calling.
brandonlee561heat22::Rocketswin2013 - Just shut up with all the negative talk. Geez no wonder nobody likes Heat fans. You've only been relevant for 2 years and you act worst than Lakers fans. - Why does everyone hate facts? Melo is a proven playoff loser, thats just a fact.
soldier00013::facts get people angry because they don't want to believe the truth
Tic Tac Finger::Im not familiar with all his Nugget playoff runs  were the losses all his fault? What team was he suppose to beat?  where are these facts?
Tic Tac Finger::JUst like Lebron before he colluded to form a super team in a salary capped nBA
Tic Tac Finger::thoughtuknew73 - Didn't LeBron make it to the finals with Cleveland.....u fool  and lost, like he always did, lose and fold in big spots...FACT
Tic Tac Finger::TEy and keep up  Melo is not Lebron, like you are claiming he is?  THe East was a joke. WHat team was Melo suppose to beat in the West   Try and keep up dumb dumb
thoughtuknew73::Didn't LeBron make it to the finals with Cleveland.....u fool
soldier00013::lebron has never been bounced in the first round and that is with Mo williams being his second option.
brandonlee561heat22::Yea, right...  Lebron carried a JV team to the finals, before he came to Miami. Melo carries his supporting to a first round exit 85% of the time.  Try to keep up.
Tanned HOT Guy::Why is MSG so great?  Because the media says so. Truth is that its a sheethole that hasnt had a meaningful game in any sport for forty years.
thoughtuknew73::Media hype
thoughtuknew73::John5249  Sounds like u know a little about ball, where would this team be without Melo since NY complains about him so much?
John5249::Chandler at the Center, Amare at the PF,Iman SF, Smith SG, Felton PG.   Kidd, Novak.  I think this team would be a better team.  Playing as team, with no one worried about getting their points.  Think they'd have a slightly better record, and would likely get out of the first round. Carmelos isolation and ball stopping is not needed.
soldier00013::nothing makes me smile wider than Knicks' fan crying. the knicks suck, deal with it.
jcsny::melo sucks, chandler is great.  If Amare can stay healthy, he'd be great too.
_Pippen aint easy_::Last season the Milwaukee Bucks beat Miami 3 out of 4 meetings.  You really think those things are significant?  Knicks are pretenders.
Rocketswin2013::LOL, i'm sorry but they clammed you guys twice. Come on now it took the Heat being the biggest hotstreak in the NBA to pull out a tough win.
soldier00013::sure back in nov. but its ok i hope we see the knicks in the playoffs. shall we go ahead and pencil in 3-1 again? you know what just write in ink.
jcsny::tic tac finger = melo/stephen a smith.  People don't realize stephen a smith is just melo in disguise.  He got trained by eddie murphy.
thoughtuknew73::LeBron would be an all-star at all 5 position  -NY Radio
Rocketswin2013::As an outsider looking in, i just knew the Knicks were bound to lose when Lebron fouled Chandler and it wasn't called. Part of the NBA i guess.
_Pippen aint easy_::Talk about bias - at best that was a ticky-tack foul and that had nothing to do with the Knicks blowing a 15 point lead at home.   But certain people always try and blame a loss on one specific call/no-call in a game. You think Miami got every foul call they should have gotten in that game?  Stop making excuses.
alequito305::your talking about the block and bron getting the second chance point because your guy was crying on the other end.
alequito305::your team blew a 16 point lead, new york sucks son
Tic Tac Finger::alequito305 - umm after that block chalmers took a 3 which, and then bron put it in. is chandler that slow? or was he crying to much?    he was on the ground, yes he is slow and would not have been back. YEah he cryed to much, not arguing that. Fact is, it was a OBVIOUS foul
alequito305::umm after that block chalmers took a 3 which took a few seconds, and then bron put it in. is chandler that slow? or was he crying to much?
Tic Tac Finger::Chandler was never beating him down there, even if he was in a full sprint.
soldier00013::what about the 6 fts melo got in the first half off bs calls? goes both ways clown.
Rocketswin2013::But that play was the Momentum changer. Take off the homer shades.
Tic Tac Finger::LOL yeah ok   more proof you didn't watch the game
soldier00013::Fact: Denver has a better record that the Knicks since the trade.
Tic Tac Finger::Fact, that proves nothing
Tic Tac Finger::soldier00013 - tic tac the only idiot here is you because while i am simply stating facts you are resorting to insults.  ummm no
Tic Tac Finger::jcsny - It proves Melo is a bust despite his 30 points on 25 shots a game.    umm no
soldier00013::tic tac the only idiot here is you because while i am simply stating facts you are resorting to insults.
Tic Tac Finger::umm no   you seem real dumb, but you are a heat "fan" though
jcsny::It proves Melo is a bust despite his 30 points on 25 shots a game.
soldier00013::nothing except that the Knicks got screwed on that deal
setrue::Answer:  One in a BILLION.  Question:  What are Vegas odds for Knicks winning a championship with MElo?
scooter1727::I would take those odds.  Which Sports Book is offering that?
setrue::Congrats!  Guys like you help build Vegas the town it is today, by throwing their money away on sure to lose bets.  LOL.
Tic Tac Finger::My guess was the odds of Lebron doing it with out Wade
mcjake18::i don't think anybody asked little guy
John5249::Carmelo Anthony has been to the playoffs 9 times, he's been knocked out of the first round 8 times.  The only reason he got out of the first round once, was because the Nuggets got Chauncey Billups. They guy's not a winner.
thoughtuknew73::Like Barkley, Malone, Stockton, Marino, Ewing.....get the point
John5249::At least they got deep into the playoffs. A single foul call is called and the Knicks probably win the 1994 championship. Jordan doesn't strip the ball from Malone, the Jazz probably win the 98 chamionship in 7. Barkley made the Finals, Marino made the superbowl. Always went deep into the playoffs.  Carmelo on the other hand hasn't got past the first round 8 out of 9 years. An Chauncey Billups was the reason for 09.
Tic Tac Finger::Who were they suppose to beat?
soldier00013::it was obvious that he is not a winner when he demanded a trade to NY just so he could get an extention under the old CBA. he gutted his future team so he could get more money, that is not a winner.
Tic Tac Finger::WHere was this demand?   again, you are a complete moron
brandonlee561heat22::I feel bad for NY fans actually, I like Melo, and he is a pretty good player, just a perennial loser.
Tic Tac Finger::you sound clueless  try watching a game and getting a clue
Rocketswin2013::Just shut up with all the negative talk. Geez no wonder nobody likes Heat fans. You've only been relevant for 2 years and you act worst than Lakers fans.
alequito305::when the heat win, america loses
thoughtuknew73::Why....bunch of guys never been in trouble, arrested, share the ball &amp; have fun. You right.....America does lose. You fool
Tic Tac Finger::I know plenty of dooche bags that have never been arrested
thoughtuknew73::The Knicks were done once they didn't sign LeBron
Tic Tac Finger::The nba was done once LeBron and friends colluded to form a superteam
Lebrons the best2012::the knicks were done when willis reed left
jcsny::the knicks were done once they signed melo
Tic Tac Finger::they traded for him dumb dumb  do you even follow the nba?
John5249::Boston will probably beat New York if it's a 3 6 match up.
thoughtuknew73::Of course
BSPN Inc::I can't believe that New York Trick fans really think they can beat the Heat in a 7 game series?
Tic Tac Finger::There is no team in the NBA called the Trick   watch a game, get a clue
soldier00013::you know what i find funny is how knicks' fans say that the knicks are one of the greatest teams of all time. seriously they have 2 titles in 60 years. we have 2 titles in 25 years so i guess the Heat are an even greater team?
Tic Tac Finger::ummm no   keep reaching  random quotes on an anonymous message board doesn't speak for a fan base
Tic Tac Finger::never heard 1 knick fan say that ever, keep trying though
soldier00013::i have seen plenty of morons sayin that. matter of fact they were saying that yesterday. until the end of the 3rd qtr of course.
CAN I POP YOUR MOTHERS HEMORRHOIDS::I bought weed from Shump on Canal Street once.
thoughtuknew73::Was it fire?
thoughtuknew73::We back &amp; on our way to the finals -Knick fan at halftime  We suck, fire the coach, Melo sucks -Knick fan end of game
alequito305::the refs helped them, wth!!   -knick fan
Tic Tac Finger::not saying that lost them the game, just saying they got some help   if you watched the game, even a heat fan can't question that, sorry
soldier00013::you do know that the knicks shot more fts than the Heat right?
Tic Tac Finger::they did   -everyone that watched the game
Tic Tac Finger::ummm no
