_KoBrick__::wow okc
_KoBrick__::way to blow a 16pt lead  they needed harden
JessieImJames::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
epicbracketdude::OKC has the youth.  They will go deep and edge out the old lakers and spurs.
AndrewJWEelch::OKC has experience too though. Perkins, with his years with the Celtics, and now Fisher who carries the rings. OKC has also been in the playoffs now the past two years and went to the WCF last year. They have tremendous confidence for being so young.
Oswald001199::wouldnt you rather have experience in the playoffs?
michael107114::If the Kings can make a trade to get one more lottery pick that way they can draft Harrison Barnes and Thomas Robinson they would have a good future
phunky58::love ur thinkking ,  barnes is going to be a star.    gotta keep isaiah thomas though he is a full of talent and potential great draft pick
drawitall::I picked up the season after the all star break and I just see no way the Thunder gets beat, Kevin Durrant is unstoppable at times and seems to be  on another level with this team than the rest of the field. I can't see the heat beating them this year or anytime soon.  Durrant is the most dominate player since Micheal Jordan !!
phunky58::wow he  definitely is isn't on the same level as jordan, no one is or ever will be. that said durant is the clear cut mvp
Innocent Until Proven Guilty::WHOOOO ZIMMERMAN IS A FREEEEEEEE MAAAN HAHAAHAHAHAHA  SUCK IT BLACK PEOPLE AHAHAAHAH
tulsa4life::well im a Laker fan but these boyz are 4 real! Durants a good young man and the NBA Needs good guys he should be the MVP!
legacyreaper32::Well, as long as "D" Cousins got his stats, right Sacto?
jessespano23::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I was
EarlDean60::Dimmer has never even came close to being responsible for a win this year.
Rhubarbjackson::EarlDean60 needs to watch more games instead of talking out of his a$$ all day.  Here's Jimmer contributing big time in a win earlier this month.    Check out this video on YouTube:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJvGP6GJjp4&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
rayray87654::It's odd isiah thomas was drafted at #60 and has contributed a lot more towards the king's success (or lack there of) than jimmer, who was drafted at 10. One overachieves and one under performs.
Rhubarbjackson::Exactly Thomas is doing a great job contributing to this losing record.  Smart has proven that he has no eye for talent time and time again. That's why he will never be the coach of a winning team. Jimmer just needs to be on a good team to shine. He doesn't play well with ball hogs and losers.
seattleitez::T Will and Jimmer the only Kings in the + again.
Miaminati::Durant = MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP
drawitall::agree 100 percent
Miaminati::Durant = MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP
Miaminati::Durant = MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP
lMlike::At least the Kings are in position for a good lottery pick.. One more good defensive playmaker and this team should be set.
candycandyYOU::did blake deserve thiss??? lopez ejection good?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIpOvw34MpI
Coach Kobe needs to play::I was at this game oh yeaaaaaaaa
SB47-Locker10::SPURS VS OKC   COLLISION. COURSE WCF!  CAN'T WAIT!
pako1008::stupid and fking durant
ChiAllDay247::wow 737 comments?? so safe to say ppl in oklahoma dont have computers
Thdalmida::Most people are on the boards talking about how much they don't like Lebron.
Fee.Forbin::Unfortunately, boards are all about the Heat and Lakers...you can throw Boston in there on a good night.
Thdalmida::Don't forget the Knicks....
tchaser58::Safe to say they probably got better things to do on Friday night after the game than sit in front of a computer.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Exactly. There's doublewides to decorate and sisters to love.
albea23yme::an interesting fact i just discovered myself. it's a common thing people are often comparing the big 3 of miami and oklahoma city (wade, james, bosh/westbrook, durant, harden). but what's even more surprising is how close the PER is of the top 4 players on each team. add chalmers to the heat and ibaka to the thunder, and the combined PER's are the following:  chalmers wade james bosh =  89.33 PER   westbrook harden durant ibaka =  89.25 PER
--KINGME--1.1::GG Thunder, gn and go kings
Tig3rviet::King James for MVP!
drawitall::I think Durrante is better and I don't see the Heat winning for the next couple of years !
greenmagnum::Iblocka
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::The Thunder have made so many strides forward this year, it's hard to believe that their core of KD, Westbrook, Harden, and Ibaka, none of them is older than 23. Scary.
jruss1427::ya but you wont have all 4 on ghem for long! they cant afford to have more 2 max players plus that team! Gurentee you they will b split up unless they take less money but Harden is due for a BIG pay day and hes gona get it somewere!
soonerguy80::troll....obviously u don't know jack about player salaries and rules after they resign Harden and Ibaka OKC will only be 3-4 million over the luxary tax not too mention their is a clause called amnesty which means they can amnesty Perkins contract to which his pay does not count towards OKCs player salaries for 3 years which they could do next year and stay under the luxary tax
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::Why myself and many other NBA fans have no respect for the Heat: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1LPnXrcreg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foaPMZxtzx4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h60uviwKC0
greenmagnum::The big 3 are the kings of flopping
blueprint2363::everybody know in any series the thunder play in...westbrook will always be the x-factor..he creates mismatches against any team he goes up against..you put a physical..or bigger defender on durant he struggles.
superskin59::8 Phoenix 2. OKC 4-1  6. Dallas 5. Memphis 4-2  2.OKC 4-2 5.Memphis
superskin59::Freal predictions: 1.Sa 8. Phoenix 4-3  2.OKC 4-0 7.Denver  3. Lal 6. Dallas 4-1  4. Clippers 5. Memphis 4-3
SB47-Locker10::FOOL PICKED SUNS.. HIS OKC DON'T WANT THE SPURS!! Da truth!
marcus-s2981::SA 7 games to beat the suns...youre smoking.
superskin59::thats how its gonna happen^
Hawaiian Raiders::they went very cold SH....Crazy
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::Finals:  1. Chicago  2. Oklahoma City (4-3)  And before anyone asks, yes, I am biased. But I do think this can happen.
nodonovan1377::I like it!  ~Bulls Fan  P.S. F Miami and the Lakers!
underdawg87::Gnight everyone...only 5 more months of secondary sports until we get back to the real deal!
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::The NFL is awesome,but so is the NBA. :)
underdawg87::Been counting down the days for over 2 weeks now... lol
superskin59::Got the draft thursday
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::EC Playoff Predictions:   1. Chicago (4-1) 8. Philadelphia  2. Miami (4-1) 7. New York  3. Indiana (4-1) 6. Orlando  4. Atlanta  5. Boston (4-3)  1. Chicago (4-2) 5. Boston  2. Miami (4-3) 3. Indiana  1. Chicago (4-3) 2. Miami
cowboyinorange87::Yeah ur not worried that's why u are on an OKC board right?  I don't know what u troll think u are doin by tryin to get under our skin... But for one it just makes u look stupid and have no credibility for anything u say because its just the first thing that comes to ur mind. And 2 ur on w computer man.. real cool and tuff to talk trash from hundreds of miles away on a board that has nothing to do with ur team. My advice is get a life. Maybe just maybe u can get a girlfriend.. that might keep u occupied.. but big tolling is the only thing that gives u self gratification then I guess once a troll always a troll.
darealtexasboi::the spurs can handle the thunder not worried
Hawaiian Raiders::Not gonna happen...i know OKC will not be in the Championship this year....they are too predictable in a series...stop west brook and Harding and what you got...lose in the SR...
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::First of all it's "Harden".  The main point you make, stop Westbrook and Harden, is almost like saying that if you stop Wade and Bosh you stop the Heat.........and Ibaka is great as well.
superskin59::Finals: OKC 4- CHI 3
--KINGME--1.1::I hope you are right with this
Stab that faggot Bruno mars in his Godamn Esophagus::Rape a pregnant chick and tell my friends I had a 3some.
superskin59::Does tated flugget expect us to believe him? I think we all should. The nuggets have 1 win over us in the last 7 games.......theyre obviously so elite the way they havent clinched a playoff spot yet <b> NUGGETS 2012 NBA CHAMPIONS!</b>
BlakeMoneyball::Durant scores more than lebron, rebounds equal to lebron, only averages 3 less assists to lebron even though LEBRON PLAYS TO POINT, demands the ball and performs in the 4th quarter and clutch time while lebron disappears, has more wins as a team in a harder conference.  are we really going to argue that lebron deserves the mvp?  for WHAT?? for getting some running from behind blocks??
jruss1427::still waiting for a response! i mean come on you challenged me and i shut you the $@% up! I love Durants gm cause im a fan of the gm and like alot of players. If you cant see that Lebron is the best all around player in the gm, instead of keep bringing up the 1 finals series that he played averg and still avergd 20pts a gm! he came up a little short but has always been a dominant player in all qtrs of the gm and still is when he has to be! What you dont realize is that he dominates the whole gm and only plays 6 mins in the 4th and when he comes in Wade is in a groove most of the time. Why $@% that up! Dont you see Wade handing the bALL OFF TO Lebron the rest of the gm and getting outa his way! I could go on all night man!
soonerguy80::arguing with a Queen James lover is like arguing with a brick wall........Lebron is putting up the same numbers as last year how is equaling to a previous year qualify as a MVP like year
Jebrown878::No you couldn't you'd choke in the 4th quarter. I'd say Kobe is 5x better than Lebron but he would have to win a ring for that equation to work.....
jruss1427::your fuking kidding me right? ya Durant scores .7pts more than Lebron! thats it though man! Lebron is better in FG%,ast,stls,equal in REBs and that 3 more asst is alot moron! 6.5ast to 3.3 ast is a big difference! Lebron leads the Heat in all 5 main stats! leads the league in Per by the biggest margin in history which proves that he is way more efficient than any other player! He takes less shots than Durant and plays less mins as well! He went 13-1 without Wade and is a MUCH BETTER DEFENDER and is in line to $@% win DPOY! Thats  why Durant is NOT MVP thius yr!
BlakeMoneyball::I challenge anyone to make an argument against KD for MVP.  Whether its for best player on the better team, or the literal sense of most valuable play on any team, Durant wins both races
jruss1427::Kevin Durant is a better scorere than Lebron maybe! Ok better shooter ill say! But Durant is just now starting to develope an all around gm and isnt close to lebrons level in a few things including ast and defense! If you take Durant  away from scoring he disappears! lebron will still put up numbers and play suffocating D!
falco8484::lebron would average more points than durant if he hadnt gotten the crap beat out of him in phoenix and aggravated his old elbow injury. He was shooting with a numb elbow and beat up everywhere; most players would have been out for a week or 2
sooner1980wb20::I think they should preemptively penalize Lebron for choking when it counts in the playoffs again. you know he will.
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::I'd just be content if the refs started calling more travels on his part, and they wouldn't give him those superstar flops he always seems to rack up.........
Tig3rviet::LeBron for MVP!
sooner1980wb20::Is that all?
BlakeMoneyball::ANSWER ME LEBRON FANS I KNOW YOU ARE IN THIS CHAT
superskin59::Has more blocks also
--KINGME--1.1::Either would be deserving
BlakeMoneyball::why is lebon deserving over durant, i'm just asking as a factual observer of basketball honestly.  I am a thunder fan i'll admit, but i think i have a good point here
Spurs4life93::ahem #2ndbest
The Gleeps::you'll be content finishing 2nd in the west? great losers mentallity
superskin59::#youretoofuckingold
Foghorn HookemHorns::Spurs are $@%!$@ gold. You're right.
ZRated77::We are content with that...see you soon.
TyrekeTheKing13::ahem future
nodonovan1377::I hope it ends up being Grizzlies vs. Lakers in round one and the Grizzlies beat the $@%! out them and bounce them in round 1.
Kmacman::That could happen.
pippen will destroy any perimeter player::me too
underdawg87::I hope the NBA ends soon so we can see some real sport...FOOTBALL!
The Gleeps::Dumb Hick
23germany::queens playing bobcats on Sat...... whoever attends this game has to surrender his voting rights unless he starts a fight with these "professional basketball players"
TyrekeTheKing13::ok
underdawg87::Harlem Globe Trotters could take both teams at the same time
TyrekeTheKing13::see you thunder fans again this tuesday... GL till then
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::Again? Damn, we're playing you guys a lot this month........
TyrekeTheKing13::i know its fun to watch you guys play you guys are really good
ZRated77::Good game
Tontos Redemption::Updated:  Kobe: 1590 pts, 57 games = 27.89 Durant: 1751 pts, 63 games = 27.79  Kobe needs 62 pts in his last 2 games to get exactly 28.0 avg Durant would need 97 pts in his 3 games to get exactly 28.0 avg  Problem is Kobe plays last, so regardless of what he says, he will shoot as much as needed to get it :)
berr3555::To Kobe's defense, there is nobody else in the team that can demand shots from him.
Tontos Redemption::agree with that....Bynum and Gasol both played big in his 7 games he was out though.....too much standing and watching when he is in
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::Kobe has the best frontcourt in the NBA, he needs to get them involved more. How can Gasol and Bynum both be averaging 10 less shots than Kobe?
berr3555::Pretty cool stats
TyrekeTheKing13::FTs as well
Tontos Redemption::Kobe 372-440 ....7.9 attempts per game  Durant 395-462  7.5 attempts per game
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::Can you post how many shot attempts each player needed to score that much as well?
Tontos Redemption::Kobe 565 for 1310  Durant 613 for 1221  so 89 LESS shots in 6 MORE games
sooner1980wb20::I hope the Lakers can hold the 3 spot. Let the Spurs deal with the winner of the Clips/Grizz in RD 2.
Kmacman::Yeah, even more reason to sit some people on Sunday.
pippen will destroy any perimeter player::believe it or not i think the last team the thunder want to play is the mavs
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::WC Playoff Predictions:  1. San Antonio (4-1) 8. Utah  2. Oklahoma City (4-1) 7. Denver  3. LA Lakers (4-2) 6. Dallas  4. LA Clippers  5. Memphis (4-2)  1. San Antonio (4-3) 5. Memphis  2. Oklahoma City (4-1) 3. LA Lakers  1. San Antonio 2. Oklahoma City (4-3)
jruss1427::gurentee Denver wins more than 1 gm! just the coaching woul will them to at least 2 wins! OKC has weaknesses just like any other team and its not hard to exploit them at least twice! im just fuking with you giuys! i hope its OKCvsMIA! Mia in 6.
sooner1980wb20::Can you please explain how Denver will win a game against us?   Just kidding... pretty accurate. I'm not so sure the Spurs will get past the Grizz though.
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::The Spurs look better this year than they did last year.......they are a deep team. They play well against us. I'd watch out for them, but sooner or later the age of their stars will catch up with them. Not sure when that will be though, but it likely will be this postseason.
superskin59::Easily, and if the spurs get that far...it will be 4-0
joeTV2000::like if u think "nugget" should go bury him self in a hole!
joeTV2000::no its not, not till 9 45
The Gleeps::Bed time Joe
joeTV2000::hey nugget, how old r u?
underdawg87::Like if youre sick of people needing to validate themselves by getting likes from other people...
Tatted up Nuggets goon who gives your mom herpes::just buried my cock in your mom's hole
pippen will destroy any perimeter player::if durant shot the ball as much as kobe he will easily be the scoring leader
nodonovan1377::True.  I gotta argue w/ur U/name though.  The one guy Pippen couldn't destroy (defensively) in his prime was on his team!
I_am_KDs_ironclad_clutch_mentality::OKC will go 2 seed, SA will get 1 seed.  SA will get knocked out in 2nd round and OKC will play in the Finals.
superskin59::I see San Antonio losing in the first roundd 4-0 to the Suns
darealtexasboi::right.....
d butler16::Lets hope
TyrekeTheKing13::no bias there
TyrekeTheKing13::that doesnt mean anything
The Gleeps::Yes because they are better. You're right no bias
superskin59::We have the ability to be bias because we're a good team
I_am_KDs_ironclad_clutch_mentality::Ya i am biased, just said SA will get 1 seed.
nodonovan1377::Kobe was leading the league in scoring going into tonight by 0.3 ppg over Durant.  Kobe went for 18 pts and Durant went for 29 pts tonight....u do the math!
trollingispathetic::Who cares. Basketball is a team sport. Championships matter, not meaningless stats. If Kobe gets the scoring title and the Thunder win a title who is the real winner?
nodonovan1377::I get that man.  But we all know it matters to Kobe.  He's a selfish p. rick that wants all the accolades.
blueprint2363::kobe still leading..he only went down 1 point..so he'll be at 28.0 and durant will move up to 27.9
blueprint2363::lol..your right he will, he can down play it all he wants...he wants that scoring title
nodonovan1377::Bet u anything if it's close on the last day of the reg season Kobe shoots atleast 26 times!
underdawg87::Noone cares...
underdawg87::Guarantee more people will watch even the worst MNF matchup than watched this crap tonight. lol
nodonovan1377::Said the guy w/the Monday Night Football pic.
blueprint2363::biggest threats to the thunder are the clippers and spurs..the biggest threats to the heat are..the celtics and bulls
Kmacman::As long as they don't pass Lakers for 3 seed, it seems unlikely they would get by both Memphis and SA.
gary8878::I Hope the Clippers are gone before they get a chance to play OKC.  They seem to have our number...
Kmacman::Spurs &amp; Memphis probably meet in round two.  OKC won't have to beat them both.
ZRated77::I agree with Memphis.... they are match up a lot better... Clippers can't beat Thunder in a series... Everyone thinks that the jaw dropping Thunder shut down in the Clippers game is how it's going to be....that was simply a fluke...  Spurs will be tough...Memphis will be tough...Mavs will be tough in a series
blueprint2363::are you sure? they already beat the thunder 3 times this season
superskin59::The threats to us are the Clippers.
blueprint2363::they have proven they can beat memphis through..I think they own the season series against memphis
pippen will destroy any perimeter player::memphis has proven they can beat the thunder also
pippen will destroy any perimeter player::memphis
