hoostinerrecliner::Jamario Moon's on the Bobcats now? About time someone realized the unsigned talent. Now only if Melvin Ely could get signed.
Awbridgers::You guys make it sound like theres never been a bad team in the NBA. Yes we will have the least amount of wins... but there are less games as well. The Supersonics sucked and now look at them. The Spurs sucked in the 90s and went on to win 4 championships in 99-07. The team will get better.
fliptide....::Bobcats would never win 20 games even in a 120 game expanded season
RAuger33::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnj2_7d4vG4 Celtics 2012 Playoff Preview
Jai22T::Top 20 players EVER 1)MJ,2)Magic,3)Kareem,4)Wilt,5)Russell,6)Bird,7)Kobe,8)TimmyD,9)The Dream,10)BigO,11)Moses,12)Shaq,13)Stockton,14)KG,15)Mailman,16)Barkley,17)Isiah,18)Ewing,19)DRodinson,20)Drexler
Road dog Red::Celtisc go 4-1 over 7 days and drop TWO places to accommodate BOTH LA teams. in Marc steins Power Rankings.. and no...there is NO LA favoritism..of course NOT.....its a myth
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Stop crying both LA teams are taking care of bizzness as well.More Falitc fan whining.
Phylidia Featherbottom::Jordan has now done it all. He was on one of the top 5 teams of all time, now he's GM of one of the worst teams all time....where do you go from there?
Awbridgers::The same place the Thunder went. 1) hire the thunder GM-check 2) be really bad-CHECK 3) eventually have enough good draft picks to be contenders. -?????  Also Id vote for dennys
Road dog Red::Hooters
RelentlessD96::Buffalo Wild WIngs
jdzspace.::Denny's?
KashMunee::Watching PP take games ( Chicago/Toronto) off is nauseating not only to me but King Cobra Rondo
jdzspace.::C's!
UCF_Grad04::Given Rondo's personality, I can't help but take his comment about conditioning as a little bit of a jab at the Big 3 for taking the night off.  "I wanted to play 48 to see where I was conditioning-wise," Rondo said.
Jlakay423::Rondo is also what, 10 years younger then all of them?
KashMunee::Rondo with a jab
KashMunee::But the CELTICS make it look so
KashMunee::Pimping ain't EASY
Mohawk328::it was great to see KG &amp; pierce get a rest last night &amp; tonight    to get ready for the KNICKS   ny even though 8th seed is no easy out     Chicago im sure is well aware of it .  id love for the celts to get that 3rd seed     id rather play the heat over the bulls in the 2rd    if it comes to that  .
UCF_Grad04::Odd for them not to travel with the team though
big1dunny::Makes no sense to travel they were in NY for the Nets game on Sat so why travel to Charlotte when they can just get a extended break and wait for the team to travel back to NY for the knicks game tues. If not for the 2 out 3 games in NY area they would of traveled with the team
Reality_And_Truth::When Gerald Henderson is your star, your team is in big trouble....Henderson is a pedestrian journeyman player on virtually all other NBA teams.....this team needs more than Anthony Davis to succeed........
Awbridgers::New Coach definitely. I would like to see us (im a bobcats fan) hire D'Antoni. Atleast while were losing we can lose in a high scoring affair.
SeanCarterFTW::Okay so, if you're a Bobcats fan, I feel so sorry for you. Not only do you have the worst team I have ever seen, you also have a team that has gotten blown away by the 2nd worst team in the league (Wizards). Everyone needs to stop $@%!$@%! about the owner and coach. They have NO team, I bet my highschool basketball team and beat these guys. Get basketball out of Charlotte now!!!
Awbridgers::The Coach isnt very good, he lets his son coach half of the games, The team definitely could be a whole lot better but if they played more as a team and not so selfishly they would have alot more wins. No one ever passes. Whoever gets the ball first shoots
Rondo is a Bum::NBA    How far do you think Boston can go in the playoffs? I think they can at least get to the ECF. My heart is with them winning 1 more championship with the "Real" Big 3 and Rondo due to the roster moves that Doc has made. KG moving to the 5 was a genius move by Doc as well as moving Ray to the bench and letting Avery start. Our bench is now better with Ray, Pietrus, Steamer, etc.. Our starting lineup is now quicker, faster, and better on defense with Bass, Avery, and Rondo. PP and KG are older but still productive. KG is thriving at center, and PP is as clutch as they come. Avery can defend any 2 guard including Wade and Rondo is Rondo. We probably have the fastest backcourt in the NBA now with Rondo and Avery. Boston will be a tough out....
Road dog Red::NBA FINALS... going to take the three spot away from Indiana
heez23::THATS A SHAME. The Nba needs to relocate this team ASAP,then strip the team from One of the worse owners Ive seen! MJ is no GM.
Awbridgers::why would they relocate the team?
heez23::When teams rest their players against you becomes normal something is very very wrong.
GamecockDolphin::I am getting more impressed with Bradley by the game.  The boy is finally developing some poise! Its nice to see the Cs win with some of the younger bench talent.  I know it is the Bobcats but still nice to see that the big men can take 5 minutes off and the team doesn't go to crap.
Rondo is a Bum::PP owns Rondo
Road dog Red::lol...
Lakers 19::there's no way around it but the Charlotte Bobcats have the worst record in NBA history (7-52) its in their best interest to fire their coach at the end of the season or just go ahead andfire him now because they are really struggling they havent had a winning season or a winning record its no telling when was the last time the bobcats won a game.
fliptide....::WRONG, ALL of you.  Have you ever considered that they WANT to have the WORST RECORD????
Awbridgers::The coach's contract is up at the end of the year anyways. He only took over because we fired Larry Brown, who pretty much decimated our team. Traded Jason RIchardson for boris, cut tyson Chandler etc. The GM makes the trades that the coach thinks will help the team
Jlakay423::Fire everyone
Road dog Red::Fire the OWNER
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
Dribbird::For all the haters, Rondo has a better 16-23ft jumper than Rose.  Rondo 39.0% Rose 37.0%
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Yea when you take less your bound to have a better shooting percentage. Dude your numbers are missing leading. Through more than just fg% out there ,show the the fgm/ fga as well.
solidla::even if I'm not a celtics fan, you have to be impressed with their efforts!
Gstoll1977::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Rdiu::Bobcats is a joke , the team that give chance to all the scrubs who don't deserve to play in NBA , i think they can't even perform in the D-league, damn MJ how can someone so good at playing Bball so bad at manage a team ? sell the team and go play golf ,stop embarrass yourself anymore
Awbridgers::we hired a new Gm Rich Cho. Maybe you've heard of him? if not hes the guy that took the last place SuperSonics and built them into what we see today as the Thunder, #1 team in the west. MJ is making efforts so get off his $@%
DavidkK_T::Manage a team? Last I checked, the GM is the one who manages it.
GamecockDolphin::I can't stand it when people act like they know what is going on behind the scenes.  You must be one of MJs posse huh?
Rdiu::it's not a secret Jordan hired all the 'yes man' to work for him, do you think any of those guys will made any decision without Jordan's permission?
CandySparker::Super 1 Rondo
Road dog Red::The Tics have the NBA and the stupid media right where they want them...UNKNOWING...Rondo is the team..he can get 20 assists and 20 points ANYTIME he wants...all these so called basketball experts might as well talk about ping pong. Only former players like Magic, Chris Weber, Kenny Smith, Bob Cousey et al  have been saying or hinting to exactly what we saw today.  Its all over for everyone else.....Lebron, Wade, Kobe, Dirk, Melo, Rose...even the nu faker fave Bynum..are bylines and  the past. . One dimensional, two at best. They are the OLD..Rondo is the NEW. The Matrix...something that's NEVER been seen before. A 6'1" guard PG who can score, assist, rebound and play defense. He can appear as non-engaging and STILL control the game. A study in understatement with the flash and daring of a person who believes he's the BEST basketball player that has ever lived  Rondo is the future of the NBA, he is the BEST player in the NBA (sorry Lebron) and in true Celtic style..its all about TEAM.
Syrindge::Right on Road dog Red!!!
TheWalrusnow::rondo is something new? rondo first of all has been doing this for the last two yrs. second he is basically a poorer mans jason kidd, who rebounds, assists, and struggles with his shot. rondo is a better defender than kidd but even a worse shooter and more of a liability at the end of games bc of his atrocious free-throw shooting. rondo is a great player, but he is not the best player or pg in the league. and do you truly think rondo is the best player in the league? here is a man incapable of consistently hitting a 15 footer or a free throw, who the gm was trying to tried for the last 6 months. he is playing great but not even in top 10.
big1dunny::Poor man's Jason Kidd? Sorry Kidd has never had a streak of double digit assists like Rondo has you have to go back 20 years. Kidd never dropped triple doubles that only 2 men have ever done Wilt and Big O. Kidd has never avg 11 assists a game Rondo has done it back to back years. Rondo has already done many things Kidd has never done in his career. Plus Kidd is a HUGE pg. NBA has never seen a guy so small as Rondo rebound and get triple doubles like he does.
beebopbaloop::Or was that two seasons ago?
beebopbaloop::I just hope Wade doesn't try to take him out like last season.
Saurabh-Verma::Wade took out Rondo last year and god completely messed up his knee this year.
Road dog Red::RONDO...A diamond in the rough
Chocolate Thunder.::This post kicked ass
Martin Rodriguez677::Nice red meat post.
Road dog Red::Bring em on...the future is NOW..i just saw it with my own eyes
jyetter247::http://www.yetterisland.blogspot.com  Interesting stuff, pretty funny. 5 ways to improve baseball, why leBron is a loser, and more
Chocolate Thunder.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRjhIWg9Q1I&amp;feature=related  !
Road dog Red::Dang...thats NICE
CoreyBlair31::Bobcats suck!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KORdoKbUzc
Road dog Red::In analysis/// a so called 'Bobcat' fan is much like a WWE fan....they think its REAL
Dwayne_Johnson23::WATCH YOUR MOUTH JABRONI!
Road dog Red::Truthfully... there is no such animal as a 'Bobcat' fan
Kidd-GilchristisaBEAST::Hey Bobcat Fans, Cheer Up. Check out what will be coming to an arena near you circa 2013!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiV5FvwJz3I  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11n9eqJ_xpM&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;NR=1
Awbridgers::i believe you mean heres what you have a 25% chance of getting
Kidd-GilchristisaBEAST::I mean 2013, sorry.
Road dog Red::CELTICS
letsgoaces11::I feel bad for Charlotte fans. I don't know how I could put up with this crap, and I'm a Leafs fan for gods sakes.
letsgoaces11::I know... believe me... I know.
Road dog Red::DANG
Toronto Raps15::Leafs r the Knicks of the NHL lol
Chocolate Thunder.::"I wanted to play 48 to see where I was conditioning-wise," Rondo said.  Fucking beast
NBA_refs_are_weak::ahaha i was just about to copy paste that quote. gotta love the dude. who even says stuff like that? he really does seem completely oblivious to everything going on around him aside from playing basketball
mynameisjayee::If Assists is convertible to points in NBA, then who is the best POINT GUARD? Rondo or your Brick Rose?   Jeez! Basketball is not just how many points you made in a game, there are so many stats to look at like Dennis Rodman!
Dribbird::Ok I'm out. Rondo is the best PG in the NBA. I's not an opinion, its a fact.
convolutedthought::cp3 then its a tie for d will, d rose (healthy_ and rondo
Chocolate Thunder.::Here this one is full of tough shots at the rim.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3WVJBIDxZQ
Martin Rodriguez677::Idiotic. Pierce had a TOTAL game in his prime. Short/mid/long/passing/FTs. I hate the guy personally. And I kinda like Rondo even though he is a Celtic. Rondo will never have the type of career Pierce did.
Road dog Red::How many trip dubs does PP have???? I think the answer is ZERO
Dribbird::When all their careers are over, Rondo is going to be the best of the Big 4.
Road dog Red::Hmmmmmm.... lets just take one year at a time
Chocolate Thunder.::Yes.
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 champs baby!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets &gt; celtics
Dribbird::Good luck against San Antonio in the first round.
Chocolate Thunder.::When he threw the ball at Varejao's nuts i lost it
beebopbaloop::When was this?
yorklinks1::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
Dribbird::Rondo almost averaged a triple double in the 2009 playoffs and he s a better player now.
Chocolate Thunder.::"Rose is a better finisher around the rim"  Ehh..not really. Rose just shoots more, thats really it.   Shots at the rim: Rose - 60% Rondo - 59.6%
DISandDAT6::Well look at the degree of difficulty of his layups and they're harder than Rondo's. Rajon only goes to the cup when he knows there's a high chance of making it. Rose goes in any time
Road dog Red::Thats called BRAINS..Rondo has Brains.. Rose..not so much
Dribbird::Yea it wasnt the greatest video to prove my point but Rondo did throw the ball at verejao's nuts.    But Rondo takes a lot of very tough shots in the paint.
DISandDAT6::Okay Rondo's my favorite player in the league.. I'm just saying Rose makes way more difficult layups more often then Rondo. That video showed high percentage layups, which proved my point.
Dribbird::Yea,  put it on mute
Chocolate Thunder.::Lil Bow Wow ahahaa
Chocolate Thunder.::Totally not true. Rondo makes some of the most difficult shots at the rim. Hes also 2 inches shorter than Rose.
Dribbird::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ep8z8sjcig  Not true at all.
Dribbird::Rondo is a better pure PG and all around player.   But Rose is a better scorer.
kneegrows14::rondo does not really need to score as much with the way he creates opportunities for other players to score and to me I think that is what a point guard should be doing anyways
Dribbird::16 - 23 ft FG%  Rondo- 39% Rose- 37%
DISandDAT6::Rose is a better finisher around the rim.. well pretty much a better all around scorer, but definitely not a better passer and vision of the court.
mirus14::Rondos 3-9 ft FG %  26.1%
Dribbird::Right.  Free Throws and 3 Pointers are the only thing that make people good.  I see your point.
Chocolate Thunder.::His 16-23 foot jumper is better than Rose's.
mirus14::31% is way better than Rondos. Rondo cant shoot
Chocolate Thunder.::Rose shoots 31%, has for his career. He needs to knock it off. At least Rondo knows his limitations.  Rose is a chucker.
mirus14::Rondos  3-9 ft FG %   26.1%
Dribbird::Plus Rondo is a much better passer.
Dribbird::16 - 23 ft FG%    Rondo- 39%  Rose- 37%
mirus14::Roses 3 point percentage is higher. So is his Free throw %. Rose can score other than driving which Rondo can only do
Chocolate Thunder.::Rondo is not a 3 point shooter. Rose should also knock it off.
Chocolate Thunder.::"You are making stuff up"   - Rose fans
12 Pats win 4::Good win for the C's with the big guns out, but the Bobcats are pathetic. Any of the top CBA teams would destroy these scrubs. Time for the NBA to get rid of a few teams, starting with Charlotte. Teams as weak as this destroy the product. GO C'S!!!!
Dribbird::Rose scores because he has to for the Bulls, Rondo give up point totals so the rest of the big 3 can score.  When they miss games, he makes up for it.  He can score whenever he needs too.
Chocolate Thunder.::The Bulls look worse with Rose.
nyquilholic21::not really true, at the beginning of the season they were even better with him healthy.  he has come back rusty and not 100%.  which doesn't bode well for the bulls in hte playoffs, he has to be healthy.
mirus14::Check the plus/ minus
nyquilholic21::there is no question rose is a better scorer than rondo....they impact the game in completely different ways
nyquilholic21::rondo is my fav player, doesn't mean he has no flaws
mirus14::Apparently to these boston fans hes not. I know its ridiculous
mirus14::Not true. If you shut the lanes down he cant
EpicPicks::It's not made up. Look it up.
Dribbird::If rondo shot all the time his scoring numbers would be higher.
Chocolate Thunder.::Hes a chucker
mirus14::Roses PPG is almost doubled Rondos haha
Dribbird::http://hoopdata.com/player.aspx?name=Rajon%20Rondo
mirus14::Where are you getting this made up info?
Dribbird::Rondo FG%- 45.4 Rose FG%- 44.4
Chocolate Thunder.::39% is slightly above avg.  Rose is about avg. at 37%
mirus14::Its average at best. He is horrendous at 3s and freethrows.
Dribbird::He has a much better jumper than people say.
Dribbird::mirus 14 can be a hater all he wants.  Rondo is still going to put up huge number every single night.
mirus14::How am I hating? Rondo is good but saying he is the best is absolutely ridiculous.
mirus14::Cuz Rose was injured... If he wasnt he'd be ranked higher than Rondo
Chocolate Thunder.::Rose is not MVP this year. Not even close.  Rondo is better than Rose this year. Its not that hard to grasp.
mirus14::That means jack. How can you say thats better than the reigning MVP
Dribbird::Saying Rondo has absolutely no offensive game
Chocolate Thunder.::Hes ranked 5th in the MVP voting, ahead of every other PG. Only Paul is close.  Apparently there are others who agree.
mirus14::Check the numbers 1 on 1 vs Rose. Its not even close
