David Adler::PUT JAMAAL IN!
Jonathan Clemo::pels need this one before a ridiculous road trip
Errol Thomas Jr::Good lawd this is painful.  I knew last season would cause somewhat of a let down, but my Grizzlies are simply painful to watch.  An 11 point quarter, really?  Take nothing away from the Pelicans; their best player is out and they are still finding a way to win games.  I'm still a fan and supporter but disappointed with the performance of this Grizzlies squad so far this year.
Steve Olita::You can't blame it on injuries, you can't blame it on the Western Conference getting better......its all about a street geek Robert Pera firing the best thing that ever happened to the Memphis Grizzlies and that was Lionel Hollins. Now the Memphis Grizzlies  are back to just being "Memphis."
Greg Bosgraaf::I don't know if I can agree with you there man. Remember when Marc went down, we had just come off of the California sweep and were looking great. I thought that firing Lionel was the right move as well. I think he was probably a great motivator and got the guys to play with high energy for sure, but I don't think he was a very good x's and o's coach. His rotations made no sense and I never trusted an out-of-bounds play. He would take out a hot shooter in the 4th quarter because that was what his rotation dictated, instead of adapting. I'm not sure that Joerger is our guy or not, but I think we need to give him more of a chance with a healthy lineup.
Charles Cherry::Yea but they wasn't getting smoked by double digits...especially at home....
Steve Olita::This team was the laughing stock of the NBA before Lionel came on, and now we're already heading  back in that direction...all I'm saying is Robert Pera may have a lot of money but when it comes to handling a team he ain't sh!.t...n then when the story came out about him challenging Jordan to a game of 1 on 1...what a joke. N notice how there was never a response from Jordan.. Speaks Volumes. Who does this guy think he is, John Elway?
Joey Cox::CBS reporting that a possible trade with New Orleans for Ryan Anderson. I would take that.
Greg Bosgraaf::I'd be cool with that as well.
Sheena Immizbig Fine::For who
Greg Bosgraaf::Sheena Immizbig Fine Z Bo
Joey Cox::Rumors are that they are shopping Zach Randolph. That wont be a good thing.
Greg Bosgraaf::They've been shopping Z Bo for a couple of years now. If they can get a lot in return for him I say trade him while he still has some good trade value.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Good win Pellies. Wish I was at the game getting those free fries..
Greg Bosgraaf::Great start for our boys, keep getting those good looks!
Nick Grondin::Go Pelicans!
