Cyril::Jennings had 10 assists at halftime...Pistons up 5.  Jennings shot and missed 7 times in the second half and ended with 11 assists...Pistons lose by 28. A smart point guard would figure things out and learn when to shoot and which shots to take.  Not Jennings.  He takes the same bad shots as always, and whenever the team is behind he suddenly decides he has to be the one to shoot them out of it. Smith has the same hero complex. Monroe and Drummond were the guys they should have been going to, but they took it upon themselves instead.
CabanaBoy::Jennings for Knight and Middleton. Big mistake.
KMike::2-5 with Stuckey out of the lineup. I guess that means without him driving the lane, they can't play inside out basketball. Nobody else on the roster capable of going to the hole to open up wide open jumpers as a result of inside play. Nobody that can drive, get fouled, and go to the line when they can't make an outside shot. What the hell do they pay the current coaching staff for then? I'll take the job for less and produce the same results. I can't do any worse at making adjustments, because they don't make any.
Maxx::What NBA team gets DRILLED by 30 on their own home court?  It's pitiful to watch... Terrible excuse for an NBA team.
Steve::It was a good game until the second half...again. Hey Mo try using some different players at the start of the second half...it couldn't hurt.
D-troit Engines::About a month ago Pistons was a playoff team ... now they rock bottom.  I just can't watch them anymore, no energy, no swagger... NOTHING! They are pathetic
Win or Lose with Honor::Dump Billups and Bynum for anything, trade Smith for Amir Johnson and get Knight back for Jennings, then bring back Afflalo and the team would have players that are smart and play as a team; not a bunch if individual players with low Basketball IQs. Johnson and Afflaflo also are good defensively, while Knight is a team player and still learning. Smith is not a fit here or anywhere if he continues to play outside. Bet thy would be over .500 with those changes, then maybe Pope could start to shoot and evelop a bit more. While at it send Datome back to Italy. Can't play "D" and his shooting is lost here; must have left it back in Europe. This is not Rocket science Joe. Just signing a big free agent for BIGGER bucks will not produce a winner. Did you forget about Gordon and "V" (who would probably bring more to the team now than Smith). Ugh! cannot watch Smith shoot outside anymore! HELP!!!!!
Commenter::Pistons are getting pathetic to watch. They have talent but they play a very sloppy out of control game. really thought Chauncy would help but he sucks out there. They keep games close then decide it's time to play backyard basketball and get sloppy. Drummond has to understand that pulling down a rebound is enough sometimes, instead he tries to put back these pathetic shots then he gets a foul
CabanaBoy::Jennings for Knight AND Middleton.
KEITH::JSmith and Jennings , 2 more bad contracts. When will it end ?
