Jamil Smith::eric b is the most intriguing talent in the league. being it sunday I'll use football to explain, aaron rodgers learned how to play the game under brett farve, this kid learned under chris paul, on a team run like a lot of college teams, with no player playing over 25 minutes. the clippers under del negro. So essentially this young man is rookie. and being he has already played three years in the league he's the best developed rookie since guys his level of talent actually stayed in school for 4 years. We haven't seen anything like this in 15 years. Watch out, the dim lights of arizona and a team of zero egos or dominating veterans this guy will realize every ounce of his full potential and become the best point guard in the west mark my words. He's got a an edge and he's fearless. The he'll be this year what stef curry was last year.
Derek Hansen::lol what's up with evans didnt he sign for a bunch of money this offseason and he's playing 7 minutes? Ima suns fan so i dont know much about their system but that seems dumb to pay a guy 10 mil a year to sit on the bench for most of the game
Tony Ellis::Reke hurt himself in preseason and has been absolutely terrible so far this season. It could be attributed to rust and not being in game shape yet at first, but the deeper it gets into the season, it just looks like he is not fitting in at all on this team.
Derek Hansen::Tony Ellis coming into the year and on the outside looking in, that lineup of holliday, gordon and evans wouldn't be able to work. I mean those are 3 good players but you can't fit a square beg in a round hole, that contract will haunt them if they can't incorporate him.  Makes it look like the GM just had money to burn this offseason instead of adding value at a position of need
Tony Ellis::Derek Hansen it also takes time to incorporate new guys, but Gordon and Evans are both very ball dominant players. Once Anderson comes back, I think it will be better off, as Anderson and Evans can bring legitimacy to their second unit. As of now, Evans is just trying to find his way.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Man I hate to give up on a young player but I think I many have seen enough of Eric Gordon. I mean I don't think 2 more years of this level of play at max money is worth it. Suns are lucky they didn't get him.
Junior May::New Orleans did the best thing the Suns could ask for.  Was match his contract.  I am sorry, he is damage goods.
Scott Boyle::Archie Goodwin is going to be the steal of the draft. Kid can play. Suns have a great core (Bledsoe, Goodwin, Morris and Len - maybe) going forward with tons of cap space and possibly 4 first round draft picks in a really deep draft. Two years away from being a title contender. The new GM is doing wonders with his rebuild.
Barry N McCockiner::I agree with everything except Len. He probably won't ever play a full season.
Kyle Kramer::As a Suns fan I am happy they are winning right now, but in all reality this is not a team that will compete for anything significant this year. If Phoenix plays their absolute best they can be about a 6-8 seed in the West, will likely lose first or second round, and will lose out on a potential franchise player in Wiggins, Parker, etc.
Eric Evans::And trad their 3 picks for a top pick duhhh
Kuka Ortiz::remember that one time we had a young team in starbury, voskuhl, marion, amare and co. That team that made it to the playoffs built a tight chemistry, and it took one veteran to make that team a contender. If this squad can compete and make it to the playoffs, I'm pretty sure the chemistry built will lead to a free agent signing thats more important than Wiggins and Parker.  I love Bledsoe and would love to keep him as the guy running the squad. The suns have a nice thing going here and there's no need to be negative about it. Go Suns!
Alex Ko::remember that even if they end up being "too good" to get into the lottery (still plenty of games to lose honestly) they still have a TON of cap space (as designed) to use on a top player this summer.  So if we don't end up doing bad enough to get Wiggins or Parker, it's not necessarily a bad thing.
Brandon Duenas::The Suns are a lot of fun to watch this year.   Love the energy and effort, and highlight reel dunks and blocked shots don't hurt. I know everyone wants them to tank, but it's important to not build a losing culture in the NBA. It's hard to break out of that once you do.
Michael Perez::70% say pelicans will win? lol.............
Daniel Tuggle::what makes the Suns so special though
Daniel Tuggle::other then Eric Bledsoe who is turning into a star
Jay Smith::Daniel Tuggle Nothing makes them particularly special, as far as I can see, but they're playing good basketball right now. Their two losses, at Oklahoma City and San Antonio, went right down to the wire. A lot of visiting teams are going to lose in those arenas.
Kevin Varner::go suns!
Ryan Hastings::Hard to tell where these two teams will be by game 20.  New Orleans looks like they're headed back to the lottery but they have 2 players on the starting roster that will never help them win a 'chip; Gordon and Holiday.  Trading for Jrue Holiday was a huge mistake.  The guy was an All-Star, by default (No D-Rose or Rondo) and he put up the worst statistical shooting game in NBA history after the All-Star break.   Phoenix looks like it actually has a complete roster without their top pick Alex Len and while cutting ties with Kendall Marshall, their last first round pick.  My only qualm is Bledsoe's high turnover rate.  If he can cut down on that or they can keep overcoming his turnovers, they could actually make the playoffs and make some noise.
Adam Isbell::Finally Markieff is playing basketball the way he should have been the entire time. I know part of it was Gentry's system, but I did not like him shoot all those 3's, he needs to stay in the paint and shoot the high percentage shots. So far this entire team has bought into what Coach Hornacek has taught them, he has them playing great team basketball. Keep it up! Go Suns!
Tony Ellis::Suns might be legit. Markieff Morris is the real deal, and so is Plumlee...and we knew Bledsoe was going to dominate as soon as he got the chance. If their bench can hold up, they might sneak into the playoffs (so much for them winning the Wiggins sweepstakes. Utah's the favorite, although they will probably improve as Favors and Kanter get more adjusted to being 35 minute a night players)
Daniel Tuggle::Well I wouldn't go as far to say Miles Plumlee is the real deal.. but he's been very active so far this season and getting to play... He only played 30 mins. last season as a 25 yr old rookie
Tony Ellis::Daniel Tuggle the thing with Plumlee is that he has incredible leaping ability for someone his size. That means he can lift over most defenders his size (Davis notwithstanding) to make little hook shots and the like down low. His midrange game is good, not great, and he hasn't gotten down his positioning to secure rebounds yet. As the season goes on, I expect him to improve his overall game, but wear down (he averaged no more than 20.5 minutes a game in his four seasons at Duke, and that's obviously a much shorter schedule). He also is very good at altering shots without fouling, which is obviously huge (a guy like Larry Sanders fouled out ten times last season). There's only been one game this year where Plumlee got into early foul trouble, which is important because the Suns don't really have any other post defender besides him. Frye, Morris, and Morris are all natural PFs who are not all that spectacular defensively or on the glass, and Alex Len simply isn't ready yet. So, I expect him to do well.
Ravi Mahalingam::Mildly surprised by Bledsoe.  He didn't really show good floor general skills with the Clippers and at times looked bored.  So far in Phoenix, it looks like he has a decent floor game to go along with scoring ability and athleticism.  Suns look like an interesting team.
John Osaki Jr.::The Suns are 5-2, you got to be kidding! Suns fans, turn back the clock and check the great Steve Nash in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Shawn Cline::Suns FO is loving this! They are getting GREAT performances from guys they didn't expect. Now they can get more picks and save some money for next season!
Barry N McCockiner::When they traded Scola for Green and Plumlee I didn't like either player. I'm happy to admit I was wrong about both of them.
Tiffany Seltzer Green::pelicans win by 8+....... If pels pick up on the boards, they will be fine.  Pho is shooting horrible and 1/12 behind the 3 point line will catch up with !!!!
Gary Gardner::so much for that prediction.
Daniel Tuggle::The Pelicans players not getting Davis involved has them losing this game
Daniel Tuggle::I'm telling you when The Pels get Ryan Anderson back theyre gona be a real fun team
Blake Gonthier::and good team
Frank Eshelman::Morris twins went 3-3 on 3 pointers? Wow!
Charles Lou::markieff's been on fire so far this season...  i guess if you have both morris on the team, either 1 will pan out.
Will Barker::Keep this streak going GO SUNS
Reinis Lauskis::is anderson cming back?
Eric Evans::Suns win and win big
Tom Seiler::The pelicans!
Eric Evans::Tom Seiler are gay
Jay Carson::Geaux Pelicans!
