Unbiasedfan83::Zero steals for Rose. Typical
philly7ko::34 pts for Rose.  Typical
RyanCarranza::Still a win... Typical
Mcatee1117::Why don't you go be "unbiased" somewhere else...
atlkee1787::bulls fans actually think rose is MJ or something. That dude has alot of flaws in his game he needs to work out best he can be the best
Chi Town Stand Up::Trust me... With everything that MJ put into this organization I'd be surprised if we said Drose was as good as MJ
spynnal::He is not MJ.  But they share a trait.  Both were competitors, and both had the drive to be the best every time they took the floor.  There are few people who play with that killer instinct.  Jordan, Kobe, Wade, and a few others are good examples of driven competitors.  Rose is fast on his way there too.  Sports need more players like that.
RyanCarranza::It's what is needed to win rings.  Derrick has that mentality.  You are 100% correct.
chritter66::No Bulls fans think rose is in the same universe as MJ--that's a stupid comment.
RyanCarranza::Who is?  Seriously... Who in this thread is saying that?  If they are, then they are stupid.
atlkee1787::They way they talk down on other superstars like they can't compare to rose says otherwise. No bulls fans should be trying to convience themselfs that rose is better that LeBron or Wade. Especially after what happened in the playoffs
NdonkeykongSuh1::A lot of flaws? Haters write some stupid things
atlkee1787::Yes alot? Can't shoot, Defend, or keep from turning the ball over
RyanCarranza::Of course he does.  Derrick can do it all though, just not as consistent as MJ or even Kobe.  He is 23 years old for Christ sake. He is the youngest MVP ever in the history of this league...  He is only getting better.  I don't care if he is better than MJ, I want him to be better for this team.
rynodesign::People always fail to realize how young he really is and how much room he has for improvement. This is his 4th season and he already has a pretty nice start on the accolades.
chuck4dude::i bet the hornets trade gordan the bulls should try an get in on that if they could  it is time to get (rid) like some bug spray dude played over 30min and only got nine points i bet butler would score more the 3 point aint working so it is time to try something else
RyanCarranza::Derrick had a killers attitude last night and he wanted to win that game.  14 of 24 shooting is fantastic.  3 assists is not good, but a victory is all that matters.  I am not gonna sit here and rant on how the Bulls should win tomorrow against the Heat.  Lebron is a freak of nature, Wade is back and that's scary and Bosh is having a heck of a season so far.  I truly believe Miami's half court game is no match for the Bulls half court game, but the Bulls have to limit fast break points.  Rip is gonna cause problems for Wade, always has and if Deng is in then Lebron is gonna have a sticky defender on him all game long.  Hopefully Noah can come out and make sure Bosh doesn't find his rythm on the outside shot.   Derrick can destroy Miami's PG's.  To me... The bench has a lot to prove tomorrow for the Bulls.  CJ has got to make sure his shots are open and he falls back on defense because Miami will run all over you if you don't.  Hopefully Korver can find his groove beyond the arc and put some dents on the Miami defense.  It's going to be a great game for a Sunday afternoon guys!  Lets enjoy it!
blackhawksrule55::good win for the bulls.... now to beat the heat
southridge305::wow, so where is the thug on this heat team.lol. u fans really make your self look immature and ignorant to the comments u make. u got heat players back in the day like p.j brown and Zo throwing blows and slamming peopleduring games, yet u call this generation of heat team thugs. i doubt you even really know what the word mean or what society claims for it to mean. its pathetic and so are the fans that continue to bash miami heat. i love the heat team of the 90's, but to say they are men and the teams now aren't is foolish. are they men because they willing to brawl every game
southridge305::bulls fans do the same thing, it goes both ways, if u dont believed me, then go on heat board from last night game
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I believe you. And while I think trash talking to a certain extent is fine, I also wish both teams fans could grow up a little bit and stop with the attacks on personal players.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::the only thing people 'hate' about the Miami Heat, is when their fans come onto Bulls boards and troll after every single game.
LobBron James::Derbrick Rose, overrated.  FACT
danchicago79::Ha, Chuck, what a loser.
RyanCarranza::He won the MVP last year.  You know nothing.
hioh631::In the ECF Rose did take more shots than he scored points. He had a total of 117 pts and 119 fg attempts. He shot 35% from the field.
RyanCarranza::Are you seriously suggesting Derrick Rose is overrated?  Derrick obviously had more points than shots taken.
atlkee1787::So......... He also took more shots than he made points in the playoffs
philly7ko::still sippin on the haterade huh.  DRose can finish a game unlike LaChoke
philly7ko::dont forget about LaChokes help...Wade.  Rose doesnt need another superstar to win a championship.  The heat can't even do that with 3 superstars
RyanCarranza::Good for him... Hopefully he doesn't take after his father.
chuck4dude::i like ho.es i pay for it get it then they leave women want to get $@%! for free
chuck4dude::my son plays park ball to everybody plays at the park
RyanCarranza::No... Are you?
chuck4dude::so you trying out for the bulls lil nigg.a
RyanCarranza::You're right, there are no "hoes" texting me.  I like women... and they call me.
RyanCarranza::What are you talking about?  Your periods are in the middle of your words to keep them from being censored.
chuck4dude::i got periods all over the post dont you see them do you tell yo mom to use periods when she text you cause i know aint no ho.es texting you ryan carranza
RyanCarranza::4 years basketball district 214 04-07... Feder travel basketball from 01-03.  Bulls training camps every summer...  I play ball night and day kid.
chuck4dude::it a rap song lil nigg.a
RyanCarranza::Just use a period at least...  I almost lost my breath from reading this!
chuck4dude::you sound silly @ryan enlish aint gone save yo as.s when them nigg.as at you the crazy thing is i bet you ho.e as.s nigg.as didnt even play ball maybe baseball but that is it
chuck4dude::you the same nigg.a that got yo as.s beat the $@% at school for telling on everybody nigg.a this text talk not a essay for school so no need for typing correctly so back to you being a bitc.h nigg.a english i aint said a word just typing so how would you know what my english sound like the bulls have more fans in mia then the heat all teams do the heat got baby ho.e as.s at the games aint that nigg.a from new orleans bandwagon nigg.as just like yo lame as.s
RyanCarranza::You are absolutely correct.  Eastern Conference Champions they were and they deserved it.  Good for them.  The game on Sunday is meaningless, but you have to remember something... this is a new season.  This is a fresh start.  You cannot count your wins or trophies yet, look where that got Miami last year.  Realize, anything short of a championship is a failure for the Miami Heat, and rightfully so.  I am not saying the Bulls will win it all this year, but what I am saying is that the Bulls are a force in the East that is just as powerful as Miami is.  For the reasons I stated in my post above.  On a side note... Reply to me if you want to have a coherent debate on these two teams.  Obviously nobody else seems to think before they type.
giangir::Nice English.  Don't be so mad because the Heat is that much better than the Bulls that they took them out in 5.  That's  5 games, that's not even a close series.    And while there is no second place, there is the Eastern Conference Champion, something Miami was last year, something Lebron and Wade have been before in the past, and something Rose never has been. The game this Sunday is meaningless, hopefully as a Bulls fan after last year you learned that, but judging by your writing skills I do not believe learning is your forte.
chuck4dude::you a heat fan why you on this page if cant nobody talk baby bron bron get yo ho.e as.s out of here (dont talk bout lebron you sound like a bitc.h if you aint no mavs fan you cant say nothing) bitc.h nigg.a the heat didnt win it neither it aint no second place in the ship so the heat is in the same boat as the bulls no ring bitc.h
RyanCarranza::Also, if you read my comment above you will see I am not bashing Miami, put simply stating my feelings on the possible outcome based on the Bulls play compared to Miami's.
RyanCarranza::How so?  Derrick wasn't hosting parties at the United Center before the season even started... Lebron, Wade and Bosh did... Why can't I bash the team that celebrated their non-existent championship?  I am not calling him "Lechoke", but I totally root against him.  I don't use silly names.  I just bash his character on the court sometimes and gladly bash his fallout in 4th quarters.  I am a spectator of the sport.  I can bash whoever I want.
giangir::You can talk trash about his special etc, but callng Lebron Lechocke when he beat your team in 5 and outplayed the regular season MVP is dumb.
RyanCarranza::The entire NBA has the right to talk trash about Lebron... Including it's fans.  Lebron made a spectacle of himself.  We couldn't avoid it.  He wants the attention... He has it now.
giangir::He didnt finish games in the ECF last year with Lebron guarding him, while Lebron carried the Heat to beat the Bulls in 5.  Unless you are a Mavs fan you should not talk trash about lebron.
Duchaffrey::Over the past week I tried to find out if Leuer was injured because he wasn't playing.  I watched most of the first half last night and no Leuer.  I look in the box score for last night and there he is with 19 points.  WTF is Skiles doing with him?  What, sit him on the bench to learn the game?  I don't get it.
chadhenne07::giangr........i find it funny rose averages 9 assist a game.....almost averages a double-double....and u wait for the one game he gets 3 assist like lebron actually averages 9 a game lol.......34 points ...heat is over rated and go down tomorrow, last year will not be a factor at all ...it is swept under the rug and the bulls are better this year than last ....best record in the nba with injuries to all key players on the bulls roster and still win games.....
adkhanz::he's selfish cuz he desnn't pass the ball when he should and does take and make the shot me he should....Wade is the man of the heat , as goes wade, goes Heat....and wtf.....this story has nothing to do with Miami heat nor Lebron....u miami troll back in the bottle u go dumb@ssss
southridge305::funny how u say he is selfish when again he has more triple doubles than players like kobe, melo, durant, rose... means he has been willing to pass the ball, also he avg. 7 ast, for his career. dont be blind to realize that lebron is far from a selfish player and is the best. btw, its funny how fans like u say he is selfish, then turn around in say lebron choke in the finals, because he didnt take any shots in always pass the ball up
Unbiasedfan83::Durant has zero triple doubles. Durant doesnt even have a 10 assist game yet for his career. Lebron is tied for 8th all time with Grant HIll at 29 TD's.
NdonkeykongSuh1::Of course he has more triple doubles than Durant or Rose. He has been in the league for seasons upon seasons longer than either of them. Hey Southridge, does he have more triple doubles than Kyrie Irving or Ricky Rubio lol
southridge305::most teams have been winning with injuries to more than one player
southridge305::lebron avg. 7 assist as a small forward. lebron does just about everything better than rose
NdonkeykongSuh1::Except at sinking game winning shots
nrm123183::He is definitely MUCH better than Rose at being a selfish, overrated diva.
Mania-Mar::exactly
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good game.. Nearly got us Bucks. Leuer is a baller.
Almost Always Ignored::Jon Leuer is a great basketball player.
Gillyballer1980::Good game Bucks. We, ( I am a fan),  missed Bogut though
TeXaSISLAND25::Youre all so concerned about the bulls pla they dont care about bad teams they dont try against them its their night of rest if you guys didnt know that
TeXaSISLAND25::You have bogut
Packers4life2010::What do the Bucks have to do to become a winner man everything they do never works out the only positive we have is Brandon Jennings.
adkhanz::get rid of skiles and ur management.....everyone and thing bucks do is under an authoritarian regime....stephen jackson is one exception, but others are all on electric choke dog collars.....start over, keeping bogut, and get some dunkers, some exciting play makers, add a little spice, if anything will be fun to watch....look no further than the Wolves.
FranklinStrut::Bulls Rule. Everyone complains about Rose's stats but only one matters. W. Bring on LeChoke.
philly7ko::Rip will be all over Wade once again
philly7ko::Miller's a washed up don't even put him in the same sentence.  injury bug has hit the Bulls and theyre still winning 3-0 without the mvp.  Bring on the Heat, the Bulls just gotten that much better...yeah adding Battier you think will help think not, good defender but only avg 4 pts a game wont be helping much.  Tomorrow the Bulls are gonna give the Heat a real game despite all injuries, last years is old news its a brand new season
southridge305::wow, for the bulls to be so deep they cry alot about having players out. they talk all the crap along with other fans last year that heat didnt hav a team. for the most part thats how it was since miller and haslem was hurt all year and still recovering in the playoffs, but they did enough with that to fall short 2 games in the finals. its ok for bulls to cry about not having deng and rip, but the heat cant say anything when they have injured players. if u guys depend on rip to get u past heat, i am positive the bulls will be home watching heat again. he cant and want stay healthy all year or come playoffs. its the nature of this season. you still boozer who at one point score close to 20 points agame and can still do it, but isnt. other players score more when wade and miller was out. bosh is going to wipe the floor with boozer sunday and come playoff time
adkhanz::troll
giangir::Didn't Lechoke shut down Rose, and beat the Bulls in 5.  Unless you are a Mavs fun you shouldn't be talking about Lebron.  Got to love 3 assists by your PG.
gbanks2010::Lebron needed help guarding Rose and late in games Rose blew by lebron and just missed his open shots due to fatigue because he had to do everything.
Jaywashing::Double-teams, injuries, and Keith Bogans shut down Rose. Lebron wasn't the key.   Three assists is bad, but look at the replacements for Lu and Rip: 2-13 and 3-9. Rose can get his guys open shots; he can't put the ball in the hoop for them, as well.
Baron Harkonnen::24 shots and 3 assists .... won't get it done in the playoffs, Rose.  But it's enough for the Bucks.
gbanks2010::In the playoffs his starting SG and SF will be back, and assists depend on the open man hitting their shots. He could have had another six assits but boozer and brewer missed easy shots last night. Do you know anything about basketball?
ramberlynman::so if the point guards shoots more then somehow that is right? Huhhhhhhhhhhh.
Leonard Washington.::If you hadn't noticed before the Bulls 2nd and 3rd best scorers were out of the lineup.
generalNOOB::BULLS WOULD BE 34-8 IN A NORMAL SEASON RIGHT NOW -- LEGENDARY !!!
adkhanz::This y crack kills and education is key... u r one mathematically challenged hood rat...
Nagidar::Says the guy who doesn't spell out "why" "are" and "you"...  :p
Jaydotta5thmajor::bulls would be a superhero league if they all had superpowers
53Kevin::Yeah,if the Bulls win the championship thats going to be every haters excuse bcuz they just don't want to give credit.But if those same haters team win they expect props for their team.
Baron Harkonnen::Bulls would be undefeated if Rose had power to stop time at will, omg!!!
kobeandcubs2012::You must be really bored to have thought of that. Let's see what happens in June. ;)
chicagofan68::not quite. it's not half as long, more like 75%
cheerstothat78::I have been betting on sports since 2007 now. I have tried several handicappers for picks with no luck. In November of last year I started with a handicapper sportsbettingstar.com since I started with them I have won 27 bets to only 1 loss. It is a 2 game chase system but really is the right way to bet on sports to actually win your bets. Thought I would put this out there since alot of people seem to ask about betting. This system is the best I have found yet
VickTheGlitch::Thank you for liking your own post...
ChicagoSportsFan2301::Thanks for liking your own post
ChicagoSportsFan2301::Why didn't Rip start? Just got home, DRUNK, eyes barely work so my only hope of finding out is if someone fills me in. Not about to look it up too much work
southridge305::rip will be out by half time against heat. he is not guarding wade one on one and well u know happens when your defense collaspe on wade, espn top 10 high lights happen.
adkhanz::hey troll wade is 30 and was pretty broken down six games ago....wade will have many more injuries and will limp into the playoffs...after six games off of course he looks fresh, but not after two weeks...wade has a lot of miles as well....hamilton is like 33-34 and does not need to play 30 min as does wade for the heat to win....
ChicagoSportsFan2301::Ok hopefully he is ok for the game on Sunday cause if we have no Rip against the Heat on top of DENG and Tag than it's over
fightinillini32::I imagine that Thibs rested Rip against the weak Bucks to make sure he is 100% for the Heat.
juanrojas96::just a bruised thigh
scalabrine1::In the last 5 years in the last 5 min of games within 5 points with at least 150 shot attempts, guess who has the highest shooting percentage in clutch time....Lebron? Kobe? Drose? Durant?......no it is Carlos Boozer. He has shot 58%. He is a great player and he is shooting 53% this year. If only anybody on this bulls team would get him the ball he would be avg. 20 plus. Put that up next to 8 rebounds a game that he is having and that is one HELL of a year.
53Kevin::Your right Carlos is having his best year as a Bull,but the determing factor is what he does in the playoffs,as you all know,Carlos doesn't particarlly have good playoff games,even in his Jazz days.
kobeandcubs2012::I can't wait til Wrigley opens... oh wait... the 3 girls opened it last night. :) THEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ChicagoSportsFan2301::ok thanks I will check it out. But Boozer should start using his size he's 270 and plays like he's 215
scalabrine1::Bill Wennington tweet today before the game
ChicagoSportsFan2301::you got a source for this? I'm the biggest Bulls fan there is, but I've also played bball competitively for 10+ years  and if  you're 6'9 270 and your go-to move is a fade away mid-range J than you're a fuc**** pu**y
adkhanz::Rose as primary offense option, not getting the ball in the post, and Noah crowding the paint with Noah's defender has something to do with this ...just saying...
fightinillini32::You're right. He definitely needs more touches. Its just his horrendous D that puts him on the bench at the end of games.
Southern Black MegaChurch Preacher aka A PIMP::The antics of D. Rose will cost the Bulls a 1st or 2nd Round exit
adkhanz::Troll
Jaywashing::Yeah, he should keep giving up the ball when his teammates can't find the bottom of the basket rather than, you know, trying to win the game.
53Kevin::The idiot comments such as fightinillini32's just  proves that most fans don't know s--t about basketball!
DCOVEY8434::antics lol........14-24 shooting, man what was he thinking taking all those shots, and making them....No way Chicago can continue to win when D Rose only shoots 58% from the floor....just disgraceful
fightinillini32::I know..what does he think he's doing? Scoring 34 points? What a loser...
fightinillini32::Antics??
Southern Black MegaChurch Preacher aka A PIMP::Because D. Rose is a selfish player.
adkhanz::Troll
53Kevin::$@%!$@.
ramberlynman::Trolll alert.......
Rigo555666::That is the most awesome and racist name ever.
kobeandcubs2012::They have to come to L.A. ;)
fightinillini32::Wow...you are stupid.
Danny0621::How come no other Superstar wants to pair up with D Rose? Could you imagine if Howard said yeah I want to play for the Bulls, but he would rather go to NJ! IS that a knock against Rose and his game?
adkhanz::Addidas and market share said so.
53Kevin::Other superstars are selfish and don't want to defer to Rose.Besides Howard aint into winning,he is into making movies,which is why he really wants to play in L.A.
ramberlynman::Awesome question. One Rose doesn't kiss a$$ or goes out to bring players to his team. I mean he is more like if they come cool but if they don't oh well. This kid is a rare breed real talk. All he cares about is win win win and no matter what he has to do that is his tunnel vision. That being said I have no clue beyond the whole Adidas thing of why Howard does not want to come and get a ring in the Chi. I mean this makes entirely too much sense to me but maybe he sees something different. Quite frankly I think with all that talent Howard is a better batman then robin personally I think he lacks that I want a ring drive to match his athletic abilities. Point blank he lacks a killer tude on the court to me but I could be wrong at making that assumption.
kobeandcubs2012::Because all of you people are so crazy, lol... they probably don't wanna leave the UC and get shot. :( And ummm. I think maybe that guy named Mike kinda talked some people out of coming a long time ago, remember. Teams win championships, not players.. ask The Jerrys ;)
dmy1989::I would rather keep our team intach as well but i disagree with people saying that trading for howard would leave the bulls roster depleted
dmy1989::to get howard, i think the magic would want noah, taj, deng, and the bobcat pick and for us to take back hedo contract which is really not a problem since we could amnesty him at the end of the year but that would leave the bulls with rose, hamilton, hedo, boozer, howard, and our bench still intact except gibson
fightinillini32::Im not a big fan of it. Why screw with a 17-4 record?
dmy1989::howard got to the finals with hedo, j rich, rashad lewis and rafer alston as his pg (nelson was out cause of injury), Im pretty sure, rose, hamilton, deng, hedo, and dwight or rose, hamilton, hedo, taj, and dwight (depended on who would get traded for howard) could get back to the finals
fightinillini32::Don't think Taj would stay if we got Dwight.
fightinillini32::To get Howard, Bulls would probably have to trade Noah, Boozer, Taj, a few picks. And receive Dwight and Hedo. Pretty much depletes big man depth not to mention the big contract Dwight gets. Idk, is it worth it?
fightinillini32::Gonna be a rowdy series. Winner of the ECF wins it all in my opinion.
dmy1989::I am talking about superstar player, if the bulls only had one very good player, they wouldnt be 17-4
fightinillini32::I thought you were talking about superstar players. So are you telling me the Bulls have only one very good player?
dmy1989::yea im a die hard bulls fan but im also a realist, I know miami wont be a cake walk but I think hamilton will make a difference, I also think rose is going to be extra motivated to play the heat in the playoff and will have a better ideal of the defensive schemes the heat are going to throw at him this year. And I dont think rose is going to settle for contested jumpshot with lebron guarding him with the game on the line this year in the playoff. Then dont forget bosh had a great series against us last year, I dont expect that to happen again either but I expect a 7 game series this year and the winner to come down to whoever wants it more
Danny0621::Mavs had a BUCH of Very Good players.  Terry near 6th man of the year. J Kidd do not cut him short on his Leadership to that team. Chandler was the Defensive Anchor. Marion Very Good all around player.  I think the last team that won with just one player was the Rockets when the Dream won it those 2 years Jordan was out.
fightinillini32::The Mavs just won with Dirk has their one guy that carried them. They were a very well put together team. Thats what the Bulls have to do. I think Rose is better than Dirk so I think he can do it. I don't know when he will but I think he will get one ring. Its gonna SO hard with Heat though.
Danny0621::Yeah look at the Knicks what happens when you trade for a star what happens. I know Rose wants to just do it himself and tell everyone to F off but at some point it has to put a strain on him if he keeps trying and comes up short. It's a fact you need more than one guy what was the last team that won it with just one Superstar/Very Good player?
dmy1989::i dont really think rose wants to play with another superstar, dont think he would object to it or have a problem with it but i think he would much rather do it by himself (not literally by himself but him being the go to guy and the face of the team)
fightinillini32::By "do it" I mean win a championship
fightinillini32::I would rather him do it himself like you said. It would be like a F U to all the other guys teaming up together.
surfzone365::Right now D12 is the leader of that Magic team, and we see they still suck.  The sooner he realizes he needs another star to team up with, the better.
Danny0621::Only Reason he wants to go to NJ is D Williams. Rose is better than Williams so why not go to Chicago. I think it is not Rose I really think it has more to do with NO ONE will Ever match what Jordan did so why even try. Sad to say but if Rose was not from Chicago I could see him being like all these other players and wanting out and going to a team in NY, LA or Miami.
surfzone365::You never know.  Things are bad down there in Orlando, except for the weather.  I don't believe Howard is certain what he wants.  He is capable of doing anything.  New Jersey is a dump (an East Coast version of Detroit) and I don't know why he wants to go there.  The Nets don't have a winning culture, and most people there are Knicks or Sixers fans.
fightinillini32::I think they know that this is Rose's team and they don't wanna mess with that. Plus, I don't think D Rose really cares to join with someone.
Bulls96Teambestever::noah and boozer need to step up
klevine217::Boozer had 20 pts 13 rebs, and Noah had 15 and 16 so they definitely stepped up this game
surfzone365::I call Boozer "light switch"  when he's on, he's on.  When he's off, he's shut down
fightinillini32::Just can't stand it when guys go to town on Booze's D. I think Thibs needs to realize that when Boozer is off, he needs to put in Taj. But when Boozer is on, he is dangerous.
surfzone365::Yeah, we can't dog Booz too much as of late.  He's picked it up, but I still see more potential in him.  We need him to bring it every game.
fightinillini32::Good to see Noah not playing like s.hit. If he gets back to playing the way he played 2 years ago, it would make the Bulls even better.
surfzone365::I always thought that little hook shot he perfected in college was sweet.  That's an un-stopable shot.  I've seem him hit it a little more this year.
fightinillini32::Can't wait till they get healthy...or if they all get healthy.
surfzone365::I think I'm excited most about Rip Hamilton, when he;s healthy and playing.  What he brings to the team is very evident, and he can pretty much do it all when necessary.  Noah and Boozer are our real question marks.  Nice to see them pick it up as of late.  I'm still holding out some hope for Booz.  I like him as a person, and want nothing more for him to be abeast out there for us.
fightinillini32::Yeah I love when he does that. I just want Noah to get back to averaging double-doubles and wreaking havoc on the offensive boards.
Blazelover13::You all should see some of the bad-mouthing the Heat fans are giving  you Bulls fans...wow, this is gonna be GOOD! Personally, I'm rooting for the Bulls; I HATE the Heat.
southridge305::wow, so where is the thug on this heat team.lol. u fans really make your self look immature and ignorant to the comments u make. u got heat players back in the day like p.j brown and Zo throwing blows and slamming peopleduring games, yet u call this generation of heat team thugs. i doubt you even really know what the word mean or what society claims for it to mean. its pathetic and so are the fans that continue to bash miami heat. i love the heat team of the 90's, but to say they are men and the teams now aren't is foolish. are they men because they willing to brawl every game
adkhanz::troll
surfzone365::I actually liked the old Heat in the late 90s (except when playing the Bulls) when they had men playing, not these little thug boyz. Zo, Hardaway, Mashburn...
surfzone365::Nothing new.  The Heat are trying to get what we got in 1992, a second title.  A severe inferiority complex Heat fans suffer from.
fightinillini32::I think everybody except the people of Miami and the bandwagoners are rooting for the Bulls.
adkhanz::not even ppl of miami like the Heat, case in point, mostly empty arena...and not to mention some Miami population didn't even know they even have a basketball team....  Thoughts?
53Kevin::Only jealous Rose haters would pick the Heat over Bulls.This kid is quiet and humble,causes no problems in the locker room,even Doc Rivers said that at the All-Star game last year that the player he like and the players liked the most in the locker room was DROSE.But yet,there are still haters out their that hate on him without good reason.Just bcuz he gets the attention he deserves?Haters of Rose on here,GROW UP!
fightinillini32::YES it would. Honestly though, I think the winner of the East wins it all. So I'm narrowing it down to the Bulls or Heat winning it all. Sixers are tough dude. I haven't seen them play too much but I think they need that one guy who can be the guy and lead them cuz I dont see a clear leader. But they are really good.
surfzone365::I don't think anyone really likes the Heat, especially in the EC.
Blazelover13::Good to know. Anything to keep the Heat from winning. I'm a Sixers fan, but...if it came down to Chicago vs. Miami, I'd take Chicago any day of the week. If my Sixers don't make it, I hope for a Chicago vs. Oklahoma City finals. That would be sweet~
fightinillini32::The Heat were nuts tonight ,there was like 10 dunks. I cannot wait for this game Sunday. Kinda pissed I gotta work during the second half.
Why White Folks NightClubs Always Play Usher Songs::Bucks are trash, Thibodeau has to be worried about this performance. Trust me, the Bucks are the 2nd worst team in the league. Jennings is a fraud.
southridge305::what team is 100 percent..u hear that.. sound like excuse before the  game starts. itsjust a reg season game. if bulls win you would be here talking lots of smack, but if they dont, u fall back on your injuries.lol
adkhanz::Miami troll the heat has everyone of their players in their lineup, including wade......our second best player has a torn ligament....take wade out and we take deng out....we will still beat u...dumb@ssss
juanrojas96::thibs isnt gonna be worried, the bulls are without luol deng theyre 2nd best player behind d-rose. and gibson is not even 100% and still played great. and no rip hamilton. he wont be worried about a shaky win with all the injuries going on right now
53Kevin::Rose not even 100%.
fightinillini32::They're not that bad. There are some really BAD teams.
Chicagocold312::After the Bulls play Miami it's gonna be a total crapstorm on the message boards.
surfzone365::Yeah, no matter the outcome, it's a "loss" on the boards.  If we win, we're just "regular-season pretenders".  If we lose, well, you can imagine the comments then....
Chicagocold312::yessir lets go Bulls it's Miami eve...
Why White Folks NightClubs Always Play Usher Songs::Great Bulls D giving up 100 to that high powered Bucks offensive attack lol
surfzone365::Milwaukee is one of those sleeper teams.  Any team coached by Skiles is respectable. They play hard.
Chicagocold312::it be's like that sometimes. that same squad beat MIA at MIAMI so they must not be too sorry.
superpieman802::a win is a win neeggah
dale555000::NBA= NoboBy cAres.
53Kevin::If nobody cares, then why are you posting on here? moran!
juanrojas96::noboby?
fightinillini32::You suck at acronyms.
surfzone365::Brilliant...
superpieman802::another big name point gaurd chewed up and spit out by rose.  the list keeps growing and growing.
surfzone365::A team that is going down fast?  Orlando.  Probably the worst 2 nights of their franchise just happened, other than when Shaq left.
rr21793::tyson chandler is a big bob dylan fan and gave a great post-game speech about how the knicks are on the verge of greatness and that the times are a'changin'. he then kinda sang the song, but it wasn't that good. fields actually put his hands to his ears and sources say iman shumpert told him to shut the f*ck up
Bulls96Teambestever::boston coming back at all
ttecza::Boston beat indiana. 94-87
Madhouse_United::Well, see you all on the 1st troll fest of the year! Go Bulls!
ToplessDenimDan::Eh, doubt it. Used to be a heat fan before I realized that the Heat are a worthless franchise that have wade and are a long way from where I live.
surfzone365::I'm sure there are a few classy Heat fans out there.  You know, the Heats fans prior to 7/8/2010
---Heatster.---::This board is fading faster than the Bulls chances of not getting humiliated on Sunday  Who's with me?  .
Sean88142::Probably b/c of you trolls.
beardownchitown23::You are funny guy. Have a great weekend Heatster!
---Heatster.---::I only post facts...and you too  .
Bulls96Teambestever::i love u heaster have my babies
surfzone365::Good rebound win for the Bulls.  Good game Bucks fans, especially without Bogut.  Go Bulls!
Bulls96Teambestever::bulls without deng and rip
surfzone365::True dat....cant wait til they are back
HeatFan85::I'm looking forward to the game this Sunday. Ronnie and Korver have play better than they did tonight (5-22) for the Bulls to have a chance. If the bulls win, its just temporary satisfaction for the fans until the playoffs- like last year
beardownchitown23::Should be a great game. The real fun will be in the playoffs though.
Bulls96Teambestever::boozer and korver and ronnie all have to play better my brother
HeatFan85::not tonight, overall yea
Bulls96Teambestever::bulls vs heat on sunday. whats the score
KingGeorge53::If Noah stops with that female impersonation act by wearing a bun, the bulls by a dozen.
Sean88142::Bulls 87 Heat 77
ttecza::Can not call it.
beardownchitown23::89-83 DA BULLS
---Heatster.---::Heat by triple digits  .
zags 79::95-90 Bulls
zags 79::NBA fantasy draft: Rose and Howard available in same draft, you obviously take Rose
zags 79::He was, he went to the Finals. Not much better than that other than winning the Finals, was he that dominant then. Meh
zags 79::I used to think so, but then I watch Dwight play and I rethink that when I see Rose play. Two different levels of effort and play completely
caseydiff::If Howard was surrounded by a winning environment mentally, he would play better.  Trade Noah Gibson and draft pick for Dwight
zags 79::I said right now, a redraft of every player in the NBA, Rose goes above howard
caseydiff::Your Chicago bias is leading you to your decision.  I too am a Bulls fan and would take Howard #1 every time
zags 79::100%of GMs take Rose, they like the killer instinct,
juanrojas96::and youre a GM? as if
caseydiff::Its not my logic it is the logic of every NBA GM in the NBA
greg94327::The Bucks are stuck with one of the biggest busts of the decade and missed out on 2 of the best PGs in the NBA because of your logic.
caseydiff::That is why you are a fan and not a GM.
zags 79::No honestly, what Dwight has shown me is no killer instinct and desire to win. he is an offensive liability, does not run the court, cant make free throws, does not work hard. Rose is more valuable
caseydiff::I agree Rose is a better player.  The draft would not know any of this yet.  If they were both rookies Howard would go 1st
caseydiff::100% of GMs take Howard if they are in the same draft.  100%
caseydiff::If this was a real draft
The Bogut 6::Howard is way more valuable, in both real life and fantasy.
greg94327::How so? You can remove D12 from the game just by fouling him.
zags 79::Good joke
greg94327::With the #1 overall pick in the 2005 NBA draft, the Milwaukee Bucks select.......Andrew Bogut.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-M-g5wZ5js4
APimpnamed.Slickback::G'night all!
Madhouse_United::Pce.
ttecza::Have a good one.
caseydiff::1 PG in the past 20 plus years has led their team to a title while being the best player on the team!  1 player.  Isiah Thomas
greg94327::Dwayne Wade .
greg94327::A SG that played point 90% of the time.
Sean88142::I was about to ask you the same thing.
caseydiff::D Wade is a SG.  What is wrong with you
caseydiff::You dont pick a PG over a great big man prospect.  Never has happened never will
caseydiff::If their is a great big man prospect and a great pg prospect, the big man will go #1 every time.
The Bogut 6::1st overall is usually best available.
The Bogut 6::The Bucks NEVER had Dirk by the way.
The Bogut 6::"had" i should say.
WiscKYSportsFan3::Bucks - 91 Heat - 82  FACT
Sean88142::The Bucks have the same number of titles than the Heat do.  FACT  Thoughts? Or if your Heatster, Gibberish?
---Heatster.---::Bucks haven't been relevant since Kareem was fighting Bruce Lee  FACT  Thoughts?  .
Bulls96Teambestever::reg season means nothing . bulls vs heat in ecf
Madhouse_United::Home Court? It can play out to be a factor sometimes.
badger972::Good to see Jon make 19pts.
APimpnamed.Slickback::I would like to see more minutes.
The Bogut 6::Roty
