SRStark20::Yeah. I'm a Cavs fan. I'm just kind of... happy we won this game. I honestly wasn't expecting it at all.
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::Well can't win em all.  OKC still the best in the west though! thunder up!
Slough2012::It seems that everyone has forgotten that only 3 years ago the OKC Thunder were also a struggling 19 win rebuilding team trying to find their style, yet they haven't gotten dogged on for it and they had Durant at the time. The Cavs obviously aren't the best team in the NBA but after comparing them this year to last year they are finally starting to develop a rhythm and have taken in what coach Scott has been preaching. Also forgotten is that the Cavs are only 2 games back from having a playoff spot in the east even without Varejao who is arguably one of the most important players on this team. I was a Cavs fan when LeBron was there and I am still a loyal fan without him. Last year was a big hit to us yes but just like it took the Thunder, it will be at least another year or two until the Cavs are a serious playoff contender. Great win last night Cavs, lets keep it up.
T8ke_A_Picture::With a emerging energiezed Royal Ivey we can limit Cooks playing time, better yet trade him for a veteran pg. I fear our chances with Jackson at the helm.
T8ke_A_Picture::Out of all the losses this one is the worse, Thunder cannot lose to teams you can dominate playing at home. No offense to the Cavs, but this shouldn't happen. Not that the Thunder got out played, the Thunder didn't play and Scott Brooks sat people out too long and I don't think Ibaka  played any of the last 7 minutes of the 4th qtr.
Raiderboy51::Go Cavs, im enjoying these flashes we get to see this year, we have a brighter future ahead if we keep building like we have of late, first time in awhile cleveland bball has something to look forward to
CavsByForce::Yes they got smashed. Make sense? You say just 6 points. What about the 13 points the underdog Cavs were getting? Sounds like they were not even suppose to be close to these guys. Give credit where its due and take your head out of your, er the sand...  GO CAVS!
southridge305::okc is the top dog in the west and one of the three in the nba. really any other team winning will be even more than a shocker than the one last year. mavs was a good team that was very deep, had size, had shooters and had a closer. outside of heat, bulls, okc.. no other team is really good and have all. spurs will be the only i maybe add to the list, but they cant and want stay healthy, but they have the best coach in the league
southridge305::well the fact is, okc got beat, so leave it alone... u talk about how much the east suck, yet u lose to the worst teams out east. yes heat have lost to the clippers, denver, lakers  and warriors, but three of those teams are play off teams
1mproperDancing::The Warriors aren't a playoff team.
Pinkycuh::Oh, I'm sorry, thought we would win every game. That's what you alll lose sight of. We won way more than we lost, we still winning, like Charlie sheen said. Lakers lost to wizards also, must mean wizards are good and lakers suck
Pinkycuh::I dont do points man, points are what puss ies want even they get beat, I am straight up. U either win or you don't. It's not grown men playing middle schoolers, they are all men. Points are 4 chumps. Aka, I want to win even though I know deep down I didn't.
TheTristanShow::I'm afraid for the Thunder. I've watched them play a couple times and if the other team has a solid perimeter defender at the 3, Durant is very hesitant... Guess What? Lebron is the best 3 in the game so Durant better get over it if they want to beat the Heat.
Pinkycuh::This just in: cavs, less than half as many wins as the thunder, but almost 4 times as many losses. Hypothesis, cleveland better. What world does that math make sense in?? Please tell me, and try to make sense.
southridge305::thats all it is on here is trash talk, because at the end of the day, im living for me and my family, while fighting for my country at the same time. last year i miss the whole season from beingdeployed to afghanastain so this year i go all out
1mproperDancing::If they don't beat the Bobcats, you're in real trouble.  I live in Charlotte and have seen the Bobcats play three times in person this year.  They are probably the most awful, unentertaining team I've ever seen live.  The only solace is that I got to watch the Cavs win here and got to see Blake Griffin do some truly awful things to the Bobcats.
Pinkycuh::Strate up, at end of the day, I now my taem could get beat easily, but what you said bout this country is real, it's why I can come on here and talk. Much love, good game cavs, I salute you, let's hope thunder can beat bobcats, or my pref, pussycats, lol
Pinkycuh::I give u much respect for that man
1mproperDancing::I think you're mistaking sarcastic trash talk for actual opinions.
Pinkycuh::I trash talk as well, it just makes sense
Lennylen2012::WTH happen here?
southridge305::its funny how okc get smash at home by cavs, yet its not even top news on espn, but the talk about every other game though. this is one of the top dogs in nba and best out west. if this was a heat or bulls game, but for sure heat game it would be all over the place with 10000 messages, yet this board doesnt even have 3000 messages. some say refs gave cavs that game, but its all talk and okc just got out played by lesser opponent.  if stern is doing anything he is protecting the young breast fed thunder team.
southridge305::its call figure of speech in u cant always just look at the score so before u speak, take the balls thats in your mouth out. cavs out rebound okc by double digits, they beat you on your own court. they got over 10 more offensive rebounds than okc, which led to more second chance points and more shots which u can easily see in the box score. they played good defense and kept durant and westbrook from scoring 30 points.
Carslon12::OKC got beat by Scott, Scott used a 3 guard front down the stretch and OKC was helpless. OKC should've known not to let the Cavs stay close, Cavs are a 4th Q team with Kyrie (as long as they are within striking distance). The kid will beat you in so many ways, not just taking it to the hoop himself.
southridge305::only jersey i own is tim hardaway, and alonzo mourning jersey.. well the one i have with my name on it too
southridge305::dude i was 11 years old when i like the bulls, what 11 year old kid wasnt amazed by the bulls teams back then so u can specualte all u want, but truth is i never like the lakers and never will, but admitted when i was able to concept the game of basket ball at about the age of 9, i was a bulls fan, but like the heat when i got a lil older..13 to be exact
Pinkycuh::I like your style, go with the trend, ironically I'm a hurricane fan, my fav team, 30 years.
nba is the worst::You can't win titles in the east playoffs.
1mproperDancing::Haha what a surprise that a Heat "fan" used to root for the Bulls when they were winning titles too.  I bet this dude was wearing Lakers jerseys two years ago.
southridge305::actually im a florida gator fan, and dolphin fan, but i root for saints at times, because my wife from new orleans. im far from a new heat fan.i was born and raised in miami, fl.. went to school there all my life, was there before and after hurricane andrew hit and started to truly root for the heat in 96, before that i was a bull fan, because pippen is my second best player and ZO is my first. no need to wait for the 25th of march, because that game want say much....but i will wait for playoffs and hope okc and heat meet. i bet durant and thunder rather have a chance to win a ring, then lose in the west finals
CavsByForce::What an idiot. Later people. This guy is a real $@%! and a waste of air.  Go Cavs!
1mproperDancing::Yeah but most great players actually show up in the Finals.  They don't disappear entirely and look like they don't give a crap.
southridge305::another hater in affect, so when does it matter? does it not matter in the reg season when u trying to get your team the best seed for home court, does it not matter and the 1strd, semi and ecf when he close out bulls and boston. if he doesnt play great then, he has no chance to play great in finals. not all great players win every finals they play in and thats all that matter. if lebron avg triple double in finals, but heat lose, then none of that matter and i bet my life that lebron would rather win the finals over padding his stats.
Pinkycuh::Heat fan, bet you like Alabama in football and giants also. Whatever, if you are a (newly) heat fan, stay on their site until we play. Yeah more success, heat was the 1st place loser. Great to kNow
1mproperDancing::I don't think it's a huge stretch.  Irving is already putting up some ridiculous stats and he hasn't even turned twenty yet.  He's shooting close to fifty percent on the season.  He's money from the three point line.  He finishes great around the rim.  He shoots a high free throw percentage.  And, perhaps most importantly, he can take over games down the stretch.  As I said, Westbrook is a fantastic talent, but my main complaint about him is that he sometimes tries to "get his" at the expense of the team.  Irving doesn't seem like the type to do that.
Pinkycuh::You know what dude, I agree, I would take verajo over Perkins too, hurt and all. But Irving over Westbrook, that's a stretch. I wish we would trade Perkins for irving, lol
1mproperDancing::Yeah, LeBron always has off games when it matters.  ;)
southridge305::no need to write your name down... im a heat fan so if u want to come on the heat board, we will welcome you any day, because the fact is heat will finish with a better recored than okc and will have more success than okc in the playoffs this year.  im glad u do realize he can have off games, some fans dont believe super stars can have off games in that they have to hit a shot at the end of the game every time
TheTristanShow::Alonzo Gee destroyed Durant. At least admit that, he was all over him.
1mproperDancing::I'd rather have a healthy Varejao than a healthy Perkins.  It's not a huge gap or anything, but I think Varejao plays harder and gives his team more extra possessions.  I'd also take Irving over Westbrook, and that's not as close.  Westbrook is obviously very talented, but I feel like Irving makes better decisions in-game and doesn't try to force up shots like Westbrook has a tendency to do.  Obviously I'd take Durant and Harden over anyone on the Cavs' roster and it's not particularly close.  They're both amazing players and, unlike Westbrook, aren't prone to making bad decisions that hurt the team down the stretch.  I'd love either guy on my team.  Maybe in a few years when you guys can't afford to extend a contract to Harden you can trade him to us.  :)
Pinkycuh::Yeah, that's it. Bet you would rather have your guys than ours. Harden 6th man, most likely, Ibaka leading shot blocker, Durant, contending leading scorer. What clev got? In running 4 worst season. Plz let's trade teams!!!
Carslon12::in other words, Durant got beat...at least you admit it :)
Pinkycuh::He had 6 points son, lmao, you people crack me up. You want to know y cavs Won? Staight up, because Durant was off late, same thing he hits every gam. Durant has an off night and Irving gets a last second shot against Denver and now you guys are ready, lol, that's funny. I tell you what, all off you write down my name. I will come on cavs chat @ end of the season.
Pinkycuh::Dude if you think a 6 point game is getting smashed, then the only ball you know is having one strapped in your mouth while you were getting smashed from behind. Dude, OKC got beat by Washington, how sad to say, a lesser team than clev. They bounced back just fine. Check you next smashing.
CavsByForce::Yes they got smashed. I agree. Seems some Thunder fans are still hurt over the game though. 6 points. What about the 13 points the underdog Cavs were rated at? Sounds like they were not even suppose to be close to these guys. Giving credit where its due and EARNED!  Go Cavs!
Pinkycuh::Talk all you want, it's just talk. End of day, everyone knows which team you want going into the postseason. Nuff said.
southridge305::i know any team can lose on any given night, but every time the heat lose its this player choke, but when they win its they just a reg season team. okc heat and bulls all have more than one all star on their team and heat has the less depth of both teams, but plays the best defense and offense combine of both teams.
1mproperDancing::The difference is that no one expected the Cavs to make the postseason this year.  They're in year two of a rebuild!  The fact that they're even a fringe playoff team after the season they had last year is remarkable.  And really, it's better long-term for the Cavs to miss out on the playoffs this year and get another high lottery pick.  You might remember...the Thunder did the exact same thing for about four years.  In contrast, everyone expected Oklahoma City to be in the playoffs this year.  It's not like they're shocking anyone by being the best team in the West after literally everyone already projected them to be the best team in the West.
Pinkycuh::I have 0 probes with  the cavs. I'm glad they got a win, they should be too.
OFrog::Stern and minions discuss how blatantly obvious it is becoming they are helping OKC win games. We need to back off against some shmuck Eastern team so they won't lose #1 seed in West. Cavs, that's the ticket, worst team in NBA last season, lets give them a road win against mighty OKC. That will silence skeptics.
1mproperDancing::I'm sure Stern also made sure that none of OKC's bigs could rebound the ball defensively.  He works in mysterious ways.
Pinkycuh::Only thing stern is good @ is watching free bball and talking in circles.
Carslon12::LOL....The Thunder were ROYED with
Anthony3272::Cav's suck I'm sorry LJ was their for seven years and had no help and moved on.  OKC in GREAT Shape!
Calvin37031::Stop your crying !! If the Cavs suck so bad, Why did the cavs beat the OKC thunder ?  the 3rd best team in the League ?  And no OKC Does not Suck !! I don't know where that came from. Cavaliers fans have every right to be happy. their team just  beat a very good team on the road. for the second road win in a row. Over pretty good  teams.the Cavaliers are playing good basketball. Give them credit and move on ! the point is. the Cavaliers just out worked and out hustled OKC! with allot less talent. Hence the 21-8 Offensive rebound Advantage.  Look,I am really get sick and tired of this Cleveland Bashing !! Kyrie Irvining is having a very good rookie season. And people are treating him like he's Kwame Brown. The Cavs are a young solid team that has just started the rebuilding process. Are the Cavaliers perfect  ? No ! But it is very obvious the Cavs are a far cry from the team that lost 26 games in a row last year. Good win cavs ! keep it up!   One last thing.I am so sick and tired of everybody saying the Cavaliers should not make the playoffs. And build the team with more lottery picks. That is the most asinine thing I have ever heard ! Nothing ever good has come to teams that try to build winning franchises that way !! Furthermore, as the man said " You play to Win the Game !!" Not " lose as much as you can to build your team through the draft ! then win the game!  After what they went through last year with losing 26 games in a row. that is enough losing to last a lifetime. Winning is how a small market team becomes a Large market team. By winning !! Can they win the championship ? I won't say no because crazier things have happened. but it's highly unlikely. if teams do everything they can to win. and fall short other players see that. and that team becomes much more appealing !!  Class dismissed !!!
Pinkycuh::Last thing and I'm movin to next game, CLEVELAND!, you are just that, your not CHICAGO!, I know you both start with C's, that's end of the comparison. But how many of you would bet a week's worth of your pay if thunder met cleveland again? Luckily for you they don't. As for your team, hopefully your team's win's catches up with their losses. Seriously, cause you all are a proud bunch, I give you that. Let's go THUNDER.
Brenan81::Why are you so mad and bitter?  its just one loss, OKC will be fine. The Cavs are just better
Pinkycuh::Tell you what dude, if better to you means I give you 15 bucks for every 23 you give me, then yeah, they are better. Check the record.
Carslon12::You are on a "need to know" basis, Cavs won the season series against the Clipps, Dallas, and OKC  :) That is all u need to know...
Carslon12::Here are the west's top 8 seeds...Oklahoma City, San Antonio, LA Clippers, Memphis, LA Lakers, Denver, Dallas, Houston.  Cavs have yet to play: Memphis, San Antonio , and Houston....you do realize that the only seed they've lost to is the Lakers in a tight game in LA, don't you?
Pinkycuh::That's like saying,  you are happy about having 3 dollars dude. It's 3 wins, your friends still have more dollars than you! You get the point...
1mproperDancing::You do realize the Cavs are in year two of a rebuild, right?  I remember when OKC was in year two of a rebuild.  They sucked too.  It took you guys a good five seasons to get where you are now.  Don't get too cocky.
Pinkycuh::Not cocky, just responding to arrogant clev fans, if that's not you. Then I don't mean any o it to you.
Anthony3272::OKC is a great team, its just one lost, No Biggie!
Lennylen2012::pink
1mproperDancing::Should the Cavs and their fans not be excited that they beat the third best team in the league, on the road no less?  That's a really big win for a rebuilding squad.  Almost as big as when they beat the Heat near the end of last season.
Pinkycuh::I could care less about journalists, or Barkley, or magic. Wake up man, they are biased. I will be the 1st to say thunder will get outed 1st round if they don't fix their turnovers. Unlike everyon in the media that thinks because they say it makes it law. Law last year was Miami gonna wax Dallas.. I remember seeing a Dallas champion parade, not a Miami one.
1mproperDancing::It's not just my opinion.  Every professional journalist power rankings I've read has the Thunder at number three.  It's not like that's saying they are some awful team.  Just that, right now, Miami and Chicago look better.  And I agree.  Opinion doesn't mean anything at the end of the season.  But neither does a regular season record.  The Thunder might be tied for first, but they're still going to have to win sixteen games when it counts.  If regular season records meant something, LeBron would have won a title in Cleveland and Derrick Rose would have a Finals MVP trophy in his home.
Pinkycuh::Yeah your opinion means nothing vs a record, it doesn't matter, everyones opinion didnt let miami beat Dallas last year, so. Scroll down and read the thunder are weak comments, never said you said it, but read others comments
1mproperDancing::Who said the Thunder sucked?  I called them the third-best team in the league, and I stand by that comment.  Being tied for first is irrelevant.  The Thunder are a great team, but they just don't have the defense to be considered as good as Chicago or Miami right now.  That's not to say they couldn't beat either team if it came down to it (as we saw with Dallas last year, where you're ranked tends to be irrelevant), but based on what I've seen this season the Thunder are number three right now.
Pinkycuh::1st off, they are tied for 1st, 2nd have no prob with them being happy. It's the thunder is horrible or sucks comments that are going along with it, if thunder suck so bad, y are cavs fans happy bout a win? Over a supposedly sucky team, I just can't handle dumb very well.
Pinkycuh::Thank you, you would think the cavs just won the finals. @ least how they sound, I mean yea, they beat us, it don't change anything. We still 1st in the west and they still not 1st in the east...or 2nd, or 3rd, or 4th....etc.
EricTheYank::How in the blue hell did the Cavs win this game?
roger_z0::Okc is overated!
Pinkycuh::Your right, record is rated over clevelands. Good observation.
C2Poke88::With all due respect to my friend 'nba is the worst', the REAL REASON the Cavs beat OKC is as follows:  Offensive Rebounds:  OKC 8 -- CLE 21 Turnovers:  OKC 17 -- CLE 13  Because of the above stats, CLE had 15 more shots than OKC did.  That's where they won the game.  It had nothing to do with FTs.  You'll have to forgive 'nba is the worst'.  He seems to have a serious FT fetish.
nba is the worst::7 more fta's - it's that simple
C2Poke88::The Cavs just showed why OKC doesn't want any part of Miami in the playoffs.  OKC is not very good in the half-court, isn't a good rebounding team, and isn't a consistently strong defensive team.  If they met in the Finals, Miami would beat OKC in 5 games.
C2Poke88::That happened in the Finals last year.  Can't deny it.  But if you think that will happen again this year, then you are going to be greatly disappointed.  James and Wade are much better this year working off the ball and cutting to the basket without the ball.  And James has added a legit post game.  And there are 3-pt  shooters to kick out to (Miller, Chalmers, Battier) if teams choose to double James in the post.  So teams can't just stop James/Miami by playing zone this year.  Laugh it up now, but James and the Heat will be laughing last.
C2Poke88::That's how it ought to be since Rose (whose is a little guy) is the only guy on their team that can get his own shot, and CHI has no one on their roster that can guard either Wade, James or Bosh.  It's elementary really.
nba is the worst::Key stats in the Bulls losing in 5 games last year:  Heatles +16 fts "winning" by 8 game 4 IN Chicago Heatles +12 fts "winning" by 3 game 5 in Miami
C2Poke88::The Bulls don't have enough to beat Miami in a 7-game series.  Miami will keep Rose from getting to the rim as much as he likes, and Rose's lack of vision and mediocre perimeter shooting will again be a major reason why Miami beats the Bulls in 5 games.  CHI had huge post/pg/bench/rebounding advantages last year and lost in 5 games last year despite having HCA.  This year those advantages are either gone or significantly minimized.  Barring a trade for D-12, CHI just doesn't have enough to beat MIA in a playoff series.
nba is the worst::Heatles didn't win a playoff series last year without at least 2 games where they were given double-digit ft margins.  Will that ridiculous ref help continue again in this year's east playoffs?  Because if it doesn't, the Bulls will be the team in the Finals.
Pinkycuh::You realize the heat are very beatable right? How many losses they have again to prove my point?
Pinkycuh::Yea man, no defense, 3 blocks in 1 possession @ end of 1st half. Btw, go ahead and forget that one of our best defensive players has been out awhile, and more than likely will be back by postseason. Not worried about it. Here's a hint, he can shoot as well.
Pinkycuh::Don't know if you know this, collison prob draws more charges than anyone off the bench in the league, and what crystal ball has you talk in like Miami is already in the finals? You way ahead a yourself sir, thunder may not make it. Let's keep it in the present. We played cleveland, not Miami. That's in 3 weeks.
C2Poke88::Dude, OKC's defense average.  Ibaka is a great shot blocker which helps mask how weak OKC's perimeter defense is, but you can't bank on that in the playoffs.  The poor defense of Durant and Harden will get exposed in the playoffs and Ibaka will end up in foul trouble more often than not.  Another problem with OKC is that their big men are all offensive liabilities.  So with James defending KD and Wade defending Harden, OKC will struggle to score in the half-court.  That won't be a problem for Miami since KD can't defend Lebron and Harden can't defend Wade.
nba is the worst::You seem to be forgetting the X-factor.  Which player's stats ALL went down in the Finals last year compared to his reg season avgs, with his scoring declining -8.9 ppg, the Alltime Finals record, despite playing 5 more minutes per game?
southridge305::as usual fans keep going back tolast year, but we all know if okc and heatmeet, lebron want have another finals let down ad heat will suffocate okc throughout the series. kd may come to play, but westbrook will be a let down and bosh will out perform ibaka and your bigs will be in foul trouble. the team with the best defense will win the finals between those two teams
brutang77::it's nice to have Irving who is so clutch in the last minutes.
vandeman34::Get back with us if/when Durant or Westbrook leads the OKC to the Finals.
C2Poke88::That might happen this year.  One thing is for sure though.  OKC will definitely be in the playoffs.  Can't say the same about the Cavs.
1mproperDancing::How is the team's record any indication of his clutch ability?  There are four other people on the court with him at a time.  He can't single-handedly win every game.  No player in the NBA can.  All I know is that this is the fifth game this season where Irving took over at the end of the fourth quarter and won the game for his team.    The Cavs are in year two of their rebuild, and Irving was their first first-round pick since LeBron left.  Very few teams rebuild overnight.  Surround Irving with some more talented players and this Cavs team is going to be scary.  Also, I haven't seen Durant, who I'm sure OKC fans would consider to be pretty clutch, lead his team to the Finals yet.  So maybe you should get back with me then.
C2Poke88::I'm a Heat fan, but KD has lead OKC to game 7 of the Western Conference Finals.  KD has made clutch shots in the playoffs when the pressure is much greater.  There are no expectations for Irving right now.  He made a couple of layups down the stretch.  That's bad defense, not clutch shooting.
C2Poke88::He leads a team that is 15-23 so he can't be too clutch.  It's not like he's a soon-to-be 3-time MVP or anything.  Get back with us if/when he leads the Cavs to the Finals.
nba is the worst::So what happened Thunder fans?  No +20 ft margin?  I guess the script got thrown out for once...
Pinkycuh::Exactly, once. Well said.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Cleveland has a easy schedule the rest of the year, and the Knicks have a really hard schedule. I think the Cav's can make a run into the playoffs.
nba is the worst::You may be right, but it would be smarter to get into the lottery again
williamebonybrick::Ominous sign of things to come OKC, sorry but the curse of Clay Bennett looms large. You will never win an NBA championship with this franchise :)
DavidD1983::You sound like Charles Barkley. I hate people that have to be negative all the time. The team is still young and obviously has a lot of things that need to be worked on. I have faith that it will happen, and to come on here and act like Barkley is uncalled for. BTW, San Antonio lost at home to Blake &amp; CP3.
Pinkycuh::Oh, lol, carry on then.
DavidD1983::I was responding to the original poster.
Pinkycuh::Point is cleveland won a reg season game and act like we suck because they won, it's funny to read this when the rest of the country had their backs when they were crying in the streets when lamebron left. That's all
Pinkycuh::Thunder lost a game, oh NO!, their season is over!!, you people need a dose of reality, here's some for you, if they lose the next 2 games they will still be 1st in the west. And all these teams you all think will be their demise, have twice as many losses, most of them. Good one folks, almost had us scared.
1mproperDancing::At the end of the day, though, regular season records are irrelevant.  If they meant something, Chicago would have been the champs last year, or Miami would have won the Finals against a Mavericks team that was clearly not as good during the regular season.  OKC, just like every other team, is going go have to win sixteen games in the postseason if they want to be champs.
vandeman34::Look at the schedule for Cavs - are u kidding me? Knicks with that Melo cancer sucks, Anderson will be back soon... Come on (not a fan, but Knicks with Di Antoni and MeLOL just wasting such talent in NY)
tennesseejam80::Did Lebron come back to Cleveland over night?  I didnt see the game, but i'm looking at the box scores and wondering how did the Thunder lose this game.. Jamison shot horribly... Irving shot terrible, but still had a great game... Durant and Westbrook both had good games...
1mproperDancing::It was all the Cavs' offensive rebounds getting them second chances.  They also hit big shots when it mattered.
Pinkycuh::It happens, check their losses vs your team whomever that may be, prob Chicago hung?
Alejandra7788::They lost at home?? Damn...hi serge ibaka ;)
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out wtf went wrong.  :-)
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::Cavs should join the West obviously..
WashFlokie::well played cavs
_the REAL Gloria West::yey go cavs
zachrlee::Byron Scott did a fantastic job for this game.
RayKrebbs1978::Great job Cavs.  Two big road wins this week.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_36
Lebrons giant forehead::How do you lose to Cleveland?
BarkBarkForPig::Irving IS rookie of the year
Its all my fault::a win against DEN and OKC... not a bad road trip.. but seriously guys... instead of calling these teams garbage... just accept the fact that the cavs are just a young solid team that can be inconsistent
hookem88248225::Agreed. Cavs aren't solid but considering they only had 19 wins last year and have already tallied 15 this year is an undeniable improvement. Irving is top candidate for rookie of year and tristan Thompson will develop into a a solid starter. Not a cavs fan or anything nbut props to jamison for sticking with them and still bringing his game at 35 years old.
adeptimg::By not being able to play half court.
Springfresh3::We are hurting without Thabo's presence.
Its all my fault::a win against DEN and OKC... not a bad road trip.. but seriously guys... instead of calling these teams garbage... just accept the fact that the cavs are just a young solid team that can be inconsistent
roger_z0::Okc is overated!
Springfresh3::Yeah ok.   31- 9
Springfresh3::Kyrie is truth.
adeptimg::OK Spring. Welcome to the boards.
Springfresh3::y'all played well, gotta give when credit due.
adeptimg::31-8 when the nite started. Go Cavs!
adeptimg::So is their city and state. I know. I use to live there.
sffinsfan::24 THREES...REALLY..!!..then missing all 6 in the 4th Quarter...live by it Die BY it!!!
Dr Killapatient::We can all agree that Young Money Destroyed Hip hop...... that and Gucci Mane...
Springfresh3::Thats because you listening to the radio.  You gotta dig.. D.I.T.C crew. Big L and B.I.G Rip
Anti-Stratfordian::Hip Hop can never be destroyed.
nba is the worst::HAHAHAHA!!!  (West champ wins the title as usual)
doggbrown1::rap is crap, sir
adeptimg::That's why they play the games. Nice talking 2 U.
Anti-Stratfordian::Every generation there is some act that is "destroying" Hip Hop.  People have been saying that for over 20 years now.  It's not happening...  The Finals is only going 4 games.  The West can't hang with Miami in 2012.
adeptimg::Perhaps, But I hope your team losses game 7 of the finals. Just like last year.
adeptimg::I keep tuning in waiting for something new to save it. But my clothes are going out of style. Still waiting...
DawgGawd206::Hopefully the Thunder can rebound from this game. Go Thunder!  P.S - R.I.P Biggie. Rap will never be the same.
adeptimg::Absolutely! Lil' Wayne and Drake have destroyed the genre. Makes me wanna PUKE!
hookem88248225::Wayne.has what to dl with this game? Lol some of his musics catchy rythmically but his lyrics sometimes make me wonder if he's in early stages of becoming scenile.
adeptimg::Good conversation Anti. Hip-Hop U don't stop.
Anti-Stratfordian::You need to listen to more hip hop from the late 80s and 90s.  That's boring and redundant.  Outside of the classics of the era there was just a lot of trash.  Beats today are much more complicated, interesting, creative and thoughtful today than what they were then.  More layered... more imaginative... we've been freed from the shackles of sampling.
adeptimg::Obviously you're wrong. Today's beats are boring and redundant. The beauty of Hip-Hop was it made the old new again. Now that's all gone.
adeptimg::Ditto on Wayne. He's terrible.
Anti-Stratfordian::people sampled back then because they couldn't play an instrument.  producers have musically evolved.  they no longer have to rely on finding something some other musician made... they can make their own and are only limited by their own creativity and skill.  some beats today are better than those of the past, obviously.
adeptimg::But his style is all phoney. What happened to the beat? What happened to the sampling? Hip-Hop ain't dead yet, but it's on life support.
webessywebessywewewe::and hes got a good voice too lil wayne sounds like a dieing kangoroo
webessywebessywewewe::drake is better than wayne at least he makes sense when he raps
webessywebessywewewe::its a party over hurrrr
J-SMOOVE2030::the heat are about to take over the nba starting this year.  dwight to thunder stops that.
J-SMOOVE2030::dwight howard to thunder?
chefcoolness11::only superstar i saw this game was irving.
sugarglyder::Oklahoma City is a really great sports town!  Basketball and Rodeo!  Yeee-hawww
webessywebessywewewe::yeah the only superstar in clevland sports haha
Kobes knee killed Rubios career::hahahahahaahhahahaha
RIPNBA2011::Nice win Cavs
Ultras South::Good stuff from the Cavs. Didn't expect them to win this one.
webessywebessywewewe::kd has been clutch all year he leads the league in 4th quarter points so what hes off a few games hell come back all superstars do watch him score 40 tomorrow.. oh wait theyre playing the bobcats so he better score 40
Anti-Stratfordian::82-85 OKC up with 3 minutes to go... then the wheels fall off... KD and Westbrook can't hit a shot.  This is the 2nd game in the last four where KD was terrible in the clutch and we'll never hear about it.  Yet people will criticize LeBron for days for making a good pass to a wide open Udonis Haslem even after being absolutely incredible down the stretch.  LBJ MV3.
RIPNBA2011::Better to try to win and miss then pass it to a guy who isnt paid to win the big games and he misses
Pinkycuh::The reason you won't here about it is because KD comes through more than he doesn't, whereas le-pass-choke-talk-bron James comes through LESS than he does. There's your answer. Not rocket science.
insiderfreak420::yep cuz LBJ SUCKS!!!!
Antsea91::Stupid heat "fan" go back to your heat index
BIGGDOGG2425::I could not had said that any better!!!!  Great job!!!!
rockndoc2::Browns should take the Cant Miss player at 4.  that is clairborne.  Pay for Flynn.  WR @ 22.  RB @ 37
Keithrose422713::we already have a good enough defense, whats the point of having a good defense if you cant score over 10 points a game?
convolutedthought::go for manning
cland4ever::i blame matt barkley because he had to stay in college if he didnt then there wouldnt be any talk of needing to trade up because there would be 3 good qbs
rockndoc2::I love the idea of putting Clairborne with Haden.  Haden gets better by covering the #2 WR.  Its huge for  the D.
mcgrundie::Browns should def go for defense. Should be doing that all along.
cland4ever::i guess that probably be the best thing but im preparing for a horrible season because we might have the toughest schedule this year
rockndoc2::Yippeeeeeeeeee!  Cavs win, Browns pass on selling the farm for a maybe.
Pinkycuh::We will all wake up 2mrrow, then reality sets in, thunder 1st seed, cavs NO seed. Good game though.
mcgrundie::Wow thunder fans are really upset with this loss. Let's talk reality bud. Cavs beat your thunder. And when you wake up tomorrow, the cavs will still have beaten the thunder. how's that for reality...
Pinkycuh::Tell you what, you cheer 4 my team in postseason and I will cheer 4 yours..wait, that won't be possible...cause more than likely, your team won't be there. Cavs on a 2 game win streak! Get excited, the biggest this year, ironically, that's thunder's longest losing streak this year, like once. Be proud cleveland, I would be too if I knew this was the highlight of our season..
adeptimg::No. Smart really. I use to live in Oklahoma. Now I live in Texas.
AndrewOKC::shows how ignorant you are
adeptimg::Beats living in the state with no trees. And Oklahoma... Like that doesn't suck
Antsea91::yeah but when cavs fan's wake up they will still be in Cleveland. Damn, that sucks.
Giggity.iggity::Lol.. as if Cavs fans are expecting the playoffs.  Way to take it like a man, though.
Pinkycuh::I know, just keeping it back to reality
Giggity.iggity::Browns are still gonna get Trent Richardson.  Give me a 3 down back, a solid O-Line, and a serviceable QB over RG3 any day.  RG3 is gonna get stomped behind that line in Washington, BTW.. and probably would have in Cleveland as well.
cland4ever::the texans faced the bengals who started a rookie qb as well and eli and alex smith both top 4 picks thus showing they had the talent to be a great qb the coachs just didnt take advantage of it(in alex smiths case) and for eli manning hes always been good just people said he threw to many ints. every superbowl team recently have been a pass first team with only decent rbs
cland4ever::adrian peterson was 7th overall  and the giants have a great qb and so do the texans and ravens have a decent to good qb and the 49ers have a former number 1 as a qb
Giggity.iggity::2 years ago, everyone was calling Eli terrible.  2 years ago, Alex Smith was considered one of the biggest busts of all time.  Joe Flacco is a decent QB with a great running game and defense.  The Texans won a playoff game convincingly with a rookie QB behind solid defense and a great running game.  The Patriots were lucky to beat the Ravens.  Teams are getting so caught up with defending the pass that they're forgetting to stop the run.  Running the ball and stopping the run is a great formula for winning.
cland4ever::you dont take a rb that high in the draft all superbowl teams just have decent rbs they pick up later inr ounds
Giggity.iggity::Adrian Peterson wasn't even a 3 down back when he was drafted.  Trent Richardson is and he NEVER FUMBLES.  Please.. give me a good defense, a running game, and a QB who doesn't screw up too much ala the Giants, 49ers, Ravens, and Texans.
cland4ever::i would trade a cavs win for the number 2 pick fuck you REDSKINS
cland4ever::i didnt even think you were able to go trade picks passed one year but still ive never wanted aplayer more in the draft
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::NFL doesn't have a Stepien Rule like the NBA does.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::The Skins paid WAY too much for him. First-rounders in 2013-14 and the second round in 2013?
