jason k::Kentavious Caldwell Pope.  DNP - coaches decision.  Meanwhile the guy the Pistons should have drafted, Michael Carter-Williams is flirting with triple doubles in half his games.  Another botched pick by Joe Dumars, the most overrated front office executive in all of professional sports.
kgdkdsk jgrjfgjd;fl::Smith & Jennings are now a combined -23 points while on the court. Fabulous additions to the team. as soon as I heard they were coming to the team I knew they were the wrong adds. Their stats with their previous teams speak for themselves. Also, not right fit with two players I think can be all-stars every year in Monroe & Drummond.
kgdkdsk jgrjfgjd;fl::I guess Cheeks must of saw my post. Substitutions.
Cyril::The good thing about having Brandon Jennings on the Pistons is that Josh Smith can't get any shot attempts anymore.  Seriously, he has 24 attempts right now and the rest of the team is standing around trying to decide if they are going to put his name in the Secret Santa drawing or not.  Looks like Rodney Stuckey is the only one who voted "yes".
Aaron G::Hey Goofball Jennings is shooting 50% and has only taken 3 3-point shots stop hating. The real Question is where is this interior defense that was suppose to be so good?
HughJohnson::Go Blazers!!! Beat Detroit, and lets give Mo a big ovation tonight, I always liked him, and I am glad to see the Blazers using Mo's image in some of those promo ads they're running.
Amir::Mo from the bench makes difference in comparison with last season, Lopez for Hickson also makes difference in other direction....
Corey::Detroit is not playing a lick of Defense this entire year! Teams are lighting them UP night in and night out! Their perimeter Defense is horrendous!
Murf::Will you people Chill? Huh? This season is 6 games old.....6. Chemistry takes time YO.....Yeah, there's some troubling trends here, but NOT a season make.....The Pistons will be fine...About .500 at 41 games, and 6 to 10 over at season's end.....They....will...get....better.
Irish Fan?::The problem here for our Pistons is not the offense it's our lackluster defense. 115pts to OKC Friday night and 109pts to Portland last night. With our 3 bigs it should be rare for us to give up more than 100 we should also never get out rebounded. If we step up our D we will start winning more than losing. I think this team has a ton of talent and mesh well on offense but it's frustrating to keep losing because the teams we play score at will and that starts with coaching my friends.
