Shek Leone::i still beleive in the nets
Timmy Belles::269 points and 42 three's in the last two games. Worst defense of all time....
Yinan Chen::Looks like the nets will win the title of "which New York team sucks less"
John Martin::Beating the 76ers is not much, but Nets may be getting better.
Bill Dwyer::this team just needs to get into the playoffs and they'll be fine. KG & Pierce aren't killing themselves during the reg season cuz they need their wheels for post season and they need their teammates to step up over 82 games to get em all there. They will surprise come playoff time. I would LOVE to see em knock off Miami. That would be PRICELESS. I think miami can be had this year. wade's knee acts up and he can't be himself, theyre done.
Yoonki Ethan Park::lol. You know the Eastern Conference sucks when there's national title talk after improving to 9-15.
Craig Longley::you sir, are what they call mentally challenged
John Osaki Jr.::Big win for the Nets. Big-time Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce fans, checkout their awesome chapters in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
David De Jesus::funny so few comments.. Nets must've won I guess... Haters get the night off.
Hai Lee Chen::Go to Netsdaily dot com if you want comments. No one posts on espn.
Chelo Mejias::Talk when you guys are in the drivers seat. 3rd place teams should stay quiet
Matt Johnson::Finally this team is starting to gel together should be a team to watch come spring time
Marcleen Bavogui::put the bench in this game is over
Nick Loewenstein::The Joe Johnson show!
Bill Dwyer::bout time he did something. can he do it consistently?
Wesley Cheng::Bill Dwyer I doubt it. But this is one of the best performances that i've seen since steph curry.
Feier Chen::sixers come on
Simon's Quest::no defence
Shawn Bento::My boy JJ
Jason Gold::JOE!!
Chelo Mejias::Philly is in shambles right now, Carter-Williams was their golden child...now they are reduced to rubble. Burn in hell philly...Oh and Nice win Brooklyn, can't wait for my celtics to cream pie you when we get Rondo back :-0
Eric Filapello::HA
Matt Semperboni::I figured the Knicks are the Celtics rivals, cause of the whole Boston-NY thing. The Sixers just seem too helpless to be bashed on...as a Blazer fan I actually kinda felt bad for them and their fans when we kept burying threes on them. They're clearly playing tank mode-quality D.
Reginald Clairville::As far as recent history goes in the Atlantic our rivals would be Nets, Sixers then Knicks! And that's from 10 years ago.
Bryan Abbott::Do they teach defense in Philly? Man, two straight blowouts with allowing over 130 points....plus a 42 point quarter? C'mon guys!
Mike Pamfilis::And Joe Johnson is still overpaid by $15 million a year. Iwanna thank Brooklyn again for taking that INSANE contract off our hands!
Wesley Cheng::And Brooklyn knows this, so what's your point? Everyone knows he's overpaid.
Mike Pamfilis::Everybody on Brooklyn is overpaid lol
Mike Pamfilis::As an Atlanta sports fan I'm used to dissapointment especially when it counts the most, but New York has turned into an absolute joke as a sports town
Austin Sanderson::I love it! Sixers in super tank mode! Nerlens Noel + Jabari Parker + Zack LaVine (this will be our pick based on NO's record) = gangbuster team next year!
Adam Youman::if nurlens ends up being good and philly keeps sucking this bad, philly could be really really good in a couple years
Adam Youman::Lol some blazers fans were raving about how they scored over 130 points against philly. clearly it not that difficult to do
Tony Hartmann::Philly's defense is historically brutal.
Casey Taylor::What about Joe Johnson.....playing?
Jason Gold::YES
Ron Schaffer::Williams is finally healthy.
Michael Crane::lopez playing tonight?
Michael Morguarge::no. injury is holding him back.
Mike Vogel::He's on the bench, but they're trying to get by without him and give him an extra two days to heal.
Joseph Balco::hopefully not go sixers
