Hunter8077::Bellinelli 3 game winners this season that's CLUTCH!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Nice win... Bulls had to grind it out at the end.. Marco should be resigned.
CarlyJoni::2 more road games for the Jazz to complete a 5 game road sweep of losses!  Yes, why is Utah submitting to the Lakers and letting them into the playoffs?  They had control of their destiny and the pressure is getting to them.  Win on the road for a change!
MolasseScorpion1986::Why, Utah? Why are you letting LA into the playoffs? Why?  -Cindy Lou Who
ShiloInn1985::Lakers would be getting in, with or without Utah losing.   They are surging and totally in charge of their own fate.
Rook_217::...so they're gonna leapfrog Houston too?  And they are playing much better of late but they still need Utah to lose...meaning they're not exactly in charge of their own fate.
izzygotgame::Good game bulls
Mieryekit::REYNALDO BALKMAN ( former NBA player in Knicks &amp; Nuggets)  CHOKE his teammate!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bmGR2YDa1I
KJsactown::Been following a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K each month following its picks. You can find the system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you are a bettor this system is a must see.
mattd00015::Thank you Jazz,  Love, Lakers
tfoutz31::Y? For the first round sweep you may or may not be getting?
deadlyndachevy369::lmao yall still done.  Kobe gonna fall apart he got so much weight on his back he bout to slip a disc haha... barely beat the raptors at home in ot omg I'm loving this basketball season (except for the 3ring heat circus)
tfoutz31::Don't get too upset, look at his sentences
deadlyndachevy369::That is the best you can do?  Attempt to give me an English lesson?  I will run grammatical circles around you.
tfoutz31::Get that woman some crutches!
mattd00015::i bout too laff at ur inabilidy ta right inglish
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::DNP-Rose=modern Vince Carter. Although we don't have to worry about him skipping a game for graduation lol
tfoutz31::Wait, what? Isn't Vince carter still modern?
scow79::Anybody else notice that Favors was 4 blocks shy of a triple double tonight?
Francis4345::Favors and Kanter need to work on their control (fouls). I think they improved a lot in the last few games.
scow79::That usually coincides with playing time.
tfoutz31::I did he's such a boss
scow79::Why shouldn't the guy be praised?   He's an awesome defensive player and is only going to get better.
scow79::He claims to be a defensive minded coach, yet puts every terrible defensive player we have in the starting lineup.
TAC0REV::"He was on a roll defensively in the first half when Corbin benched him."  Corbin just sticking to his philosophy.
tfoutz31::Isn't that his usual benching time though?
scow79::I wonder if he had actually gotten around 38 minutes if he could have done it.  He was on a roll defensively in the first half when Corbin benched him.
deadlyndachevy369::Derrick Petal-Soft Rose lmao
sportsnu36::It's good to dream.
sportsnu36::Then go to the Celtics board.Looks like your main thing is being on a Bulls/Jazz board.And why?Is it because your Celtics suck?
tfoutz31::Actually that goes to indiana
deadlyndachevy369::And no we are far from sucking at this point you will find out soon enough come playoff time we will be the only legit challenge to Miami just like it's been the last 2 years.
deadlyndachevy369::Like I said, normally I don't go on other boards but I have to make an exception in this case which is that it is a shame the way Rose is playing y'all just giving you a heads up.
sportsnu36::Says you the Celtics fan who's team always tries to trade him.Believe that!Ahhhhh,can't take it when a fan says something bad about yo boy.LMAO
deadlyndachevy369::My main thing is that this idea of him not being mentally ready I mean wtf and then his brother speaking out against the Bulls?? Who do these dudes think they are??? If it wasn't for basketball he'd be flipping burgers he needs to remember who the f he is and that is that he aint $@%! without a ball and a hoop.
deadlyndachevy369::Regardless, D-Rose is a chump and always has been.  He's had one great year, didn't even win the championship... smh.  I could care less really.. my main people are KG and Tha Truth.  They are 10x the player Rose is but he's riding MJ's coattails.
sportsnu36::Rondo dumpty=Same injury as Rose lmao
deadlyndachevy369::At least Rondo isn't robbing his team and adidas lol.  On top of that you would never see this type of nonsense from Rondo trust &amp; believe that.  As soon as he is cleared he will be in the lineup the next game.
TAC0REV::If we're going to keep losing and gift-wrapping a playoff spot for the g@y@ss Lakers, can we please just forget about all our washed-up vets and play the kids? Please, Ty? I'm begging you.  P.S. #FIRECORBIN
tfoutz31::I've been thinking this for 2 weeks now
TAC0REV::LOL indeed.
scow79::Same here.   I've been thinking of the Lakers as ga.ya.ss all of my life however.
TAC0REV::I've been thinking it for two years now.
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::DNP-Rose is done in Chicago. Doesn't want to be there. His brother made it clear. Will use injury as excuse. Question is where he goes next.
Erica6592::LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing - DNP-Rose is done in Chicago. Doesn't want to be there. His brother made it clear. Will use injury as excuse. Question is where he goes next.  Quit trolling! Rose put out a statement the day after that saying that both he AND the organization have the same goal and that is to win a Chip or two for THIS CITY! P.S. He brother CLEARLY stated that he was NOT speaking for his brother! SMH Get your fact straight!
sportsnu36::When did he say that?I've heard Rose saying he wants to be Chicago.Sounds like to me you hope somehow the Jazz trade for him.
tfoutz31::Still wouldn't want him on my team
sactown bulls fan::tfouz is f*cking with you. total f&amp;cking clown.
tfoutz31::Why the f would we want some old broken down has been, the dude shouldn't have even been MVP... I wouldn't want him on my team he would just be another amare
sportsnu36::Reggie did'nt say Drose did not want to be in Chicago,he said the Bulls management need to surround him with better talent.He will be in Chicago for the next 7 yrs.He signed that extension last season.
tfoutz31::Are you sure about this? I mean it seems like he's pretty set on leaving.
scow79::Greece.  Definitely Greece.
tfoutz31::Good point ol' fatty Williams! Didn't they retire his jersey number as well?
scow79::A chubby Deron Williams scored 50 playing in Greece so I guess anything is possible.
tfoutz31::You sure he can win in Greece?
tfoutz31::Are you sure? He may go to Spain...
scow79::Who would you rather have as your starting PG?   Calderon or Mo Williams.
tfoutz31::I'm not a big fan of mcmillan
scow79::I just want a defensive minded coach.   Not one who claims to be. A.K.A. Corbin
tfoutz31::Who would you want as the coach realistically?
scow79::Nate McMillan or Brian Shaw.     Or anyone who specializes in defense.
Francis4345::I think Mo could get his shape back. Just need few games again
dahojas::Calderon for sure. He would fit in a system much better, Mo likes the ball too much. Plus, he's enough of a threat that our big guys would still be getting some space.
dahojas::agreed.
scow79::Yeah I'd rather us sign Calderon to a three year deal over Mo.   He'd make Kanter and Favors much better.   Mo doesn't do that at all.
Francis4345::We not gonna be in the race for him
TAC0REV::Vasquez
scow79::He's restricted I believe.   We could throw a toxic contract at New Orleans a la Houston and Jeremy Lin.
scow79::I like how you think.
tfoutz31::Hmm that's tough man, they both have their own +/-
Francis4345::Jennings ?
dahojas::let's hope. I think he could be an eventual top 5 pg
tfoutz31::I'd sure hope so
scow79::I'd imagine Bledsoe is still a possibility.
tfoutz31::Not Jennings, I'd rather have bledsoe
scow79::Goodness no.   I don't want a chucker.   Plus he's going to get paid big bucks.   There are too many teams with money to spend for him not to.
KJsactown::Been following a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K each month following its picks. You can find the system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you are a bettor this system is a must see.
ensign.devyn::Impeccable timing
Francis4345::So what Jazz need next season ? Which ones we sign ? Which ones get offers ?
Francis4345::I wonder our last win without Millsap and Big Al @ home vs Cats, what it would be vs a better team. We played such a great game in D.
Francis4345::I like the core : Kanter, Favors, Burks, Hayward. Sign Mo, if possible. And yes Caroll is our new heart and soul. Millsap was but lose it
dahojas::That would be a fun team to watch. Also, when Jeremy Evans received extended minutes, he was doing very well. He was spreading the floor and knocking down some jumpers. I'd be very happy with him coming off the bench to relieve Kanter and Favors
dahojas::I really don't think we will sign Millsap or jefferson. Lindsey doesn't seem too happy with the way Corbin is running things the last few games. I think we unload both, keep Demarre, and look for a point guard. (Also, I agree, I'd love to keep Demarre as long as he'll stay. He's incredible)
scow79::I'm hoping for DeMarre.   I was on the re-sign Millsap bandwagon up until this past week.  Everybody else I could care less where they go.  Unfortunately we have a ton of money we have to spend, so we'll probably bring everybody back except for one of the bigs.
tfoutz31::I agree on demarre
tfoutz31::Resign none keep all the young guys and have a 7 man rotation draft a pg or two...
Brian Scalabrine is Undeniably the Greatest::Did you guys know that the Bulls paid Brian Scalabrine to stay on the bench because he was so dominate that everyone would stop watching the Bulls if he played?
Brian Scalabrine is Undeniably the Greatest::but if Brian played, then the NBA would be boring because we would already know that the Bulls would win.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, a dominant player has never paid off for the Bulls in media attention or championships.
scow79::Millsap and Jefferson - 6 rebounds in 51 total minutes.      There is your problem folks.
dahojas::I don't think you should throw Kanter in there. He's the best rebounder on the team, bar none. When hyou only see the floor for a few minutes at a time, it's hard to get in a grove. Plus he's probably pissed that he's playing so freaking well and not being rewarded for it.
scow79::You could even add Kanter in there.   3 rebounds in 18 minutes.   Since he's young though, I'm chalking it up to inexperience.   lol
tfoutz31::They must not care anymore
ensign.devyn::Um. WOW.
The420xpress::Is it just me or does Corbin really suck at distributing the minutes among his players??
scow79::Playing 11 players in a playoff push?   Brilliant!!!
Francis4345::He likes to cool the hot hands
Francis4345::Cant be more true
Francis4345::Jazz played good D tonight, front court played solid, we need Foye to get his touch back and Mo too
Francis4345::Kanter and Favors got minutes the past 2 weeks and it worth it. Both looks awesome in D (blocks) and they killed the paint
Francis4345::Hayward is normaly solid. Millsap had chances against Cavs and Bucks to close the game ; bad foul on Irving and missing FT vs Bucks
ensign.devyn::....except for his notorious late game turnovers. Hayward, that is.
tfoutz31::Like a part time summer coach? Lol
scow79::And for Timid Hayward to die.
scow79::Addition by subtraction my friend.
tfoutz31::Kinda like getting rid of d will?
scow79::I think getting Big Al off the team would help a lot of players currently on the Jazz roster, but especially every one of the young guys.
scow79::Nothing but love for the guy.   It would just help him a ton to either demand the ball or get Big Al and Mo, to a lesser extent, off the team.
tfoutz31::I guess, but still I'd rather watch him than big al
ensign.devyn::He's so hard to watch sometimes, as much as I love him.
tfoutz31::Why such hate?
rbmw263::Kobe shot as many FT's as the Raptors. no surprise
scow79::We can't have our largest TV market missing the playoffs.  - David Stern
scow79::Shhhh!!!  That's only after Kobe retires.
tfoutz31::If it was up to him they would be in the lottery every year or somehow get all star after all star on the team to win the championship every year... Oh wait.
scow79::And I heard Antawn Jamison had half as many free throws as the entire Portland team in one of their games.
rbmw263::Same way in the LA Nola game...and the last 2 Jazz games have seen huge FT disparities for the other team....cant say it isnt a little sketchy
scow79::Look on the bright side.   At least the Tankers lost.
tfoutz31::Best news I've heard all day
Colinoneill314::when rose comes back, keep bellinelli at starting sg. we will be dangerous when the mvp makes his return
surfzone365::Belinelli has been huge for us this season.  Not his first game-winning shot
beebopbaloop::Beat my C's too.  In the rematch I almost had a heart attack when the ball went to him in the last coupla seconds (good thing JET blocked his shot).
tfoutz31::He will prob tear his other acl and end his carreer
tfoutz31::Lover alert
sportsnu36::Hater alert
tfoutz31::Don't get me wrong, like the guy and his hustle and all but people praise him too much...
beebopbaloop::Not cool, bro.
beebopbaloop::Utah seems intent on dropping out of the playoffs.
beebopbaloop::It's going to be brutal for the Jazz Until the 22nd of this month. Knicks twice, OKC, Grizz and the Spurs.  Don't give the Laker fans too much hope, ok?
ensign.devyn::If I had control over that, I would exercise said control
Francis4345::Just unlucky thats it. Houston should be 8th now
ensign.devyn::Or we just have an inept coach and it's been a brutal stretch of 3 games. Though really, we were competitive in all of them so that's a huge plus for us on the road so far
LALakersboy24.7::JAZZ  NEXT 8 GAMES ENJOY WATCHING THE PLAYOFFS FROM HOME LOL @Knicks Detroit @OKC Memphis Knicks @Rockets @SPURS @Dallas
jdoggjiggajigga::Dude your team is fighting for the 8th spot, enjoy the playoffs from home cause that's where you will be after your Lakers get swept by Spurs or Thunder.
Francis4345::Lakers team is just too sh*tty. Everythings turns right. Thanks for 50% of points from Ft's
surfzone365::Thats a funny avatar...nice!
LALakersboy24.7::THANKS
ensign.devyn::That just might be the gayest avatar ever.
ensign.devyn::Well, looking at your future, you should.
scow79::And whoever makes the playoffs will be further back than 1 spot.   I believe it goes by record amongst all of the playoff teams.
LALakersboy24.7::WHO CARES COLLEGE PLAYERS SUCK RIGHT NOW
scow79::Lakers don't have a 1st rounder.   It's heading to Phoenix.
scow79::You too.   If you make it past 4 games I'll buy you a Coke.
ensign.devyn::No matter which one of us makes it, it's a first round exit, and a possible sweep at that. Not much to look forward to either way, except drafting one spot later.
LALakersboy24.7::ENJOY THE PLAYOFFS
The point center::<b> breaking news: rose to play sunday againt the lakers. a game in the d league should help his confidence.</b>
tfoutz31::No one cares
sportsnu36::Then why you on here?
Francis4345::Should be 3-0 or at least 2-1 in this road trip. The sh*tty Lakers got sh*t again tonight with ballerina Bryant with incredible 3's at the end...
Francis4345::It could be 3.5 games up. Anyways i guess NBA wants Lakers in.
tfoutz31::I wish we had a closer, even though I hate Bryant that's what he's good at
tfoutz31::Yup agree 100%!!!!
ensign.devyn::I do too. At least he drives and attacks!
tfoutz31::In all honesty I think burks is better
ensign.devyn::We do. Al Jefferson.
surfzone365::Kobe is the closest player to resemble MJ....hard to beat his will
ensign.devyn::Wonder what Corbin's excuse will be after these last 2. We've had our "closer", our starting PG, and still couldn't get it done.
Francis4345::Just heartbreaking again and again. Our bench should start instead of this shaky straters
ensign.devyn::Haha same thing to Corbin
tfoutz31::I wouldn't say big al is our closer ever, he's just Corbin's go to guy
rbmw263::Millsap hits a freethrow, Mo makes a layup, Al Jefferson OR Gordon Hayward hit their 15 footers, and we are 4 games up on LA. Go from good shot at making the playoffs to no shot in 3 plays
walle D_ D::well jazz fans, seem yall are the weakest link in the western conference playoff hunt, move over for the lakers this year, wish it didn't have to happen though.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, just think if we could close out a game ever...
ensign.devyn::Yeah man it's been brutal to take, for sure.
walle D_ D::it's said really. these last three games for yall have just been awful. last second losses over and over.
tfoutz31::I'm getting on the Jeff van Gundy bandwagon, I know it's a longshot but still! I can dream Kant I?
sportsnu36::Who cares
ensign.devyn::we all can, after these last 3 games
tfoutz31::Worthless!
Jackiemoonsexy::Is this the Bulls board? seems I am lost
Jackiemoonsexy::That Italian guy is clutch
surfzone365::A clutch Belinelli 3 saves the day for the Bullies!
ensign.devyn::Usually what happens when you show up at 1:30am Central time
ensign.devyn::That's what I meant haha
surfzone365::Actually 1:30 Eastern, where i am ;) i know, up late
The point center::go for the 3
ensign.devyn::Ty Corbin, is that you?
Jackiemoonsexy::You are on point
ensign.devyn::How dare you. Aaron Gray is a seasoned veteran in this league and that for some reason makes it better to have him shoot the shot.
Serg Abaka::Did he say give Aaron Gray the ball at the 3 point line?
rbmw263::Lets hope Toronto defends the right basket here
rbmw263::unlike nola
ensign.devyn::Anderson pulled a "Millsap"
rbmw263::cmon Anderson....
ensign.devyn::D'oh
rbmw263::Gray tried to go around Howard. If he stayed in his spot that board would have come right to him.   Wouldnt expect any less this week tho
rbmw263::nice double team ha ha pathetic
free derrick favors::Rudy showing us why he was traded...
rbmw263::well...that is what superstars are for
tfoutz31::C mon toronto!
sportsnu36::Hahahaha,pulling for the Raptors to help yo sorry @$$e$ becuz ur sucking Jazz could'nt beat a completely depleated Bulls team.LMAO+AU
The point center::fack this game is nuts
free derrick favors::Anderson again
rbmw263::He played for the Bobcats for 2 seasons  like 6 years ago. Wasnt in the league until last year. Now hes hitting big shots for us.
The point center::kobe raped me
Snarles Barkely::Why the hell are Artest and Meeks shooting the ball?
rbmw263::they are Jazz fans
surfzone365::Some good games going on late tonight
rbmw263::who is this anderson guy
free derrick favors::I was just thinking the same
tfoutz31::Missed the game tonight, prob a good thing! What was our starting lineup?
tfoutz31::Not terrible, still no Hayward or favors though....
tfoutz31::Which is completely backwards!
ensign.devyn::No chance of that happening unless it's the last 5 games of the season and we're definitely out of the playoffs. Haha
ensign.devyn::Al Paul Demarre Foye Mo
free derrick favors::What a terrible night. Jazz lose, while houston and LA will probably win. -_-
tfoutz31::And it hits the fan!
rbmw263::La SQUEAKS out wins against atl and nola, probably Toronto. Jazz find ways to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory 3 times. Perfect storm of sh.it
ensign.devyn::What a terrible last 5 nights
ensign.devyn::Look at Swirsk054's tweet on the right haha.
rbmw263::no chance Toronto wins in OT.
scow79::I'm not watching.   I watched the ATL and the NO games at the end and we know how that worked out.
free derrick favors::Should have fouled them Toronto! Not let them take a three! Is Corbin calling their plays?
