Trevor Banning::Lechoke James, queen James, doesnt matter what you call him. He is the champ and best player in the world(maybe the best ever, yes including jordan). Continue being bitter all you want. Im not even a lebron fan. i just think its funny how ignorant his haters are.
Taylor Manes::LeDICK lol new one because hes a dick rider.. HE IS NOT THE BEST PLAYER IN THE WORLD..THIS IS WHAT YOU NEED to DO U DICK SUCKER GO LOCK YOURSELF IN A ROOM AND KILL YOURSELF..YOU DO Not WATCH BASKETBALL IF YOU SAY HIS NO-hairline-ONly TWO RINGS SELF IS THE BEST PLaYER iN THE WORLD..GO HUMP A CLONE..YOU IGNORANT Dick sucker
Al Sotowitz::Not only is he the best player in the world, but he's on the path to having one of the greatest careers ever.  He's not there yet, but to say it's not even possible is ignorant. After reading your post, ignorance seems like something you're good at.
Lester Avellan::Taylor are you telling me or yelling. Your probably a Cleveland fan.
Andrew Lipham::"im only 110%.  just wait til im 200%" -rose
Anthony Barbaro::The man is mentally weak. Look what AP  did after returning from the same injury last year. AP plays a tougher sport too, takes way more hits to the knees than Rose ever will.
Nick Wohead::Anthony Barbaro You gather that from One game hes mentally weak?? Its one game Miami played him well and there's rust from not playing in over a year
Jim Beams::Anthony Barbaro : You are so wrong about Drose and AP.  The fact that they play different sports is the exact reason why you cant compare them.
Justin Porter::I got a feeling Oden will stuff Rose and Twitter will explode!
Taylor Manes::Sorry but Im afraid youre  a bit wrong mate *British accent*
Justin Porter::Taylor Manes lol
Derek Kudjer::he's inactive. nice try though
Brandon Tigues::derrick rose continues to get owned by norris cole
Chau Kha::so ur saying u would rather have norris cole, than Rose?? Wow you miami "fans" are just crazy!!
Jerald C Batac::Chau Kha Where exactly did he say that? He just said Rose got owned again by Drose.  LOL
Jerald C Batac::Jerald C Batac COLE*
Brendyn Scott::As much as I hate the Bulls for multiple reasons (MJ beating my Jazz... twice, the fact that boozer plays for them), I cannot help but love them because of Rose. His game is unlike anyone in the league. Mad respect for him and cannot wait to watch him slice and dice again this year!! Hope he has the ultimate comeback and dunks on LBJ wade and bosh
Vaughn Johnson::Lolol, rose is a monster I'll give you that. But from a person who dunks trust me. Roses career won't last too long. He's too reckless with his body. That's the same way wade used to play his first three years and we've been talking about his knees since 2007. Athletes like LeBron and Anthony can easily tank on anyone in the league but they don't because they're thinking long term, they listen to their bodies. Look at that lay up rose took in pre season how horrible he looked falling to the side I mean really dude is it worth it? You may admire things like that but I've seen the same type of behavior from teammates and friends that straight up blew their knees out. It's not cool it's kind of bone headed. Realize that many athletes can be reckless and not care, just recognize that LeBron can straight tank on anyone but it is really uncomfortable exerting that much pressure on your legs for all of the games that a man who had been paying ball since he was a little kid all the way up into the playoffs of an nba game. It's as sad as Carmelo saying his game is never going to change, just stupid to witness
Alex Bonifacio::Eh... I mean you gotta point but DRose and DWade are completely different. DWade has a silky Mid Range Jumper while Rose is just a straight up slasher, and the best in the league at it. If your that good at slashing, you WILL use it. You will never ever see DRose stepping back for 3 point Jumper when he can cross and tank the basket.
David Barton::Oh yea that's how u feel well keep on hoping...LOL
Debra Quick::The competition for the Heat will be the Pacers. As far as the Bulls are concerned...please don't believe the hype. They looked no better than they did last year. Nate Robinson was their clutch man and they let him go. Rose is just a another good player that they gave the MVP to because they didn't want to give it to Lebron because of the "Decision". Sorry Chicago, Rose is not the "Chosen One"!
Will McCoy::Yeah because game 1 in October tells you everything you need to know about a basketball team...And regards to MVP they could of given it to KD or Dwight they didn't though...girl go to bed..
Debra Quick::The fact remains that the Bulls are going no where. The are a non M effing factor. Now take your raggedy behind to bed. Chalmers is more than enough to handle Rose and you fools want to elevate him to Lebron. You need to go get your life, Loser!
Jason Pellettiere::So I'm trying to follow your logic... you're hilariously implying Robinson is as good as Rose, and then saying that because Rose is worse than Lebron, his return will have no impact on the success of the Bulls.  Makes Sense.  Not.
Alan Ogg::wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh D ROSE wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  "well its only preseason, wait til the bulls knock the heat out of ECF"  "well its only ECF, wait til next season"  "well its only the 5th straight playoffs that the bulls failed to make the finals, wait until season 6"  etc etc.  LOL @ bulls 'fans'
Kenny Walker::"Best player in the NBA" doesn't sit out an entire season because he isn't mentally ready. Can't wait for the LeBron and company to destroy the Bulls.
Timothy Simmons::does the best player in the nba pout because he cant win in Cleveland and join the heat?
Dylan Whitaker::Timothy Simmons Ok we will see derrick rose start pouting when his team gets put out over the next 6 years by the heat,pacers, and maybe nets.
Mohammed Hussaini::Best player in the NBA is also the best flopper in the NBA
Billy Lott::LeBron was, is, and will ALWAYS be phenomenally better than Derrick Rose.  Haters keep hating, he has back to back MVP CHAMPIONSHIP seasons, and is heavily favored to THREE PEAT.  Anyone hating on him at this point is egregiously daft.
Jerald C Batac::Sekou Garrett Since when is no one hating on Lbj? Wipe the Drose junk out of your eyes!
Al Sotowitz::"I got your 5 inches right here!"  -Norris Cole-
Ha Keem::You win
Dustin Rambo Moore::Bulls and their fans are treating this as a game 7 NBA Finals.  Even though they play several times this year and the game is not important, fans think this game will determine the title... W?ow, I sure hope the Bulls win so they can hang a banner for this one, otherwise it will be disappointing.
Dustin Rambo Moore::The Heat know its only a regular season game of a marathon season.
Ninep Younatham::It's all about momentum , If we beat the heat now we'll feel confident about beating them next time.
Cory Young::Ninep Younatham Momentum! Ok! SO by that statement - when the bulls went 3-1 in the regular season but still lost 4-1 in the playoffs right? Then give it up for momentum then. Its on a role.
Jason Hahn::Heat fans equal a bunch of uneducated people who only jumped on a bandwagon besides a few real fans.
Rob Loveday::Says a fan of a team that is completely irrelevant outside of the Jordan years. Why not check the Bulls average attendance before Jordan was drafted?
Alan Ogg::says the dude with the stupidiest looking picture ever
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Uhh, durp durp, which way did dey go George, which way did dey go?
Alan Ogg::it's sad to know that after 15 years of NOT winning anything close to an nba finals... delusional bulls fans think this is 'their year' lol.  then what was 2011 2012 and 2013?
Timothy Simmons::sorry not everyone slobbers all over the loser heat!
Timmy Kaetzel::Timothy Simmons  r u ratarted the heat have one 2 finals in a row where the bulls?
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::I think they're STILL celebrating that Game 1 win over Miami a couple of years ago lmao
Luis Figueroa::I love Derrick Rose as a basketball player.  I'm grateful for the fact that he's the leader of our franchise and that he's back for this season. But I miss the Derrick Rose wasn't so inclined to speak about himself so much.  I miss the D-Rose that stayed quiet and let his stats speak for himself. Every week there is an article/blog/quote with him talking about how much better he is.  You don't get to brag about your improved shot when you go 4-15 from the field.  You don't get to brag about your increased IQ when you get 5 turnovers and only 4 assists in 34 minutes.  You don't get to brag about your vertical increasing by 5 inches when you lose a critical jump ball  to a D-Wade at the end of the game when every possession counts. You don't get to brag about your increased athleticism when you get crossed over by Norris Cole.  I want to make it clear that I am not bashing him for having a bad game...it was his first regular season game in 18 month for God's sake.  I just want him to stop talking about how much better he is and let his game speak for him.
Will McCoy::dude...Derrick is one of the most recognizable athletes on the planet.. he is going to be asked to do interviews especially after everything has happened with his injury and rehab...he hasn't played in 18 months...people are going to be have microphones in his face constantly..it will calm down as the season gets rolling
Will McCoy::and honestly using examples from his first game back in 18 MONTHS as to why you feel he cant talk about his self proclaimed improvement is pretty short sighted. nothing is going to get his timing back fully except playing in real games which was his first one tonight..it doesn't mean his skill set hasn't improved it could just mean he has to figure how to use that improved skill set in real speed games
Luis Figueroa::Will McCoy He had no problem deflecting these opportunities to talk about himself before the injury, you know...when he was the MVP of the league! I see no reason why he can't do it now. Whether his skill set has improved or not isn't relevant to my rant.  I just want him to stop talking about it.  One of the reasons why I have always been so high on Rose is because of his humility. I don't want him to lose that.
Paul Nellom::Derrick Rose: 1. An overhyped injury-prone point guard that rides the bench in the playoffs even though he's healed and most likely cleared to play.  2. A player that doesn't have  any heart, but his die-hard fans will do anything to say otherwise.  3. A guy that will play less games than Ricky Rubio and Greg Oden after getting an injury 4 games into the season, while releasing yet another sneaker that you won't see on his feet.  -Websters Online Dictionary
Cliff Pickard::speak on it. feel like i went to church
Bryan Lawrence::In a word..A lesser version of  Allen Iverson
Lucas Campbell::top 5 reasons why chalmerz is the GOAT PG: 1. he's born in alaska so you gotta be a BAMF to ball outside in the cold 2. he takes criticism from his other hater heatz teammates and turns the other cheek like jesus says 3. my mom thinks he's cute 4. according to darwinism, his prehistoric features actually symbolize his superiority to other men 5. i have 6 of his jerseys and i alwys pulls chicks in them
James YRetta Blow Watkins::this was actually well thought out kodos to u :) i didn't know he was from alaska
Alan Ogg::you are such a douche
Lucas Campbell::Alan Ogg LOL YOU A HATER DOE
Marc Anthony Fisicaro::I guess the mods are Bulls fans bc i wrote that Drose got owned by Norris Cole and its gone now. oh well it dont change the fact that he got OWNED by NC!!!!
Chau Kha::ya cause norris cole is better than drose!!
Bryan Crissman::They got me too.
George J Banks::Norris cole is a hack, if he didn't play for the cheat he would have fouled out.
Isaiah Smith::Miami Cheats Suck! Bulls will win this.
Michael Furlow::Explain to me how the heat cheats or sucks
Jorge Bouza::Fake MVP is LBJ's little Biatch. Heat3peat.
Mikey Reyes::they flop all the time.  unlike your team ours is home grown and in position 2 win it all the right way. not calling players to join us.
Anthony Barbaro::"I don't always tear my ACL, but when I do, I sit our for the entire season. Play scared my friends." - Derrick Rose
Ed DeSalle::We take a DUMP on the Bulls in Miami! LMFAO!
Niko Karnezis::"We"? Do you play for the Heat?
Luis Ramirez::Respect heat are a great team, Chicago was the one seed two years in a row though they were young and now their hungry.
Andrew Lipham::if wade doesnt stay healthy this year, no way do the heat 3 peat.  if he stays healthy, my money is on a heat 3-peat.  its just that simple.  chicago and indiana are legit in the east and will give miami all they can handle.  im not sold on the nets and rockets like everyone else.  also, the clippers will disappoint like usual unless doc rivers is related to jesus.
John Pirruccello::Christ Rivers
Armando Toledo::Just like they werent going to repeat last year? lol
Debra Quick::Chalmers set the pace by stealing from Rose in the opening play. One thing that is certain, Derrick Rose doesn't warrant the King's attention.
Will McCoy::sure he doesn't..........
Cody Perin::That 8-0 preseason mark really helped the Bulls in this one.......... Wait?
Ed DeSalle::BLOWN OUT after that championship 8-0 preseason! LMFAO at the Bulls and their DUMB fan base!
Niko Karnezis::At least they have a real fanbase.
Brandon Albea::Niko Karnezis crybaby bulls fan LOL
Steve Ungar::Niko Karnezis Yeah, so real that other than you, they all ran off.
