GoWings2008::Holy crap!    A Pistons victory???  Wow...
screwford.....::remember that year the pistons went 20-62?
CosmoKramer1444::They might have 62 losses this year.
paylocitysucks::Was that last year?
amerz331::Pistons what what? Haha I know they still suck but hey I'll gladly celebrate any signs of postitivity.
KingGeorge53::well done PIstons.    I'm starting to wonder if Bobcats want that top ping pong ball more than the rest of the teams.
The Grammar and Spelling Nazi::please do not use profane language in these chats, Thank you
bobbybouche78::watch michael jordan draft one of his sons with the bobcats first rounder
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::charlie villanueva did not play due to a sore v@gina
screwford.....::do you live in the city?
Balla32391::So only Detroit residents can like the Lions, Tigers, Wings, and Pistons...sorry to tell ya, but there would be no team if only fans of the city of Detroit went to their games. I'd much prefer my small-town community to living in Detroit. Doesn't mean I can't like the team. Idiot.
bob_ran4::if you don't like the city they play in then you have no right to like the actual teams either.
screwford.....::i dont and never would 2 of my favorite teams in the world play in detroit (redwings,tigers) but it doesnt mean that i would ever even think about living there  i enjoy leaving my door unlocked at night my cardoors are unlocked in my driveway right now   so yes... its ok to rip on detroit
dirtydean5150::Whoooo. this one was a real stinker tonight. My Bobcats are just awful. But this was a throw away year. Next year when Diop,Diaw,and Maggette leave we will have some scratch to try and get some decent talent in. Until then there are gonna be nights like this all year. To look on the bright side we lost to the Hawks by 30 so were heading in the right direction.
cb12490::Why oh WHY George Shinn did you wait 'til you moved the Hornets to sell them?! WHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYY??????????/
lemonsgee::http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat  2000 SPORTSWRITERS COMMENTING LIVE ON FANCLOUD!
StompYourFace25::LOL I am laughing so hard at the comments below. The bobcats are a very new expansion team. No $@%! they are going to suck balls. Do you know how long it took other expansion teams to contend for the title? (Minnesota formed in 1989, still have not been in NBA Finals).  Give it some time. Sheesh.
jamesjones_det::miss post...
avon_barksdale14::yet there are other expansion teams that performed well fairly quick....bobcats have horrible management
jamesjones_det::The Charlotte Hornets, Miami Heat, Orlando Magic.    If I'm not mistaken the Charlotte Hornets made it to the eastern conference finals just 3 years after becoming a franchise.
Talentsojhin::What other expansion team was that? Bobcats have been in the playoffs once. They stated last year they are rebuilding and it will be a rough year.
voodoochld121::The Bobcats are sooooo bad, it's really embarrassing. I would rather there be no team in Charlotte than have this piece of crap Michael Jordan put together.
Jeff072092::I miss the Hornets
pistons6684::Is Ben Gordon not American?
CheerstoLilWayne::he was born in London i think...
pistons6684::He does sound very intelligent. He also seems like a very nice guy.
CheerstoLilWayne::He speaks extremely well doesn't he? He's very intelligent. I'm not saying that it's because he's English...it's just that you can tell that he wasn't brought up in the streets.
pistons6684::I thought he sounded English...
TH3 W4Y IT IS::At least the Bobcats are balanced: 1-5 at home 1-5 on road
KirkLance::Pistons in a nutshell: Knight promising, Monroe blossoming, Gordon hot and cold with question of mental toughness, Jerebko and Bynum have potential and seem to work hard, but inconsistent and lower ceilings. Prince with best mind but declining and trouble fitting in. Wallace most professional and getting max out of eroding skills (and maybe best defensive player still). Villanueva enigma--maybe shooting guard stuck in forward's body, Wilkins decent bench player, Stuckey enigma with more talent/ceiling, Daye really an enigma in every sense of the word, Maxiell undersized, inconsistent, Macklin incomplete. Promising coach. That being said, it's scary to see how they took it to Charlotte on the road. I feel sorry for the Bobcat fans.
TH3 W4Y IT IS::Bobcats should just fold, Charlotte didnt need another team anyway
ldp85::Heard QCB say Matt Carroll has yet to hit a three this year. Well the streak continues for...    THE BOBCATS QUEST TO BE QUADRUPLE GARBAGE!
CoolRod365::For every Kevin durant there is the draft there are 6 Greg oden and kwame browns. Jordan should.know this
gouconnhuskies3::I think thabeet and Biyombo have a lot in common, except Biyombo didn't even play college ball... so thats not a good sign
CoolRod365::Lots of work but he is really young
hughesn2::Or a Hasheem Thabeet (2nd overall) or Joe Alexander (8th overall)
gouconnhuskies3::I mean he might not still you never know, but its pretty clear he is totally raw and needs A LOT of work
remtx79::For every post with perfect grammar and spelling, there are six like yours that are painful to read.
CheerstoLilWayne::way to edit your post you tool
AvengedByCats::lol fail
remtx79::?
CheerstoLilWayne::You forgot the comma in between "ghetto" and "second grade". Practice what you preach.
remtx79::Care to re-read your post? Hard to peg on someone when you have fewer keyboard skills than a ghetto, second grade student.
CoolRod365::You obviously have no problem with. It
remtx79::So you're supporting poor grammar? It's never acceptable to speak like an idiot. Never. Sports board or not, stupid is stupid. Period.
CheerstoLilWayne::It's because he's a pathetic tool who's stuck in "Mommy's basement". He talks a lot of trash because he's safe behind his keyboard.
gouconnhuskies3::Did anybody honestly have any problem figuring out what he meant? Who cares. Seems like a pretty big superiority complex to come on a sports message board and rip on peoples grammar.
remtx79::So it's acceptable to speak like an idiot?
gouconnhuskies3::get over it, its the internet not Harvard Law
gouconnhuskies3::The writting was on the wall for Biyombo to flop...
Talentsojhin::5 blocks in 7 minutes tonight...not really a flop. Talking just first half minutes
CheerstoLilWayne::I thought it was illegal/banned for the pistons to win???
CheerstoLilWayne::Hmmmm...all of my posts have multiple people agreeing with me. All of your posts have one person (you) agreeing with you. Maybe you should go to bed kid so you don't miss your bed time.
remtx79::I have no parents and I'm certainly not safe behind their tombstones. That's the closest they will ever come to protecting me from anything. Way to make assumptions though. I will gladly say to your face what I say on the web. Oh, and I do not like my own posts, but I'm sure some Detroit riot fan does.
CheerstoLilWayne::HAHAHAHA!!! Keep it coming kid! You're the most pathetic THING on the planet. How come you're not commenting anymore??? Maybe because you're too busy liking my comments! Hahaha you're pathetic. And then as soon as I stop commenting, you'll start commenting because there's nothing left to "like".
CheerstoLilWayne::Once AGAIN!
CheerstoLilWayne::hahahaha just keep the "likes" coming kid.
CheerstoLilWayne::And once more!!!
CheerstoLilWayne::And AGAIN!!!!! hahaha you're pathetic!
CheerstoLilWayne::And AGAIN!!!!
CheerstoLilWayne::2 people liked it before 30 seconds...now explain how i could be liking my comment twice...
CheerstoLilWayne::Hahaha once again!!! And I love how you go and edit all of your posts after people tell you what's wrong...Go back to your meaningless, immature life you pathetic tool. LMAO
remtx79::Your post was just liked again immediately. And who is losing? What grammar errors? You're an idiot. Enjoy your useless life.
CheerstoLilWayne::Hahahaha! Telling someone to slit their throat because you're losing an argument??? How pathetic are you??? Wow. You don't respond when you're exposed as a "Grammar $@%!" who doesn't practice what he preaches. Plus, you still don't explain how someone can like their own post 5 times in a minute??? Come on! Try to defend your arguments...oh wait, you can't!
remtx79::? Your post was just liked again... right after you posted it... just like you accused me of. You should slit your throat whilst you're ahead.
CheerstoLilWayne::Yet, you forgot the comma in between "Yet" and "this". You're the worst "Grammar $@%!" in the world. And your posts are getting "liked" when the time at the bottom says "Just now" ...hmmm. If you'd quit "liking" my posts right away to make it seem as if i'm "liking" the posts, you might actually have a life.
remtx79::Yet, this post you just made was liked 30 seconds after you posted it...
CheerstoLilWayne::What do you know? Your post was "liked" almost instantly after you posted it. And yet, you accuse me of liking my own posts. You must tell all of us how you think that I'm able to like my posts 4-5 times...
remtx79::Interesting... you JUST posted that and someone already liked it. Stop liking your own posts.
CheerstoLilWayne::Really? You've got someone liking every single comment you post just seconds after you post it? Doubt it, Mr. Harry Potter.
remtx79::I thought it was illegal/banned for you to breathe air that a useful human could use.
CheerstoLilWayne::Actually, you're impossible to have an actual, intelligent conversation with you because you are extremely immature, you start cussing and attacking people only because you're safe behind your (parents') computer, and continue to show how pathetic you are...simple as that. In other words, you may be talking, but nothing intelligent comes out. Oh and way to keep "liking" your own comments kid...once again, how pathetic...
remtx79::It stands to reason that if I can't converse with someone with an IQ above three, and you keep talking to me, that by your rules your IQ is less than three... dumb a$$
CheerstoLilWayne::Wow, what an idiot...at what point did I ever say my IQ was three or less??? Way to show how childish and immature you are hahaha. I can't wait to see your pathetic response to this. Is it going to be "YOUR MOM!!!!"?
remtx79::So you admit your IQ is three or less?
CheerstoLilWayne::ooohh what a great comeback...the classic "I know you are but what am I?" argument that a 12 year old uses.
remtx79::If that is true, then I can still converse with you.
CheerstoLilWayne::i thought it was illegal/banned for you to still be alive and talking to people with an IQ above 3.
jorl1234::Bobcats is ridículous !!Phatetic!
remtx79::What the hell is "phatetic?"
hughesn2::I hate Charlie Villanueva!!!!!! Getting paid $7.54 million this year for so far 6minutes played in our first 12 games. He has been listed as day-to-day for TWO WEEKS and pretty much the whole season other than his total of 6 minutes played and ZERO points. Don't know how he will play this year. Pulling a JaMarcus Russell. Tayshaun is getting about $6.5million for 8.4 points per game and still playing 30minutes a game. Probably won't average any more than 11ppg this year. Then Stuckey comes back from his day-to-day injury that lasted 4 games. Getting paid about $8mil this year and he probably won't be averaging more than 12ppg this entire season. And the 4 games in which Stuckey has missed the rookie Brandon Knight averaged 16ppg. So why did we re-sign Stuckey to that much if we also have Bynum, who is good when he gets playing time. I see Bynum as a guy like Jordan Crawford: He got drafted by Atlanta and never played b/c the team only played 7 players every game. Then he got traded to Washington and he becomes a 6th man of the year candidate
CheerstoLilWayne::it's not his fault he's injured...Arnie Kander even came out and said that he didn't know what to do...Charlie's just as frustrated as you are.
CheerstoLilWayne::wow...how pathetic are you?
hughesn2::NO WAY!!! Charlie is a waste of money. He has started in only 27 games in his first two seasons with us, yet he has played in a total of 154 games. He has started in 17% of the games he has played in. I now don't regret that KG called him a CANCER to our team. HE IS!
gouconnhuskies3::I don't know what the Managments obsession with Stuckey is, ever since they fell in love with the guy the team has gotten worse and worse
Drew0288::Ya, and how did the Pistons do in Stuckey's absence? Take a closer look there, buddy.
Drew0288::No reason to come back. You stated an opinion: "I'd rather..." That's your preference.
hughesn2::So your only comeback is my speech???
Drew0288::A part.
hughesn2::They lose nearly every game anyways! I'd rather spend $8 million sparingly not on a guy like Stuckey. We can't just throw money at players that have been apart of our Franchise for 5yrs.
klesk80::Anyways......Thx... for the win ~!  Life is gambling~! Hurah.....!  Oops...forgot....hope the bobcats win the next game tho....!=)
gouconnhuskies3::Seriously though the Bobcats need to make a trade... Sure Kemba has been inconsistent, but just let him have some floor time and it will pay in the long run... Go get Kenneth Farried or something! They should have drafted him over Biyombo... not even played a minuet in denver
IHATEDAVIDSTERN666::Yes your Bobcats should trade D.J. Augustin to my Lakers for a player and draft picks.He is leaving via free agency anyways this upcoming off season why not get a decent return from the Lakers?
joest2003::master wangkee thats the smartst thing i ever heard U C O N N UCONN UCONN UCONN
gouconnhuskies3::Whatever its a good draft, gut the team and give the rookies minuets
MasterWangkee::I would trade Augustin for a lottery pick and select Jeremy Lamb to go along with #1 pick Andre Drummond - Dwight Howard with a better all-around game.
supreme91::Did the pistons score 100 pts yet this season??
hughesn2::Nope. And we have only scored 90 points in 3 out of the 12 games
pistons6684::I don't think so
StompYourFace25::Keep blowing it bobcats and we can get Drummond :P
hughesn2::Tell that to the all the teams that thought they were gonna get the #1 pick until the Lottery. Last time the #1 overall pick went to the worst team in the NBA was Orlando when they got Dwight Superman Howard. In the 27 total NBA Lottery's only three times has the team that had the WORST record in the NBA season got the 1st overall pick and four if you count at least tied for Worst record (CLEV-LeBron). And in the last 21 drafts, Orlando is the ONLY team that had the WORST record and got the 1st overall pick! So don't count on this as a way to get the 1st overall pick.
MasterWangkee::I worry about the Wizards.
Jimdetroitfan94::Dominated by the Pistons.
remtx79::People from Charlotte are scum of the earth. You are all worthless rednecks, and I hope you are all murdered.
remtx79::There is no such thing as an intellectual from New England. You are kidding yourself.
pistons6684::Wow, whenever I've heard that it's been targeted at Detroit.
Tigerfan198063::I think its past someones bedtime.
MasterWangkee::I am an intellectual from New England who relocated to the South.
lildetroitfan30::what a nice comment. don't you know brooklyn decker is from charlotte?
voodoochld121::remtx must have been gang raped by a bunch of people from Charlotte.
Tigerfan198063::I shat on your mammas chest
MasterWangkee::She's from Matthews, NC which is outside Charlotte I think.  Could be wrong.
remtx79::Anyone from Charlotte should die. Period. I hate you and I hope you are run over by a bus and suffer horribly.
richfinshu2::0-4 shooting the last 1:19 to kill my over 181...what a crap way to lose
Drew0288::Degenerate gamblers
Tigerfan198063::haha
yesto311::Congrats Pistons on FINALLY getting your 1st road win of the season.
remtx79::When was the last time the Bobcats won anything of value? In fact, how many pro teams have LEFT the God forsaken town of charlotte?
MasterWangkee::Congratulations to the Detroit Pistons.  Here's to you finishing with a better record than the Bobcats!!!
gouconnhuskies3::Yeah Drummond and Kemba is going to be awesome
lildetroitfan30::NO!!!!!!!!!!!! WE NEED ANDRE DRUMMOND
gouconnhuskies3::i mean he's not going to be a clear out type guy, he's gonna be more about athleticism... I like the young garnett comparison
gouconnhuskies3::nah he dosn't have howard's size or strength, but he can out run him, and actually make some moves around the basket
MasterWangkee::Oh he's legit.  He'd be a real prize for the Bobcats.  Dwight Howard with a better all-around game.
gouconnhuskies3::just go to highlights from the west virginia game where he pokes the ball away at the opposing free throw line and outruns everyone on the court and nearly gives him self a concussion on the rim
gouconnhuskies3::Plus Drummond is getting defensive coaching in Connecticut, and we've lead the nation in blocks for a decade
MasterWangkee::He can dribble, pass, shoot, rebound and block shots AND he can run the floor.  He's the real deal.
gouconnhuskies3::if you just look at his stats, he's getting better every game and he's a crazy athlete for his size and weight
MasterWangkee::FAT chance.  Take a look at these Bobcats.  Drummond is the next Garnett.
lildetroitfan30::then jared sullinger.
Envy II::Andre is overhyped.
Jimdetroitfan94::Nice job Pistons. I told u the sith.
zootallday13::thanks for the double double knight
MasterWangkee::Trade Augustin for a lottery pick and draft Jeremy Lamb.  Use the top pick to draft Drummond.  Then you have Kemba, Lamb + Drummond rockin' the South.  GO HUSKIES
pistons6684::I forgot what it felt like for the Pistons to win.
cb12490::you think YOU forgot what it was like to win...I may have to wait two or three seasons from now...
sandsbum::WINNER WINNER CHICKIN f'n dinner....under 181.5
hughesn2::DANG!!! YEAH!!!! Good job 'Stones. But I am wondering if I am ever gonna witness a Pistons game (home or away) where the lower bowl is at least 75% full, I would take the UNDER on that.  But can someone please try to explain to me on why we re-signed Tayshaun?? I haven't came up with a good excuse since we signed him for a 4yr deal. Also, why did we re-sign Stuckey. Stuckey and Prince got a total of  7yrs/$52million this offseason. WHY???? Why is Joe Dumars still apart of our organization????
cb12490::tonight proves that if you ever want to feel really good about your mediocre team, play the bobcats. my goodness i miss the nba lockout.  And I'll just go ahead and insert the "YOU SUCK BECAUSE YOU'RE FROM CHARLOTTE YOU SHOULD KILL YOURSELF DERPADERPADERP" for that one troll so he doesn't have to do it himself.
sandsbum::mother F er
lildetroitfan30::if michael jordan signed with the bobcats, what would their record be?
Tigerfan198063::Nobody gives a $@%! if your bet will cover. That's all I see on these boards anymore.
Envy II::So? What does that have to do with anything? I have more important things to do
Jimdetroitfan94::You haven't been here all night, so $@%!.
Envy II::@ Hugh - You are stupid if you think the Bobcats are better.
hughesn2::Because my Pistons suck so much there is not much fun in their games ever and MJ's Bobcats are worst than us.
BilboBagings7665::Like this if your a Bobcats Fan and then kill yourself afterwords
Jimdetroitfan94::Pistons gonna hit 100?
gouconnhuskies3::I don't understand Silas. Kemba is shooting efficiently tonight.. but he keeps platooning him with Augistine... give the kid the keys when hes on.
MasterWangkee::Let's go HUSKIES
gouconnhuskies3::Last 5 minuets down 20 nothing at stake... let him run the show
klesk80::I think there is going to be a riot~~ " call security"~!!!!~
Envy II::@ 123 - Not funny. Way to stereotype a.s.shole.
123212go::Where's Envy II and the stereotype police now?
remtx79::I have. I've been there too. They all have like two teeth. Oh, and they're the home of NASCAR... nuff said... worthless rednecks.
Envy II::Ever heard of inbreed wifebeaters in North Carolina?
123212go::ever heard of the malice in the palace?
123212go::this isn't detroit...
Jimdetroitfan94::Nice job Monroe.
sandsbum::181.5 its going to be close, ive got the under
BilboBagings7665::Bobcats won't score
mjsk_g::Unbelievable!!!!!
zootallday13::the bobcats have had two games i've seen where they had to take a shot at the end of the game for the win or tie, and augusitn took both, and missed both, why not give kemba a shot? he's too clutch
remtx79::Because it's CHARLOTTE... the stupidest place in the world. I feel sorry for you if you live there.
remtx79::You're lucky. It's a horrid place full of inbreeders, wife beaters, rednecks, and other types of human scum.
zootallday13::hell no I don't live there
remtx79::You are worthless. I hope someone slits your throat in your sleep.
123212go::remtx79 should be put on terrorist watch; he seems to really hate charlotte
zootallday13::one more rebound please knight
Envy II::I can't believe the Pistons are dominating a team. Oh and btw,the Wizards need to relocate.
MasterWangkee::At some point you might see Kemba Walker starting over G. Henderson.  You lose defense but this team needs more energy and excitement on the court - the whole reason they drafted Kemba.  He's fun to watch.
cb12490::Kemba is a PG, not SG. Henderson has actually been promising at times. I would like to see Kemba assume the starting role and ship DJ off to a contender since hes actually performing well. Let young players like White, Mullens, Kemba, etc. grow together.
cb12490::that's college. this is the nba, where the average SG is about 6'6. Kemba's 6'1, and an undersized PG at that.
MasterWangkee::Walker played a ton of SG at UCONN during their championship run.
theghostlives::paul silas will never do that.
MasterWangkee::If the team is going to lose, might as well lose in style.  Kemba Walker + Augustin in the backcourt could be fun.  They need to get bench Diaw.
MasterWangkee::Why not?  Arena is dead.
zootallday13::he should be fired soon right?
