mondovino37626::here it is....Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Shamooooooooooo843906::celtics in prime form for a title run!
GBM04::When??
Road dog Red::Heck.. i was so disgusted after the Bulls loss...i forgot they were even playing last night
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
GBM04::SUCK!
Dwayne_Johnson23::You're still a bit.ch
SmokeTrees773::ANYBODY HERE
GBM04::The Pacers have to stop playing down to the opposition.
badger972::Greg's 5 blocks, 9 rebounds, 10 points, 1 assist, and a steal from the bench made the difference. Keep going, Greg!
Jdzspace::by the way, does anyone but me notice that anyone who plays alongside of Rondo magically gets better?   just saying, this is the first game where Avery scored less than 15pts since joining the starters. atleast that answers the question of "how will Rondo be when he doesn't have Ray Allen to pass to anymore"  the answer is, he will take a second year player and morph him into a 15ppg player overnight. . . . i guess that kills the whole "Rondo is only good because of the big 3" argument huh?
tigafur::Those lies put out about how rondo would crumble without the BIG 3 are being proven to be the lies they are 1st PG in 20 years to get over 10 assists in 16 straight games
yeahgodisgood::I found a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
Antsea91::I found a foot, mind if I put it up your butt?
Theoretical Noodle::Just noticed that Stiemsma only played 8 and 11 minutes vs. the Spurs and Bulls vs. 20+ minutes vs. the Heat and Pacers.   Clearly, if Stiemsma gets his minutes, Boston wins.
Theoretical Noodle::Sure would be nice to have J.Green and Pietrus though
gregembley::Go after Roy Hibbert this summer?
Jdzspace::next year my friend, next year  Rondo, Avery, Pierce,Bass, KG Dooling,Ray,Green, Pietrus,Kaman  stay tuned
Jdzspace::hello moron who doesn't know that Pierce is under contract for 3 more years, and that KG and Ray both want to come back to Boston.   sorry junior, but the players who are still getting 15-20ppg are going to be back doing it AGAIN next year  and fyi people don't go to retirement homes until they are in their 60's. . not early 30's. moron
TubbyTime334::Next Year Pierce, Allen, And KG Will move into the Retirement Home.
Theoretical Noodle::Its weird how much better they have played after losing Oneal and Wilcox.
Jdzspace::and moving KG to center, and Bass to the starting lineup, and Ray to the bench, and losing Pietrus, and moving Avery to the starting lineup.
Jdzspace::and here we sit 2.5 games out of the 3rd seed in the East. But the Pacers have only 3 games vs over .500 teams. and two of them are against the Sixers, and the other against the Bulls on the last night of a season. they could run the table and win all 11 games. they probably won't, but the C's are going to have to be damn near perfect if they hope to catch Indy. and even then, its not very likely  crazy
Theoretical Noodle::Yea Kg to Center has really made all the difference. Bass had a bad night tonight but hes usually pretty dam solid.   Still though, Bostons only bigs are Kg and a guy who was in the D-League last year. haha
Jdzspace::the real question is, can the Celtics catch the Pacers for the 3rd seed. 2 games back in the loss column. 2.5 games overall. we own the tie breaker. so if we finish the season with the same record, we got it.   we have 11 games left. . . . . man, we should have won that game vs the Spurs and the Bulls. both games we had no business losing
STR8REBEL::I never thought I would say this, but Pavlovic has played solid when given some minutes off the bench. I hope Pietrus comes back to give Boston that a wing player that can make 3's and defend. The biggest factor come playoff time is will the bench/role players run through a brick wall for #18.
Theoretical Noodle::Good thing is Boston is playing well right now. Faced the top 3 seeds in the East and the top seed in the West and could have won all 4, ill take 2-2.
Jdzspace::very true. let's hope we can keep it up.
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Jdzspace::hmmm
cheesehead1287::Terrible display of a talented team.
rajonMVProndo::Celtics are going to get the division. Philadelphia is playing like crap.
What Just Happened 9330 16.0::Fans of other teams always say that the Celtics are too old. They've been saying that the past few years yet we are in the playoffs contending all the time.
Jdzspace::you say that like there was ever a doubt. only the trolls who hate the Celtics said we weren't going to end up winning the division.   the Celtic faithful have been saying we were going to win the division from day 1. despite our slow start
Jdzspace::37pts off the bench. ... . that is why Ray is coming off the bench. plus the killer defense that Avery and Rondo tandem does.
STR8REBEL::With Avery Bradley starting he gives Boston another defender on the floor that can run the floor with Rondo.
RollThunder35::I'm guessing Pacers fans are finally coming down from thier high beating OKC.  Some fans think cuz you beat 1 team, your organization has just turned the corner.  SMH.  I just heard some dude say earlier "Pacers are an elite team."  SMH even more.
iownamicrowave::Pacers also beat Heat, Chicago, Lakers, Mavs, Boston (twice), OKC, Atlanta... pretty much every playoff team.... so it wasn't just OKC.
Theoretical Noodle::Pacers have nothing to be ashamed of, they have played 4 games in 5 nights.
RollThunder35::Not saying they do, but Pacers fans were clowning a Thunder team that beat the Clips, Wolves, Heat, Blazers, Lakers, and Bulls.  Then lost to a surging Grizz team that always poses problems to OKC, the Heat looking for blood along with officiating we can all agree was a little biased, and a Pacers team thats better than anyone thought.  i saw some guy that said cuz they beat OKC they could win it all.  Geez.  Talk about kneejerk reaction.
Jdzspace::Sasha is a girls name
celticfan9262::LOTSA LOVE BOSTON.GREAT GAME.
CandySparker::Paul Lotta Love!
Theoretical Noodle::Rajon Rondo is the 4th player in NBA history with at least 10 assists in 16 straight games in a single season, joining John Stockton, Magic Johnson and Kevin Porter. Rondo is the first player with a 16-game streak since Stockton, who had at least 10 assists in 29 straight games from Jan.-March 1992.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Rondont 12ppg 11apg lmmfao and that's elite Steve Nash numbers are similar. Dude is about 40yrs old. Sure he rebounds good for a pg he cab dish the rock. And that wait to the defender goes by than punch the ball out from behind is not playing D. He is avoid pg but not elite. At his age averaging 12ppg just shouldn't cut it dude is sh.it on offense no improvement what so ever. Lmmfao like I said a good pg but not elite.
FourLegends::Sure he can. 14 more games in a row and the record is his regardless if he were to finish the streak this yr or next. The kid is a machine.
Theoretical Noodle::I think the record was for a single season.
Theoretical Noodle::Catch who? Stockton? He cant catch him, there are not enough games left.  Its still an honor to be one of only 4 players in NBA history to achieve it.
Jdzspace::long way to go to catch him
Heater_Gooch::why is allen coming off the bench?
Theoretical Noodle::Look at Avery Bradley's +/-.   Thats why.
oreed luv his redsox::because he makes our bench better.. he could be like jason terry..
Blackpepper78::Celtics fighting strong in these tough games stretch
Dub_M89::Doc Rivers is a helluva coach, people thought he was along for the ride at first, but he's keeping the Titanic afloat right now
Blackpepper78::DOC is a really good coach
Patsfiend::Celtics are hanging in there. Hope everyone just stays healthy for the playoffs.
oreed luv his redsox::knick 28-27  bucks 28-28  who wants the bulls more;)
XCbeza::Thanks Orlando :)
oreed luv his redsox::comin on magic very close to the finish line
Michael Bibby XIV::Good win Boston  Helping my Hawks get that home court advantage.
iownamicrowave::Hawks won't pass Pacers.... I just don't see it... Could get into the 5th spot though and get homecourt over celts.
Joeflacco117::HAPPY EASTER!!! HE HAS RISEN!!
Joeflacco117::GO CELTICS!!
iownamicrowave::I'm rooting for philly because I think I would rather have the Pacers play them than Orlando...  I don't want them to beat out Celts for Atlantic
iownamicrowave::Pacers just had a really off night.... they had a stretch where they where like 0-15 in the 2nd.... good for the celtics tho, allowed them to stay in atlantic lead.
oreed luv his redsox::yess celtics gettin more breathing room!
XCbeza::hey but if Dwight keeps making his free throws you never know! aha
oreed luv his redsox::ughh i know magic suck
XCbeza::I dont know....Philly is still making a run right now
RonTuna::TIGERS 10==RED SOX 0, AS RONDO LONGS TO CONSUL HIS LOVER JOSH BECKETT WHO GOT BEAT LIKE A DRUM EARLIER
Patsfiend::Beckett is the new Lackey.
damn334::Paul Pierce after the win on comcast sports network http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFi2mx-Zq9M&amp;feature=channel
Terbmagic::I can't believe the 76ers are gonna lose...
TheHoMaster::Let's go Hawks!
Patsfiend::Whoah... a Hawks fan.
Hatchkelso808::I hope Indiana stops thinking there elite now. I think there an average team.
XCbeza::Indiana is an elite team....The Celtics just outplayed them tonight.
Patsfiend::Elite? No.
iownamicrowave::The Celtics are an average team now.... better to accept that now.
iownamicrowave::oh because they lost one to the celtics after beating okc.... celts didn't even play last night....
iownamicrowave::Those all aren't big losses.... Greene being the only significant one.  JO may have actually helped you guys ha
Doc3357::Who else has lost their starting Center(JO), 6th man(JGreene) and back-up Center(Wilcox) and is still leading their division. Gotta give Doc his credit. Big time coaching job this year.
oreed luv his redsox::finally saw blake griffin 2 monster dunks on pau..! insane lol
ghostface killa617::wasnt one of them a foul he was grabbing dwon on gasols shoulder and dunked on him the other was pretty nice not going to lie lol
oreed luv his redsox::yessss lol..epic
Vickunlovedasachild::did u see bynums reaction?
esel1000::btw id bet money than rondos flagrant gets reversed in the new few days... nba refs are a joke
yeahgodisgood::I found a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
