unknown500500::Great win Friday night for the Wolves.  should be a good game tomorrow night in Philadelphia. http://www.twolvesfans.com/forums/index.php
Zyme86::So let me get this straight. A player gets a triple double, and you get zero highlights. WD, ESPN, WD
eototalt::A player that loses doesn't get the games MVP award either...
buckydidyourmom2011::why does this article say that love "led" the team to a win?  he had a horrible second half, and shved, if anyone, clearly led the team to this win.  love sucked. zero court vision. not affected by his tummy ache
eototalt::Most players not named Jordan suck when they are sick.
David Richie::don't be so bitter
rleroy1967::MEOW!
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
Clarence2126::i told you the milwaukee does are weak and pretenders yet again. they are frauds and couldnt beat a high school team.
jeff050578::You are an idiot.
JAG145::David Stern has turned NBA into something no better than Pro Wrestling. Take back the NBA, and sign this petition to investigate him for fraud -- http://wh.gov/5kK1!
CandySparker::I love Minnesota Timberwoloves.
the departed movie theatre scene::poor bucks. can even beat the wolves without half the team. 9th seed in the east again.
Rdiu::1-7 from threes? get your $@% back into the paint and post up there !!!
SlomanOwning::K Love shoots way to many 3's
abovethelies2::OK....hmm...That's his signature shot. He's off now because of his broken hand. Relax he'll get it together...
eototalt::lol this one Barea fan started accusing Wolves fans of being racist for disliking Barea on the teams Facebook page. HAHAHA!
purple_leila::We don't like him because he is a black hole with the basketball
abovethelies2::That is pitiful....
stein.soccer::whats up with Lee? injured? sick? resting?
goldengophs91::He was injured. I think that groin or quad injury he's been dealing with kept him out
BrinyBaird024::LEE has a bad knee.
BrinyBaird024::Wolves are pimp.  Go Love.
Padger Fan::The  Bucks will finish the year at least 10 games under .500 (this is coming from a Bucks fan)......     the make up of the Bucks is a joke... we have no dominant low post presence and we have a point guard with a shoot first attitude...
abovethelies2::I agree.....I am surprised too. It shows how poorly the Bucks played...
eototalt::As a Wolves fan I was surprised we won. With the exception of Shved our guard play has been terrible. We need Rubio back bad.
Hmmrhed::Love overcomes everything -- heard that in a movie once.
EastCoastSurfing::Sorry buck fans, Indy took over the division tonight.
Clarence2126::dont be sorry, the milwaukee does suck a*s*s!
The Real Soda Popinski::God damn it sat on my nuts
BrinyBaird024::I predicted 97-89, I deserves partial credit!  GG Wolves
PorqueEstasEnojado::El Equipo mas grande de todo el NBA...pronto le regresa a Rubio
Kinga1024::how the $@%! does a PF shoot 5 for 19 no wonder why the wolves always loose their efficiency is poor
minny snowta::love never shoots great! he always shoots alot but he can rebound &amp; shoot 3s with the best of them.  tonight he had a virus and his hand is still sore but you're still an idiot for saying that and so are the 2 $@%!$@%! who liked your comment.  the wolves will get better when AK and Rubio return.
abovethelies2::Love is coming back from a BROKEN HAND...plus he's the 2nd best shooting PF behind Dirk.....Give him time he'll be ok and the Wolves will start to win more games. Not "loose" as you stated...
BrinyBaird024::with a name like kinga looks like a lbj fan that spawned about 1 month ago.
mntwinsfreak89::How can they always lose if they won tonight?
Mr. Bradford::Firstly, congrats on your triple-double Sanders, and your double-double's Pekovic and Love.   A decent showing by the Bucks tonight. Almost 50 rebounds, 15 assists and 10 steals. That ain't too bad. Same amount of 2 pointers made, and just a couple more 3's. However, the Bucks dicipline has been like shooting themselves in the feet. They allowed the Wolves 11 more shots from the line, which can add up and kill you in a hurry. Especially when you lose by 10.    Here's what I found crazy: Half of the Bucks points came from outside the paint versus inside the paint... 12 from the line, 15 from beyond and 58 from 2 point land (42 from the paint, 16 from not).You gotta spread it around guys!!  Good game, Wolves. Go Bucks!
colobr731::A decent showing? That is a joke, right?  No offense to the T Wolves (when healthy they are a good team), but without Rubio, Budinger, Roy, AK and a sick and struggling Love, this game should have been a 10 point win the other way.  Thats what bothers me, being around .500 and struggling as the perennial 9th seed in the East is acceptable to the Bucks and most of the people of Milwaukee and seemingly the players.
ozman80::No kidding. Easy buddy we gotta get KLove back feeling good and have him get his stroke back. In 2 week if we aren't beating em by 20 then cry.
Uncle Drew Gets Buckets.::Sanders tied Kareem's franchise record for blocks in a game.....damn
Clarence2126::like that really matters in a loss!
Aj13721::I remember the triple-double by Durant a few weeks ago and how much attention it got.  Sanders gets one and no one gives a crap. Lol
Clarence2126::thats because hes on an awful team, with no heart and no defense overall.
SB4LlFE::monta sucks.. lol
GoColtsGoDeViLzzz::Twolves with a win but not the kind of win I want to see.  95 pts ????  I thought when we got Love back I thought putting down 100 would be easy.  Same old Wolves .... under .500 and not doing anything much to make you think things will get easier
pandasunited::He has a point though... Sure we can blame injuries all we want but the only reason we won was because the bucks couldn't make a shot. If we had played a team with a half decent shooting night then we would have gotten killed. 11 POINTS IN THE 3RD? That is ridiculous.   Don't get me wrong, i love my wolves but they aren't looking as good as i hoped the last couple weeks with Love returning.
minny snowta::he's a hater! plain and simple!  we beat a team with a "better" record with 3 of our starters out(rubio,roy and ak) and Love and pek returning from injuries and love is sick.  and the bucks still couldn't win.  how you like them apples boy boy!!?
okamixt::He broke his shooting hand, it's gonna take some time. He missed a  bunch of wide open threes, and he was sick. Chill out.
alfredoiceman::Go Whites Go!
01AmberBock::Udrih had to be helped off the court after getting tangled with Love  -----  Dude stepped on Love's foot and turned his ankle.  Less of Love's fault then kobe bryant crashing into Rubio's knee last year.
Tyler81836::I'm out...GG Bucks...nice win Wolves!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I'm out, see you all later Gophers Basketball tomorrow!
eototalt::What happens if we trade for Pau Gasol? :O
Qazny::gasol would be pissed as a bench player, so no
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::It will be mistake. Pau is garbage
Spinozzza::Not garbage, but well past his prime.
Tyler81836::I woudn't like it, we already have Pek and Love
eototalt::agreed I was just asking
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Target Center was awesome, nice job today Wolves!
Tyler81836::Great game by Shved!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yeah, I was glad to see him playing, it didnt look like he was going to play, but hey, he's tough
Tyler81836::And Love did good for being sick
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yeah! Shved is awesome! And Pek did awesome too
Percy Starvin 12::Western Wisconsin is all right.  Eastern Wisconsin sucks because they are too Illinois for me.  As a Minnesota sports fan and TC resident I hate everything Chicago.
Tyler81836::me too lol
Tyler81836::lol
Percy Starvin 12::I think it has something to do with the White Sox..... or should I say White Sux.
Tyler81836::I won't tell anybody lol
Percy Starvin 12::It seems weird to most people.  But  I hate chicago more than wisconsin.
eototalt::I'm out! GG Bucks fans.
Tyler81836::PercyisStarvin-Awesome, usually nobody even knows where Menomonie is lol
Percy Starvin 12::I know where it is because my older brother had some hockey tournaments there. Also Stout is in  Menomonie, right?
Tyler81836::Yes, my alma mater...graduated last year
Qazny::yes
Qazny::wisconsin Stout! I almost went there. when in doubt, go to stout!
Tyler81836::Oh I probably wouldn't know then, not very familiar with SE Wisconsin
Qazny::your gonna be a blue devil!
KN_WisconsinFan::a SE Wisconsin High School
Tyler81836::Where do you go to school now?
KN_WisconsinFan::I'm attending Stout next fall
Tyler81836::Hahaha Yes! I went there!
eototalt::I am pretty sure I have been there just can't remember where it is. It sounds very familiar.
Tyler81836::About 45 minutes east of Hudson
colobr731::Anyone in the NBA want Ellis? Anyone? Please?  How overrated is that back court of Ellis/Jennings, easily one of the worst defensive pairings in the league, they very rarely actually shoot well.
colobr731::I would love that trade, but the bucks have 5 power forwards already.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::I'd take ellis
eototalt::For Derrick Williams?
slo1111::Thanks for a win Wolves.  Been waiting on that for a while.   Night everyone.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::damn when's the last time a bench player got a triple double?
colobr731::Larry Sanders is the 1st player with 10 points, 12 rebounds and 10 blocks off the bench since Shawn Bradley had 22 points, 22 rebounds and 13 blocks off the bench for the Mavericks on April 7, 1998.  It was on the recap.
eototalt::To be fair, half his blocks were probably fouls that weren't called. He was getting a long of hand and arm.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::who cares dude most blocks are give him so credit
Qazny::I was walking through spooner this summer and i saw a fat chick rolling down the sidewalk, true story.
Qazny::she was rolling on the floor too, but she wasn't laughing
eototalt::rofl
rleroy1967::FYI.  Horton Hears a Who is on FMC...RIGHT NOW!
rleroy1967::Minnesota and Wisconsin are polar opposites.  Like east coast &amp; west coast.  LMAO
Tyler81836::Slo1111-I live in Western Wisconsin, it's nice there
Qazny::aaah, dairy farmers
MAHOGMA66::75% of people in that part of Sconnie either work in the Twin Cities,or depend on that population base for their livelihoods.
KN_WisconsinFan::Just so you know, western Wisconsin is like half the state, not the couple of cities right next to the Twin Cities
slo1111::Lived in Stillwater for while, so know Western Wisconsin pretty well.  I could hang on the St. Croix river on any side of it and be happy, as long as I get MN sports.  :)
colobr731::Western Wisconsin? Thats like Iowa right?
eototalt::People live in western wisconsin? :O lol jk
Percy Starvin 12::Depends where.  Hudson is nice.  Superior is trash.
Percy Starvin 12::Menomonie is nice.  Haven't been there for awhile though.
Tyler81836::Yeah Superior sucks, I like Hudson though
Percy Starvin 12::So you can agree about   Superior?  Use to play hockey tournaments up there.  Compared to Duluth it was 3rd world.
Tyler81836::Hudson is very nice, my uncle lives there and I am there alot....I live in Menomonie though
eototalt::I am from Duluth, originally.
Archie Mannings Stray Dog::please forgive me, you guys were the victims of my hangover rant. i best be off now...
Percy Starvin 12::Tyler81836 I hope we trade him, he will have more opportunities somewhere else -- Yes.  Glad I am not the only person who thinks this.  He can definitely help another team who is in need of a young PF.
Minnysota Vikings::Oh, Minnesota sports teams aren't as good as the Illinois and Wisconsin sports teams? I guess we'll just have to settle for better standard-of-living and lower obesity rates lmao
eototalt::Don't forget better looking women. My ex was from Chicago... big mistake on that one. lol
eototalt::We all make mistakes. lol
KN_WisconsinFan::You're kinda bashing yourself with that one
Tyler81836::Actually the obesity rate and standard of living for WI and MN is about the same
eototalt::MN a little better actually.
Tyler81836::With the exception of some sports teams, I actually like Minnesota, it's a nice state, I have relatives there
slo1111::I like most of Wisconsin too, except southern part.  not enough lakes down there.
KN_WisconsinFan::I can't even fight back because I think Minnesota is a pretty good state
Qazny::and I like wisconsin cheddar
VikingsRavensMN::Reverse psychology... I;m not falling for it,,,,,
ZonaWildcats_2170::I'm pretty sad that my D.Will hasn't been playing much. But great to see him out today.  Go T-Wolves(:
Jeff49554::He's better than other playing? He hasn't proven it. And I wish he had been doing better. I'm a huge U of A fan as well, but he just hasn't played very well.
htabbach::It is tough to play with any confidence when every time you touch the ball your coach starts making bad facial expressions, it feels like Williams did something bad to Adeleman's family or something, he really hates him on a personal level.
ZonaWildcats_2170::I haven't been on because D.Will has not been playing, and yes they should trade him, or give him consistent time! Hes better than others that are playing, ....
arenal11::who exactly is Williams better than who is playing? definitely not Love.  AK? don't think so.  Howard is a possibility, but he's only been on the team a week and i'll give him another week to get in better shape and learn the schemes better before i pass any judgement on him.  As far as consistency goes, Williams is at the bottom of that list.  He's going to get spot duty all season long barring any injuries.  He just needs to do what he did tonight, rebound the ball like crazy, take good shots and make most of them, and play good team defense.  that is how he will start to earn more mpg.
eototalt::He just needs to stop it with the dumb mistakes. That is why he is in Adelmans doghouse.
Tyler81836::I hope we trade him, he will have more opportunities somewhere else
eototalt::Why haven't you been on the boards lately? lol
Archie Mannings Stray Dog::In fact, both Illinois and Wisconsin are better than MN.  Bears &gt; Vikings Bulls &gt; Wolves White Sox &gt; Twins Blackhawks &gt; Wild  Packers &gt; Vikings Bucks &gt; Wolves Brewers &gt; Twins
colobr731::Brewers and Twins both stink, Bucks and Wolves both stink. There is no NHL and well the Vikings ones are true.
Jeff49554::Did you not watch the game, tonight? And why are you here?
Jeff49554::That's the best excuse ever.
Qazny::understandable
Archie Mannings Stray Dog::I did not watch the game, and too much booze...
eototalt::The new Wild roster is better than the Blackhawks... Two Words... Parise Suter
PhilMNAP::Bucks &gt; Wolves?
PhilMNAP::Archie Mannings Stray Dog - Either way, the majority of CHI and WI teams are better than the majority of MN teams  For now.
Archie Mannings Stray Dog::Either way, the majority of CHI and WI teams are better than the majority of MN teams
PhilMNAP::Not really, Wolves are just better. Also Wild &gt; Blackhawks
Archie Mannings Stray Dog::Yeah, luck, and the venue in which the game was played, decided tonight's game.
