The_JTrain::MyteamwillbeNBAChamps  if Heat healthy, they will easily beat Bulls, Knicks and Celtics like they have the last two seasons    I will be happy as long as some team dominates the heat in the playoffs whether it is the knicks or the bulls
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::LOL that guy said easily. He can't be serious haha
The_JTrain::ridiculous
Cubfan9347::Also congrats to Deng on a great game. If he can keep this up, him and Rose will make a dangerous duo come playoff time.
Cubfan9347::Yep! I agree more and more players have been stepping up their game lately. The team is starting to mesh and it's nice to see!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Agreed. They are good. But you guys have a 3 headed monster.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::How about The Booz Cruise? 23 PPG and 12 REB in his last 7 games. And Belli/Rip have been a good Combo at the SG Position
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Between Shump and Rose anyone know who tore what?
mksatx::good job bulls
FoxKat93::Knicks fans are too serious. What happened to regular season trash talk??? Everything with you all leads to the PO. Last season everyone knew that the Bucks wouldn't beat the Heat in the PO despite sweeping the regular season, but people still said it. Honestly, I do believe the Bulls have the edge.
The_JTrain::we're too serious?  of course u do... ur a bulls fan.  Maybe they do.  I just have faith in this knicks squad.   I've see many good teams over the years.  I watched the mavricks win a title.  I think this Knicks team is similar.
The_JTrain::I think the Knicks have proven winners on their team and will go deep into the playoffs, as will the bulls.  this is all i know for sure barring serious injuries to their players of course
The_JTrain::they do
FoxKat93::I'm not talking about other teams, I'm talking about this specific match-up.  I didn't say that they were the best team, but they can be. You are the one who keeps saying this.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Heat, Spurs, Brooklyn all twice and some others. Lost some BAD ones too. The team IS legit. Always feel like they struggle with young Athletic teams, Bulls, Houston
The_JTrain::we've been injured.  you're acting as if the knicks haven't beaten some really good teams this year.  ur just convinced that the bulls will forever be the best team in the NBA.  Who knows maybe ur right?  I don't think i'm that zealous about this
FoxKat93::Yes, you are serious. And you are saying that they don't have an edge? Against the Heat, the games were closer--it hasn't been the same way against the Knicks. Each loss was worse then before with the Knicks.
iplaydrunk247::im going to end this. MELO DID NOTHING FOR THE NUGGETS, NEITHER WILL HE DO ANYTHING FOR THE KNICKS!! Vladimir Radmanovic &gt; Melo!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::ANYTHING in life &gt; you
Cubfan9347::The Knicks can't win in the playoffs because their defense is, and has been, inconsistent at best.
Cubfan9347::ha true. I actually think he'd be a nice scoring asset off the bench
The_JTrain::well ya, he would for anybody
Cubfan9347::Thibs would have kicked his $@% out after watching him play defense for a play lol
The_JTrain::I think he'd be okay considering Nate Robinson hasn't been murdered
iplaydrunk247::just imagined if the bulls still had jamal crawford?
Cubfan9347::Yeah it just seems like they aren't very well coached defensively. Kinda lackadaisical imo. If you look at the Bulls or other great defensive teams, everyone seems to know what to do and when. Except for Boozer, but not much we can do there lol. And I agree Chandler is a very good defender. I've always liked him even in his time with the Bulls.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Hopefully they improve their rotations on D and clog the lane. Tyson is not a shotblocker. Just a really good  defender.
iplaydrunk247::i was just gonna say that
ScalabrineSwag::What is up bearsblackhawksbulls2013?
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::What up bro
FoxKat93::JTrain and Yanks, you make the Knicks fanbase look bad. I've spoken to other Knicks fans and it was a civil conversation. Again, whether or not you believe you are better, point is, not against the Bulls. This is not like the Bucks vs. Heat match-up, The Bulls are a legit team.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And I NEVER said the Knicks were better than the Bulls. I said if the season stopped we have the better record and higher seed. All the rest goes out the Window. I believe we don't want to see the Bulls in the Play offs unless fully healthy but I believe the Knicks have the better chance of knocking Miami out.
FoxKat93::Yanks, I'm just enjoying the regular season. Knicks fans are the ones who is bringing up the PO because of the losses.
The_JTrain::u just made a blatant assumption
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::That's just it, all you can hold on to is the immediate match up , just like all we have is a better record. Neither is wrong. What you are missing is you are not sure if you would even play the Knicks in the play offs so what good does that 3-0 do you. But having a higher seed helps,.
iplaydrunk247::true, but the bulls have a better chance knocking both knicks and heats off the playoffs
FoxKat93::And? That has nothing to do with this immediate match-up--just trying to console yourself about the loss.
The_JTrain::whelp, I guess the knicks far out class the heat then because we've totally blown them out twice (once without Melo) but im not dumb enough to actually believe this
The_JTrain::these are regular season games.  I'm pretty sure Rose will be coming off an injury for the rest of the season....  why does it matter how they won?
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - okay, but the Knicks matchup  well against the bulls when they have their stopper.  both have extremely well rounded rosters  lol. Against the Bulls the Knicks are 1-8. The 1 was when Rose had his worse shooting night coming off of injury and the Knicks won with the buzzer beater.
The_JTrain::okay, but the Knicks matchup  well against the bulls when they have their stopper.  both have extremely well rounded rosters
FoxKat93::No, Bulls fans think the Bulls are better because of match-up and how Thibs outcoaches Woodson.
The_JTrain::what im saying is your fans are claiming the bulls are automatically better.  If that's the case then the knicks must be better than the heat this season.  I think there are a couple of contending teams and I think that until someone dethrones the Heat (or at least take their number 1 spot away) we can't say anything about who is better than anybody else. As long as this remains the case, the knicks could beat them over and over and it would make no difference
FoxKat93::I'm saying that just because the Heat beat the Bulls in the post season after they were swept doesn't mean the Knicks will do the same.
The_JTrain::what do u mean?  No, they aren't and neither are the bulls. they are different teams.  i'm just saying, as a knick fan, I don't believe that the knicks are truly better than the heat even though we've crushed them....
FoxKat93::But, the Knicks are not the Heat, are they?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Ok, that is fine. I mean we don't care if that is how you feel. Earlier you had guys talking about our players washing balls and how we want to suck Melo off. So, just like we survived, you will too.
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - who guaranteed a blow out?  does it sound like I go around guaranteeing blow outs.  I actually would have bet money the bulls would win this game  I said "You all"--that means multiple Knicks fans, but yo may have not been one of them.
The_JTrain::who guaranteed a blow out?  does it sound like I go around guaranteeing blow outs.  I actually would have bet money the bulls would win this game
FoxKat93::It's not about how I feel, but fact. You all always come on here guaranteeing blow outs and handing out excuses after the games.
The_JTrain::I am being totally civil.  did we say the bulls or bad?  I'm pretty sure that ANY knicks fan would say the Knicks are competitive this year.
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - i didn't  You have.
The_JTrain::i didn't
FoxKat93::i would believe what you wrote if you all didn't end with, "but..."
The_JTrain::we give the bulls a lot of credit.  If you'd just actually read what we write.  We know how good they are.  What's odd is that Bulls fans constantly need to prove it.  Be comfortable in ur goodness.... if that makes sense
FoxKat93::Didn't say the Knicks weren't competitive, but you all come on here with excuses rather than give credit. EVERY game, when you all lose, it's always one excuse after another.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Y-K-G-R I was talking about the best 2 players on the Bulls getting injured. Not some role players like you Knick fans have been complaining about getting injured
iplaydrunk247::y-k-g-r and the_jtrain, you guys are worst than SKIP BAYLESS!!!
iplaydrunk247::your welcome
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Thank you.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::The_JTrain  Typical Chicago fan....peep this. They brought up Felton's FG% and mocked that this is who were were waiting for? You came back and said Deng is shoooting 44% and should be higher. He comes back and says did you see the game LAST night. I come back and said the stats from a better Felton game before the hands and was told that was individual games and don't matter (but it mattered for Deng..wink*Wink)
The_JTrain::i know i know
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::JTrain we are the toast of the NBA. Back to back best records in the NBA. Made it to the ECF in 2011 and would have got back there again and maybe even Farther if Rose and Noah didn't get hurt in Round 1 last season. And we will be a top seed and Contender going into this Postseason, Yea i'd say we are the toast of the NBA
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::So we ARE using the injuries as an excuse huh?
The_JTrain::did u win a title?  who is making excuses now? didn't Rose suffer a MAJOR injury?
FoxKat93::The_JTrain really? Never seen that. In fact, I've discussed how ridiculous Bulls fans are with fans of other teams. okay, ur not proving anything.... only that u ridiculous. I don't really care about the collective knowledge or ur fan base ======== Heat fans don't count as other fans and there was an article ranking fans on b/r. When I visit other forums on espn when the Bulls aren't playing either Knicks, Lakers, and Heat fans are ridiculed.
The_JTrain::i don't talk to heat fans.  They are lost
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Wow we embarrassed the Knicks three times this year and their fans are still trying to debate who is better. This is pretty hilarious lol
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::I'm going to keep repeating out until you Delusional NYK fans get it in your "Thick" Skulls
The_JTrain::did u even read what i wrote?  Do the bulls have the best team in the NBA?  Yes or No?
The_JTrain::we don't know who is better.... all we know is that bulls fans seem to think their team is the toast of the NBA
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Know, what is hilarious is that you keep repeating yourself and who said that? We read it the first 14 times you posted it.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Only players we have from last year are Shump, STAT, Melo, Novak and Smith and Bulls' fanbase says we are the same team....lmFao. Where the Boston Fans at atleast they do their research.
iplaydrunk247::novak went downhill, what happened?
FoxKat93::Da Bulls.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::True, 4got TC
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Chandler ?
FoxKat93::Quality wise, they are the same. lol
The_JTrain::okay
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - really?  Because they appear to have more wins  That's nice--let's see how the season ends.
The_JTrain::really?  Because they appear to have more wins
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Rose &gt; Melo  Noah &gt; Chandler  And i'll even take Rip over JR.    JR is a ball hogging cancer who shrivels vs good D's just like last night and pads his #'s vs bad defenses.
iplaydrunk247::but thier facts, im not a liar
iplaydrunk247::you guys are ranked 26th in rebounds, bulls, 10th. better numbers??
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - u just cherry picked a stat.  nice work  It isn't.
The_JTrain::u just cherry picked a stat.  nice work
iplaydrunk247::belinellei &gt; novak
The_JTrain::ehhhhh
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Drose is a better SF than Melo is?
The_JTrain::this is straight opinion and Rip isn't good.  chandler has better numbers.  Rose and Melo play different positions but they are both great.  Rose is coming off a serious injury...
FoxKat93::Did I say Rip was better, I said he contributes. Learn to read. I was responding to the Rip isn't good comment. One thing is for sure, no one has ever doubted Rose's heart and hustle, where as plenty of people doubt Melo.
The_JTrain::Rip is not better than JR...   Melo puts up monster games when it matters most.  He is clutch.  I don't think u can just assume anything like that.  Kid of silly
FoxKat93::Rip contributes, which is the only thing that matters. He is not a bum. Noah is the overall better player. Noah has to split rebounding responsibilities with Boozer, Taj, and Deng. Rose has more heart and hustle than Melo. He would never let anyone take him out of the game mentally AND he would take full responsibility for his own $@%! poor performances.
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Lost to Chicago, Lost pacers, Lost to Celtics get it ? 23 wins and only 3 come from legit teams.
D.ROSE AND DOMINATED::just responding to your user name ....... he is a pimp
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler 70 % of the roster is the same, just a few more SG's and washed up vets like sheed and camby --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- THIS is exactly what I mean when I say your fanbase is just not bright or a bunch of young tools. Look at this list and where they were last year. Sheed-retired-KT/Felton-Portland, Camby-Houston, Kidd-Dallas.Copeland/white/Prigi-Overseas, Brewer-Chicago, is that enough proof how UNknowledgeable you've proven your fanbase to be?
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Bunch of scrubs, Kidd is the only legit guy there and hes 40
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::It doesn't matter. You said 70% of the roster is the same. It was an uneducated statement and you guys been doing it all day. It looks stupid because it was. Man up and accept it.
The_JTrain::Camby led the league in rebounds per minute last year.  Felton ad shumpert are clearly difference makers
FoxKat93::I'm pretty sure that Bulls fans are better respected than Knicks fans and are known to be knowledgeable.
The_JTrain::u also didn't respond to what i just said in any meaningful way, kind of proving my point.
The_JTrain::really?  Never seen that.  In fact, I've discussed how ridiculous Bulls fans are with fans of other teams. okay, ur not proving anything.... only that u ridiculous.  I don't really care about the collective knowledge or ur fan base
FoxKat93::We don't listen to reason. I'm pretty sure I've heard and read from other fans and commentators say how great the fans are and how knowledgeable they are about the game. OTOH, Knicks fans are ridiculed.
The_JTrain::ya i don't think so... this is pretty hard to prove tho.  Ur fans don't listen to reason.  We aren't saying the knicks ARE better, just that they could be.  You're absolutely 100% positive that ur team is best in the NBA.... which is definitely isn't
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Nobody fears Sheed, Camby, or Felton! Okay are you guys flat out stupid? LOL
D.ROSE AND DOMINATED::i can't belive melo trying to play deng for a sucker... he locked your bi.tch as$ up in that first half melo and ruined your chances of getting a win
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Raymond Felton is shooting 39% from the field this year. And was 9-30 and 9-21 in his two games vs the Bulls this year! YUP he's going to turn the Knicks around lol
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::ha what a shocker another excuse from a New York Knick fan
The_JTrain::how is this an excuse.  'm not excusing losses..  I'm saying Felton's shooting was pretty good before he started playing through injuries to his hands.  It might be a coincidence but i doubt it.  I watched Felton play for several years not.  He's a good player and he also leads our team in assists.  without him our options become limited
The_JTrain::injured his hands.  Prior to that he was shooting about as well as Deng.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::The_JTrain again, how many times have u beaten the heat in the regular season now?  Once again that's Miami, the defending NBA Champs. You guys are the NY Knicks a team that has been losers year in and year out and has only won 1 playoff game in 12 seasons stop bringing up other teams
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Is your roster in a position to beat a team that has completely owned you 3x this season? Absolutely NOT
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - they are more talented and potentially better overall... we'll see  Potentially--lol. Not against Bulls defense.
The_JTrain::they are more talented and potentially better overall... we'll see
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - when healthy, I think they definitely could.... i think they are more talented  Talented, yes. Better team overall, no. Next argument.
The_JTrain::when healthy, I think they definitely could.... i think they are more talented
FoxKat93::"But, but, the Heat did." - JTrain  lmfao.
iplaydrunk247::knicks most worst lost was against lakers and kings!
The_JTrain::who did we lose to last year in the playoffs?  Was it the defending NBA champs?  I believe so.  Is our roster finally in a position to do something good?  I think so.  you might not but that's ur opinion
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - what excuse?  These are facts and opinions.  No excuses..  Before last year, why didn't the Knicks record a playoff win? What's your excuse?
The_JTrain::what excuse?  These are facts and opinions.  No excuses..
FoxKat93::What was the excuse before that?
Franco2187::deng needs to get some more love , hes played great defense last 3 years and really steppued up the offensive game this year hope he gets voted to all start game
FoxKat93::Knicks fans, whether or not you agree with us, we do have braggin rights in this series. Your team can't even the series and one win isn't going to change that either. It will either be 4-0 or 3-1. The Bulls' have your favorite team's number. Get over it.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Not a single one of us disagree that you are owning us now. You guys are talking about beating us in the play offs etc. We agree Rose is HUGE when he returns. The Knicks have more than 1 player returning and as of right now we would have a better seed. You guys swept Miami, what happened. PROOF that it doesn't matter in the play offs.
FoxKat93::Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers - No crying in Basketball.  Well, then why are you the one with the red eyes and all of the used tissues???
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::No crying in Basketball.
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - is this an excuse or no  Explanation.
The_JTrain::is this an excuse or no
FoxKat93::Rose was injured as well as another crucial player. The huge difference is that you all do not have LBJ and the refs in your pocket. You all are beatable in the playoffs too.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::"100 year olds Sheed and Camby and Felton/Shump will make us go from not beating Chicago once to beating them 4 times in a 7 game series!"  - Delusional Knicks fans
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Felton? lol Rose is wayyy better than that ballhog
D.ROSE AND DOMINATED::if i remember correctly it was felton that had a brain explosion last game against the bulls anw went something like 4 from 27
The_JTrain::Felton and Shumpert make a major difference
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Sheed and camby cant even play 2 games a week, there so washed up
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::The_JTrain we beat you last season when out roster was much worse.... ur beatable.  Yea in a complete Meltdown game by the Bulls we were up 10 with 3 minutes to go and we had a rare letdown. If it wasn't for that FLUKE game the Bulls would have beaten the Knicks 8 times in a row. Talk about DOMINATION
The_JTrain::so it was just a fluke?  I don't know.  It looked like Melo stepped up and shumpert erased rose late in the game.  Do u know what our roster looked like last season?
The_JTrain::did jeremy lin play in the playoffs?
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Did you forget jeremy Lin, the guy who kept yall in the play off hunt ?
The_JTrain::ur kidding right?  Our starting pg is now raymond felton.  Our Pg's last year were Baron davis and mike bibby....  We added kidd as well.  We had one solid back court player last year when shumpert blew out his knee
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::70 % of the roster is the same, just a few more SG's and washed up vets like sheed and camby
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::We all know how the story ends,  Knick's start to lose and they all go in ISO mode.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Exactly they are so predictable
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::they run a 4 play offense of course there predictable, sad but true.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::The Bulls had the Best record in the league the last 2 years with Rose and the only MAJOR player they lost was Asik. When Rose comes back they will be right at the top again and the Knicks will be below us. LOL talking about being better when they haven't even beat us once this season in 3 meetings. Beat us for once then talk
iplaydrunk247::the knicks looks like honey nut cheerios lol
iplaydrunk247::lol knicks are over rated period
The_JTrain::we beat you last season when out roster was much worse.... ur beatable.
The_JTrain::okay well i think ur starting to understand that head to head matchups in the regular season mean next to 0
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - again, how many times have u beaten the heat in the regular season now?  Hmm...you are basing this off of one playoff series. It would be different if there were multiple, but there isn't. Try again--the sample size isn't big enough.
The_JTrain::again, how many times have u beaten the heat in the regular season now?
FoxKat93::That was once in 7 tries. You can't win them all. lol
FoxKat93::Even then, it's too late. The series will be 3-1.
rosebeckham::As long as melo is on the knicks they arent going anywhere
rosebeckham::so being in the WCF one time makes him a winner?
The_JTrain::it clearly means he generates wins for his team
rosebeckham::nothing but a glorified stat padder
The_JTrain::2009 i believe so not that long ago
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - he's been to the WCF. He's clutch.  he generates wins.  Ur not makign much sense here  How long ago was that?
The_JTrain::he's been to the WCF. He's clutch.  he generates wins.  Ur not makign much sense here
The_JTrain::mhm why?
Franco2187::lol  anthony my poor shooting had nothing to do with dengs  good defense. what a joke, knicks arent going anywhere, they got beat by the blls 3 times without rose
FoxKat93::Knicks fans don't know what the phrase "on paper" means. The Lakers look good on paper, but what is ther record again???
Franco2187::they have 5 all stars s starters 3 HOF at least and cant win
The_JTrain::the lakers would be good if Dwight and Pau were the same players they were.  they also have no bench.  They have four good players and then a $@%! and half a sandwich on the bench.  The knicks  have a good record, the lakers don't.... why are the lakers in the conversation?
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - do the knicks have a good record?  Yes  That wasn't your original argument, now was it? You said that the Knicks were better because they looked good on paper.
The_JTrain::do the knicks have a good record?  Yes
FoxKat93::Because they are a team that looks good on paper.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::That's dumb. The lakers have a coach that is a speedball coach and not the players to match. PLEASE try again.
FoxKat93::Train said the ROSTER looks good on paper, I'm only going with his argument, so no, I was correct.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::^ BINGO
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::The_JTrain I think the knicks squad is better when healthy, yes. this much is clear just by looking at the rosters.  Well how about you guys be competitive for once vs us instead of thinking you can beat us 4 times out of 7. In fact the Knicks never lead once in both those games at MSG! lol
The_JTrain::I think the knicks beat good teams on a very consistent basis and success in the playoffs has zero to do with head to head matchups.
FoxKat93::Also, Yanks, Bulls fans never use Rose as an excuse when they lose. I've been on just about every board and they always place blame on those on the court not the one who isn't.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::The very second someone says "wait until rose gets back" THAT is the excuse. We don't even dispute it in the long run. It's when we say Felton, Shump, Wallace, STAT then  we get told to not use that as an excuse.
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - they aren't that dominant right now....  Well, they are dominating the Knicks.
The_JTrain::they aren't that dominant right now....
FoxKat93::I'm pretty sure the person was saying, "Wait until Rose comes back, the Bulls are going to be even more dominant." There's a difference. ;-)
The_JTrain::k
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::rosebeckham shumpert was garbage before the injury, so with your logic what does that make him now? ------------------------------------- Now every intelligent Bulls fan here, please inform this guy how bad he makkes the rest of you look.
rosebeckham::miss the game last night buddy?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And he will shoot like that EVERY night is what you are saying....ok we get it.
rosebeckham::40%fg yea hes good
The_JTrain::what are melo's averages for FG and 3 point shots
FoxKat93::The_JTrain - is anybody here getting pumped about his offense?  Who cares?  Deng shoots like 44%  What did Melo shoot last night?
The_JTrain::is anybody here getting pumped about his offense?  Who cares?  Deng shoots like 44%
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Well how does your fan base look when we have beat you 3x and CRUSHED you twice in MSG and your fans still think they are better. LOL
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::How is your back court diffrent ? Kidd ? Brewer ? 36  years old rookie ?
The_JTrain::the roster is completely different?  Last year our only backcourt player ended up being Mike bibby
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::what makes you think that ? 1 play off win last season ?
The_JTrain::I think the knicks squad is better when healthy, yes.  this much is clear just by looking at the rosters.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::So, you DON'T know what I mean....mark you on the list with him.
FoxKat93::The two remaining Knicks fans on here are clowns. Whether or not you have a more talented bench, the Bulls execute better as a team and Thibs is a better coach. Thibs seems to get more out of role players than Woodson gets out of his players. Every Bulls player buys into the system.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Who has the better record? You have the better coach we agree.
FoxKat93::Is the season over yet??? We only have one loss less than you all.
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Let them enjoy there 23 wins because the season is not over and there record will dip by the end. Celtics will most likely win the division again.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::EXACTLY
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Knicks Roster. T.C., STAT, Melo, Shump, Felton.  Bench-Kidd, Smith, Brewer/Novak- Wallace, Camby. Deeper? Copeland, White, Prig and Thomas. Please show us the DEEPER Bulls team.
The_JTrain::the bulls team isn't deeper.... this much is obvious.  they also have less championship experience and less overall talent even with rose in the lineup
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Sheed = OLD  Camby = OLD  Felton = Ball hog who struggles like crazy vs the Bulls. Just look at his previous games  Shump = Rookie last year who is by no means even close to as good as Rose  Stop using injury excuses Knick fans when our former MVP hasn't even played 1 game this season
The_JTrain::nobody cares if the MVP comes back and isn't himself.  It's going to be more of a struggle integrating him back in than you think.  ur also going to give kirk hinrich and nate robinson heavy minutes because u can't just ride rose
The_JTrain::do u think that's going to work in the playoffs?
FoxKat93::Aren't they already playing heavy minutes with him out???
The_JTrain::I look at these lineups and the knicks appear more talented, deeper and more experienced  Felton            Rose Kidd               Rip Shumpert     Deng Melo              Boozer Tyson            Noah JR                   Kirk Sheed            Taj prig                 Nate Novak            Belineli Camby Amar'e
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::You Forgot about Tibs and the style and discipline his teams have. Compared to the Ball hogging and undisciplined Knicks style of play. Plus Bulls D is much better!
The_JTrain::the knicks shared the ball better than any team in the NBA before their assist leader went out.
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Knick's playbook  1. Melo ISO 2. Jr ISO 3.melo/JR/Felton    Drive into the the paint and kick out for 3 4. Chandler pick n roll or alley  tell me im wrong
The_JTrain::ur absolutely incorrect
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::lol we crushed them twice in their HOUSE without the 2011 MVP and they still think they are better LMAO. Yea like 40 year old Sheed, Camby. And PG's Felton/Shump are going to turn the Knicks from not being able to beat Chicago once to beating them 4 times in 7 games. HAHA!
rosebeckham::shumpert was garbage before the injury, so with your logic what does that make him now?
The_JTrain::was he?  or was he one of the top perimeter defenders in the NBA... a taller version of avery bradley
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Again, your intelligence shines VERY dull...Head to head, yes....O-V-E-R-A-L-L? not so sure about who is better when both are fully healthy.
FoxKat93::Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers - Team  False. lol.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Team
FoxKat93::Team or player?
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::What? Rose had a 32 point 12 Assist game vs Shump last year. WTF do you mean lock him down? LOL
The_JTrain::and shumpert erased him late in the game.  c'mon, you watched it.  JVG was raving about shumperts presence
The_JTrain::actually it could considering Shumpert could lock down rose.  Also you have no idea how good the "2011 MVP" will be?  Do you honestly believe that he will be exactly the same player?
The_JTrain::ya, clearly
FoxKat93::You mean the injured Rose? lol
FoxKat93::The_JTrain is just like Melo and Woodson, sore losers. Give credit where it is due and stop making excuses--it's unbecoming. A healthy roster of the Bulls &gt; healthy roster of the Knicks. This is no debate.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Are you serious?
FoxKat93::What is there to disagree with? Iman will improve your defense, but Rose will improve our offense. Thibs is still tightening the defense, which is already stellar.
The_JTrain::why isn't it a debate?
FoxKat93::Look at the facts. The Knicks don't have an answer for the Bulls. Your team struggles against the Bulls--every time you all shoot under season average and don't get the favorable shots like you all do on other teams.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::The WORST people are Chi. fans. Worst than Philly, Boston even.  You guys are the ONLY ones that are stupid enough to tell us the future before it happens. No one else uses a missing player as an excuse but won't let anyone else say it. I only say stupid because you all have powers but are using it to predict games rather than winning the lottery.
FoxKat93::What? We aren't using Rose as an excuse for anything. If we lose we lose, no excuses, but we do believe that the Bulls will improve with the addition of Rose. The Knicks will improve as well, but Rose's presence will be greater than Iman and the other players.
The_JTrain::iman+Felton is a huge part missing from our team...this much is obvious
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Man please don't jump in this convo without scrolling down. It's all over the boards
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::3-0 vs you guys and you still think your better. Who is the delusional fans again? lol
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Where did you see me say that? I didn't. Redskins SWEPT the Giants last year. Doesn't matter if we don't meet in the play offs. Head to head means nothing unless we end tied.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::The_JTrain Actually I have seen this bulls roster play with rose.... The knicks have the pieces to do it. This isn't debatable. I think the bulls will struggle mightily trying to center their offense around rose again.  lol you can't be serious? Rose is MUCH better than Kirk or Nate and Rose will just make everybody better on offense since Defenses will focus so much attention to him. With the Bulls Excellent Defense and their "Closer" coming back the Bulls will handle the Knicks in a 7 game series and I don't care what you Homer Knick fans say. 3-0 speaks  volumes
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::That's the Heat a Proven playoff team who has two of the top 5 players in the NBA. Sorry Melo and JR are both not good enough to play "ISO" ball vs the Bulls and win. and the Bulls know how to take away the 3 from you guys
The_JTrain::so ur saying Tyson is good at the Pick n roll?  Because he is.  Especially with Felton in the lineup.  We don't play isoball when our leading assist man is in the game.
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Dont forget Tyson " i only pick n roll " chandler
The_JTrain::did it speak volumes when u swept the heat in the regular season?
FoxKat93::Did the Bulls depend on Nate last night for offense??? lol. Get it together. You don't know the Bulls' offensive schemes so don't pretend to.
The_JTrain::and u lost pieces in between and are now relying on Nate Robinson to create offense.  You can't just say. "when rose is healthy we will dominate" because u have no idea how this injury will effect his game.  He is going to have to change his playing style entirely
FoxKat93::Rose wasn't healthy and everyone from that year has stepped up as well.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::LOL cmon J_Train the Knicks have only won 1 playoff game in 12 years. Are you really going to say just wait for the Playoffs like the Knicks are a Dynasty? The NYK are an unproven team who you would think would try to prove themselves in this regular season that they are Elite and by getting crushed by this Bulls team twice at MSG isn't helping their case
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Losing to a very good bulls team means everything but not beating the heat 2 times, Spurs 2 times, Lakers, just to name a few.
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Think about this, the knicks are waiting for shumpert and the bulls for Rose.  Who will be the better team ?
The_JTrain::Sheeds coming back in two weeks... so that's a nonissue. Camby didn't see heavy minutes until shed went down.  They aren't as important as Felton or Shumpert
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Felton  i understand forgot about him, but Amare is done, so is 41 year old camby and sheed. Those guy will be injured all season long.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::The Knicks are waiting for Amar'e to get back to form. Wallace, Shump, Felton and Camby. Get it now?
The_JTrain::the knicks are waiting for their starting PG as well. Also, you realize Melo hasn't played 7 of our games
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Yes and you've also never seen the Bulls this season with their Superstar former MVP who they were 92-26 with the last 2 seasons. Chances are the Bulls improve DRAMATICALLY and while the Knicks may improve it won't be enough to beat the Bulls 4 times in a 7 game series
The_JTrain::Actually I have seen this bulls roster play with rose....   The knicks have the pieces to do it.  This isn't debatable.  I think the bulls will struggle mightily trying to center their offense around rose again.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::and how does 3-0 including 2 dominating wins at MSG without the 2011 MVP not indicate anything? IK your a die hard Knick fan but give it up bro. The Bulls are clearly better and everybody outside of NY knows that
The_JTrain::ur not understanding what im saying...I don't think many people are saying that because head to head match ups in the regular season mean nothing.  The knicks also have a better record and while the Bulls have lost rose, we have had freak injuries to our young players over the course of this season.  ur assuming wayyyy too much.  You've never even seen a healthy knicks roster this season
The_JTrain::again, what about the knicks rebuilding over the last couple of years gives u any indication about their post season success this season?  U can say they are unproven (although they have two title winners on the team) but if they are unproven that means u have no idea how good they can be
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::and J-Train D FKIN Rose the 2011 MVP isn't playing right now. I don't want to hear Lame a$$$ excuses from Knick fans. 3-0, We just have and always will OWN you, get used to it
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Do you not watch the games? The Bulls Completely OWNED the Knicks twice in MSG with Melo and without the 2011 MVP. What more proof do you need? The Bulls are a NIGHTMARE match up for you guys and would handle you in a 7 game series
The_JTrain::again, don't really care about regular season head to head matchups.  i don't think u have any idea if the bulls would win a seven game series against a healthy kicks squad and u have 0 clue how u match up with them with a full roster
The_JTrain::no one cares. both teams have injuries.  I don't think the team with the inferior record is owning anyone
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::lol Y-K-G-R Bailed after I destroyed him in my argument of why the Bulls are better than the Knicks. I mean how delusional are Knick fans? I mean asking  how are we better when we crushed them twice in MSG and they had Melo for both those games.  hilarious haha
The_JTrain::lol, ur not better.  You think ur better but have a worse record.   Our starting back court isn't playing right now... don't be ridic
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::2 games back without the 2011 MVP and had a let down game against the inferior Bucks. We've crushed you twice in MSG the Bulls are clearly better use your head man. 0-3 and you think they could win a Playoff series against Chicago while they add the 2011 MVP come April? HAHA Keep dreaming
iplaydrunk247::lol he was tellin me we lost more games than the knicks (true) but by 1!!!!! and hes all amazed by it lmao
The_JTrain::u know what's hilarious?  how ur claiming to be better when ur record is clearly worse and ur coming off a loss to milwaukee...
FoxKat93::So, you lose to bad teams too?
The_JTrain::we beat good teams on a consistent basis.
iplaydrunk247::but we own you guys, dont use another team as an excuse to talk about your team
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::"God damn it!" Why didn't I come to a real team like the Chicago Bulls?"  - Carmelo Anthony
bears2tough::Sometimes people get what they deserve
bears2tough::Why didn't Carmelo take Woodson and security  to wait for Deng last night?
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::He was spotted near the Bulls Bus!! LMAO
bears2tough::Probably wishes he was on a team with at least a chance for postseason success.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers Then by that logic, how are you getting past Mil. they are 2-0 against you.  Difference is they barely won both those games and we didn't have the 2011 MVP. and we are 2-1 not 2-0. You guys have had Melo in both games at MSG and we have still OWNED you guys. The Bulls are clearly better and you know that. Stop acting as if the Knicks are going to turn it up a notch in the Playoffs like they are Winners year in and year out.
bears2tough::Y-K-G-R had to go to K-mart to buy some underwear, being rain man and all
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Bulls in the Playoffs  VS MIL: Sweep  VS NYK: Bulls in 5  VS MIA: Bulls in 7
bears2tough::Fault in your logic is Knicks haven't won a first round series in 13 years
bears2tough::Maybe not
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And that means that the Knicks NEVER will.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Because we are better. Our D does really good against 3 point shooting offenses and "ISO" offenses plus Rose will only make us better since we are already 3-0 vs you guys
bears2tough::Bulls 1-2 against Bucks but don't let facts bother you, they haven't yet
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Then by that logic, how are you getting past Mil. they are 2-0 against you.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::What?? We always own you guys lol. You'd be lucky to win 2 games against us in a Playoff series
bears2tough::Felton being hurt
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::No I mean THIS year what makes you think that?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::OH, OK EVERYONE watch this. What makes you think you guys can beat us in a series?
