Chris Arbos::Remember when the Knicks thought they could beat the Heat and win a title....LOL
Shaun Mitts::Remember when we really dont care.
Seal Rchin::I do and those were the days, Alan Houston, Spreeeeeewell, Charlie Ward, Larry Johnson, Alonzo Mourning, Tim Hardaway............man oh man.
Eric Dorsey::down 1, and melo goes for a 3....this is why the team is 10 games below .500
Shaun Mitts::u do know that melo had to run through the entire full court and trevor ariza  was hounding him
Shek Leone::hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahaha
Josh Don::Whats so funny?
Mike Monroe::The knicks are some trash, they would make a decent D league team.
Craig Meads::The Dallas Cowboys of the NBA strikes again, two terrible franchises lead by idiot owners, bad coaches and selfish players.
Tony Montgomery::HEY NOW. Dallas is mediocre. This Knicks team is an abortion.
Bill Dwyer::can we all agree that jr smith hasnt been the same player ever since that STOOPID elbow to Jason Terry last year in the playoffs? Its like he turned into a diff player right after that STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPID decision. and before I forget, melo is a ballhog and will never win a ring unless its playing 2nd fiddle on another team that has a lebron or Durant.
Seal Rchin::Well there's also a knee surgery that Smith had after the elbow. BTW did you just now realize that Melo does not pass the ball?
Bill Dwyer::Seal Rchin no I always knew bout melo not passing. cannot believe the knicks let last years magic evaporate so quick. ya, smith screwed up the surgery too as he had it too late in the summer. dunce.
King Jaffe Joe::Is that the same Durant who is second fiddle on his team and when he lost his wingman got smacked around by the grizzles. Just curious if that's the one you're talking about?
Cashis' King::Lmao......and James Dolan thinks this team is gonna win a title this year.....LLLLLMMMMMAAAAOOOOOOO....I can't breathe.........
Seal Rchin::All jokes aside you do realize that as recently as 5-6 years ago Dolan was in rehab for alcohol and drug abuse. This is a grown man who has real issues.
Beau Coit::Seal Rchin Then why the heck is he running an NBA franchise?
Seal Rchin::Beau Coit Because daddy created Cablevision.............he inherited every penny of it.
Kurt DePoy::ESPN updates the final score 104-102. Win! Hell no, they change it 2 min later to a loss. Well done.
Seal Rchin::Glad i was not the only one to see that.
Shaun Mitts::Please Fire Woodson, He didnt even tell players to  use the Foul we had to give on the last possesion, he didnt call a timeout.   Woodoson has no IQ what so ever. please for the love of god . its so hard being a knick fan
Kevin Wilson::Try being a wizards fan...
Rashid Frederick Alvarado::melo will take his talents to south beach and announce worldwide his decision on live tv after this season lmao! I'd pay tickets to see that eventxD.
Seal Rchin::Dude he is not good, he just scores a lot because he takes a lot of shots. Look at guys like Dwight Howard and KD and others...........i am not even bringing up LBJ............they are far more successful than he is. Howard by himself went to NBA Finals, Melo has been outside of first round 2 times.
José Hyland::Seal Rchin   Melo is averaging 26 and 10 this season, and he had 4 blocks today. Dwight Howard isn't even a top 3 center in the league, his game is 100% athleticism. His career will be over in 3 years. Dwight isn't as successful as Anthony because Anthony always been in the playoffs, a few of his Denver teams were better than Dwight. Dwight the last 3 seasons has been trash compared to his prime. Melo finished top 3 in MVP voting last season, Dwight was a disaster in LA and will soon be one in Houston.
Seal Rchin::José James Pérez Hyland OK..........Dwight was in FINALS, Melo left 1st round two times. Dude i am telling you a fact that Dwight is more successful, yet you telling me that a guy who went how 8 times after the first round is more successful.
Steven Rivera::Woodson needs to realize JR is not a STARTER!!! Mr Potato head needs to give THjr more minutes!
Floyd Hicks::U r right he does look like Mr potatoe head, coach like one too.
Alistair Hassall::Disgusting end of the game for the knicks.  Do the hard work to get back in the game then throw it away.
Peter Lee::Knicks either need to get rid of the coach or get rid a bunch of players and send them to D-League
Dishant Patel::Melo running 3 poiont jumper? wtf? they didnt have timeout?
Andrew Krastins::They had three left on the table...Woodson must think he can roll 'em over to the next game.
Dishant Patel::Andrew Krastins LMAO what a stupid coach. 6 secs left beal makes the lay up and you dont take a timeout wtf? What in the world was he thinking in that potato head? lol I am a Heat fan and i feel sorry for knicks fan ...JUST LMAO
Ken Ferriello::Andrew Krastins He saving them for next week when he gets fired.  Or maybe he will use them to put Dolan in timeout when he is bad.
Steven Anacker::Amare Studebaker is pretty painful to watch these days.
Ken Ferriello::Had a bad night but he has been shooting well. Shot 67% over the last 7 or 8 games.
Melvin Hall::John Wall to good
Jack Huang::LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO Yeah the Knicks lost again, yeah baby, yet again they proof why they are the worst team in the NBA.  Hahahahahahahahhhhahahahahahahahha.......... (deep breath.......) hahahhahahahahahahahahahah
Sean Gallagher::The ball weighs more than you.
Joel Glenn Friedman::wow you have a lot of time on your hands. the knicks may have lost but the real loser is you jack
Rashid Frederick Alvarado::Joel Glenn Friedman lmao I laugh when people argue on espn boards.
Montrovious P. Hirschenweiser::You could tell from the beginning of the 4th Quarter that the Knicks would lose. They weren't playing "winning" basketball. Carmelo was a black hole as usual, little ball movement, all-around selfish play.  Funny thing is that the Knicks gave JR Smith a ton of money, and then he proceeded to stink up the joint.
Mark Sugimoto::Just like the new Jordans commercial. Melo takes off his Jordans and leaves the arena a loser. Carmelo should not ever be in the same conversation with MJ. Not a leader, no defense, and will NEVER lead this team or any other to an NBA title.
Josh Don::Another dick head..sorry but j.r had 18. Please stop breathing
Josh Don::@Mark sugimoto ummm melo is the reason the knicks had a chance to win the game.
Floyd Hicks::Woodson u gave away another one. U left Amar'e out there to long, u left Beno on Beal, and did'nt use the foul or the time out. Did Melo know he had a time out? Did u tell him to call a time out? I just like to know why a time out was'nt called.
Ken Ferriello::Sure he knew. They had a couple  timeouts left. I don't know what he was thinking. I guess he left it up to Woodson to call the time out. Why didn't Woodson call a timeout!!. Whatw as he thinking??
Shaun Mitts::woodson has to be dumb IMO. why would u switch on that possession?  if shump was on beal. best believe he wouldnt be open. another reason why woodson needs the boot.
Raymond Bermea::The Knicks are gonna win their third straight home game and three out of their last four. Wizards are kind of banged up. Carmelo's gonna go off for like 40, 12, and 5. And Amar'e will do some contributing, too. Like 17 and 7. Prediction: Knicks 109, Wizards 102.
Frank Kim::Scoreboard
Adam Youman::just give up hope already the knicks suck
Ian Melendres::that was just hilarious haha
Ikenna Nwaghanata::The volume of shots that Melo creates without tuning the ball over is ridiculous. Very underrated aspect of his game.
Ken Ferriello::Now if he could just be more consistent.  He is a beast some nights and other nights he just misses too many shots.  Had a good game tonight.
Floyd Hicks::Players ain't to smart and neither is the coach, especially if he expects his players to be smart. Shameful.
Montrovious P. Hirschenweiser::***Players aren't TOO smart....  Just thought I'd help you with the grammar. "To" and "too" are tricky sometimes to distinguish.
Floyd Hicks::Thanks did'nt think it would matter on this board. Spelling, grammar mine is horrible, but u do get the point.
John Byron Brooks::Beal and Webster hit some tremendous shots, but the final 6 seconds were inexcusable.
Josh Don::I dnt understand how every team goes nuts at the garden.  Its like the NYK r cursed
Paul Sharpe::Carmelo Anthony:  where the ball goes to die, NEVER to be passed again...
Craig Meads::Um, yeah it's been that way for several years now. I've never understood why people loved him so much?
Marcus Grein::3 assists per game? 3 BIG assists last night.
