sinatrascue::lol nets gonna surpass the knicks
rockndoc2::I'm a Cavs season tix holder and see every game.  Last nights was a stinker.  It was like the guys shot their emotional wad against the Knicks.  They were out worked and  outplayed, plain and simple.
mypuppy747::Go Cavs. Kyrie for ROY
nsmithNYC::Rubio has no shot if Kyrie keeps his stat line where it is.
Sabu_hsg21::Sorry no ROY for Kyrie it is all Ricky Rubio!
i liked this comment::.
u2rocksme::Pathetic teams...
MRNYBOY2009::marson brooks, brook lopez a first round pick for eric gordon and kamen, sound good to me
thebighallbowski2369::You must be a Hornets fan. If not, you must be insane.
RayKrebbs1978::The Cavaliers looked bad tonight.  It may have been one of their worst performances of the year.  The final score is way to deceiving.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_19
J-SMOOVE2019::Deron Williams is a damn beast.  The Nets need to go all in for Dwight so they can keep the best pg in the game on their team.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNKNu4j_y1Q
1mproperDancing::Since when did Chris Paul play for the Nets?
Giggityiggity::So.. just got home from work.  I didn't get to watch the game much but GD, Kyrie... I wish you had some teammates to pass to as well!  I said before that he could average 25 a night if he wanted but I never would have expected him to go off the way he did in the 4th against D-Will.  Ball hard, Kyrie.  Ball hard.  Also, GG Nets fans.
sa330206::So did we just waste that draft pick to let Thomas rot away on the bench?
KingGeorge53::coming back from a sprained ankle would be my guess in this game.
DirkNowitzki4President::Derron Williams  -----------------------&gt; To the Dallas Mavericks    Summer 2012 Free Agency!!!!!!!!!
Eddie_Z8::Kyrie Irving dare I say next supers***?!?!
KingGeorge53::possible.   But this time around, I want a basketball player, not a dude who's biggest goal is to be a guest on SNL.
NFL _Junkie::The Cavs would be the 8th seed in the East right now at 7-11. I guess that is what happens when u let 16 out of 30 in.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::It sucks how there is never a perfect playoff system for all years.
KingGeorge53::true.     There was the idea a few years ago to put the best 16 teams in regardless of the conference.    In the 90s that would be more from the east, in the 00s that would be more from the west.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::I know this starts a slippery slope, but I do believe a statistical analysis should be a part of the equation, which also means a different number makes it each year. That would never happen, but at least it would get rid of a lot of the early-round romps that happen half the time.
KingGeorge53::I remember thinking how it ruined the game when they started any kind of PO system.     I always thought the best two teams at the end should play each other.    However, after about 50 years of watching all 3 sports, realize more teams in the PO keeps more fans interested and helps to generate more $ for those teams.
KingGeorge53::We don't want it.    And have you noticed, MLB and NFL is approaching the same status.
goindians245::what is the song played during "final take" at the end of cavaliers live???
KingGeorge53::Good question.   I wonder if it's on the Cavs.com site?
Fullserenity::Man just got home from the game.  That was some show Kyrie put on in the 4th, WOW.  He needs to be that aggressive out the box to try and set the tone for the team early.  When he's not aggressive the Cavs just pass the ball around the perimeter and settle for a lot of jumpers.  D-Will set the tone early and that was pretty much the difference.  They missed a lot of open looks today, and some layups.  Jamison had a bad, and sadly key missed layup late.    I watched Gee today, he needs to develop that pull up jumper after he beats his man and before he gets to the second line.  It's always there for him.
KingGeorge53::The problem w/o an aggressive SG and/or SF in the Princeton O is what you saw tonight.     The P O  can propel a lesser team to victory due to it's passing skills and RUNNING or MOVING w/o the ball.      I've seen your posts Fullserenity and if I'm not mistaken, you understand the basics of this offense.    After the 1st or 2nd option isn't there, the ball must continue to move around the perimeter, but it ALSO should have a cutter as each pass goes around.
KingGeorge53::And... when the Cavs look strong as they sometimes do, the pick and roll or pick and pop can work out well.    I get the most aggravated when I see them standing in the same spot passing the ball around.     Even more so when they toss the ball to the PF/C in the corner w/o any cutter.  However, I've gotta say, it looks good to see them attempt some kind of offense.   It's been almost a decade now since we've seen one.    Last year they tried it until Mid-Dec. when Scott realized those players then were too use to the James ISO play as it's sole offense.
Fullserenity::Yeah, that's what I'm saying.  Not only do the Cavs just pass the ball around the perimeter, they're a few feet beyond the 3 pt line.  No cutters, if just moves around the perimeter.  If they're running the Princeton offense there should be cutters, back doors along the baseline.  Also they fall in love with the pick and roll with Varejao rolling, and teams are getting their hands on those passes.
KingGeorge53::then again, some nights the ball falls down when Kyrie does dish it to the cutter, some nights the cutter just runs into the defender that leads to a dunk on the other end.     Growing pains.  It WAS good to see Tristan back out on the floor.
joe kj2::Nets are going to takeover this town and make Craig Carton kiss the Nets feet.
thebighallbowski2369::Billy King, keep working those phones. When Lopez gets back they should be better. Still, outside of D-Will, Lopez and Marshon they need help.
netsbucs::what my comment is gone did u CAV. fans flag it..... how dare u
KingGeorge53::Eventually those characters posting such vulgarity end up MIA.     Speaking from experience of course.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Go Cavs! I'm out like a David Ortiz hitting a hard ground ball to second.
rockndoc2::Oh , and by the way.......  Avery Johnson &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Dantoni
KingGeorge53::lol   He's got a better sense of humor as well.
rockndoc2::Just got back from the game.    Nets played well tonight,  refs had a bad game for both sides, Derron Williams showed up, unlike the first game here, and the Nets played better defense than the Cavs.   Nets knocked down open shots, Cavs missed contested ones.  Pretty simple.  After watching Knicks and Nets, gotta say the Nets have a better chance of getting into the playoffs.
drftw42134::I think that both teams will actually make the playoffs. Looking at it this way:  1st seed :Bulls 2nd seed:Heat 3rd seed:76ers 4th seed: Hawks 5th seed:Nets 6th seed:Knicks 7th seed:Pacers &amp; eigth seed will be Orlando and Boston depending if DH stays with Orlando or Boston wins games
KingGeorge53::oooo   btw, it's in my humble opinion that the Pacers will be much higher than a 7th seed.    With this crazy shortened season and trying to compact too many games in the time allotted, we'll see some shockers.    While I wouldn't call it a shock to see the Pacers at the 4th seed, they may end up higher.    Pacers are a team on the rise.  * now watch them go on a 3 game losing streak since I jinxed them.
KingGeorge53::I'd be all jiggy with that and that's probably hitting the nail on the head.
KingGeorge53::I'd like to see Kyrie go after the juggler from the 1 Q on instead of trying to dish to team mates.    How many point blank dunks did Jamison miss tonight?
KingGeorge53::good game for the Nets, not so much for the Good guys.
netsbucs::i hope u know cavalier fans, my nets beat u guys without: brook lopez, marshon brooks, mehmet okur, and damion james. so suck on dez nuts.
dpr037::Still have my balls on your mind?   Lick someone else's, loser. I'm outta here.
dpr037::My dog has had better.
Incurable Ham::peanut*
Incurable Ham::Yeah, not like you hit the edit button or anything...
netsbucs::i know lick it was already there
Incurable Ham::lick*
netsbucs::relax u make ur dog lick penut butter from ur balls
dpr037::Any excuse to have gay sex, eh?
netsbucs::k
Incurable Ham::co ol sto ry bro
netsbucs::i fuc ked ur bit ch
subedis1::They found a guy at Dive Bar to give Andy a breather once in a while
KingGeorge53::I'll have you guys know you're pumping your chests from beating a Cavs team by 3 points that played Ryan Hollins, Samardo Samuels and what's his name.
netsbucs::........wow relax horn dog im u should have replied to that moron comment the first time u saw it not now
KingGeorge53::Before calling someone a moron, I suggest you learn how to type, write and spell.  Our team beat up your team when you had all those players.     So I guess what you're saying is your team is better off without "brook lopez, marshon brooks, mehmet okur, and damion james".
netsbucs::........ idk what u sayin but..........um............yea...................thumping......................are u beating ur meat u horn dog?
KingGeorge53::I did.   That's why I posted.    Thumping on some Ryan Hollins are you?
netsbucs::read my comment moron
subedis1::Larry Hughes is back next week. we'll be fine folks
mikeyp2307::ahh no its a win win. Cavs lose games, means we get a better draft pick. Win. Kyrie plays well in those losses. Win
netsbucs::k
mikeyp2307::it makes me super happy.
netsbucs::whatever makes u happy
Incurable Ham::i hope u know nets fans, my cavs lost to u guys without: ira newble, eric snow, dajuan wagner, and lebron james
Incurable Ham::still cant tell if trolling^
netsbucs::that y they no names cuz only cav fans know them
Incurable Ham::cant tell if trolling^
Rengel12::They dont even play in the NBA anymore!! you are soooo dumb
netsbucs::nig ga they are no names that aren't even in the catagory of brook or marshon
Incurable Ham::ira newble a no name??? lol yeah ok
Rengel12::Well yea they are no names considering they haven't played for the Cavs since Nam'..... You obviously no nothing about basketball
netsbucs::no names and lmao on lebron james
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::The season series is 1-1. And really you think Okur is a deciding factor?
netsbucs::big guy on floor and okur for threeeeee. so yea a factor to me
mikeyp2307::i hope you know, nobody cares. Cavs lose and Kyrie plays well. Its a win win. #draftpick
netsbucs::actually lose. win.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Stop hitting on me. I don't go that way.
netsbucs::i fuc ked ur bit ch
rockndoc2::With the 22 pick in the first round, the Browns select Nick Foles, quarterback, Arizona
subedis1::with the 22nd pick, the Browns select all 3 of Alabama's kickers...
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::The AFCN blog is pretty active right now - even at this time on a Fri. night. If you wanna go there, enjoy.
BrooklynNets12::the browns wil probably draft some lineman lmao
tkwp::Joe thomas, 5 x pro bowl. Ya thats a terrible pick lol.
KingGeorge53::I'm one of those that still believes Thomas was a GREAT pick.   The problem is, they stopped drafting the correct people after that.
KingGeorge53::yes he was!    And there were a few others.     I guess I should've expounded on that.     The problem is the Browns have had a really good 5 year plan that they keep changing every year.    To rebuild a NFL team, you start with the Left O Guard.    Then build around that.   The problem is, the next draft they didn't keep on target, then they tried a different route the next season, then the next they got a new GM, then the next year they got a new HC and no OC.    This year we get a new OC.  For the tribe, we have a 5 year plan that should've been scratched 10 years ago.  The Cavaliers are off to what looks to be an excellent rebuild.    Now if they can pick up a high draft pick at SG, SF or C that can learn the Princeton O and defend, we're on page two of the rebuild.
Diamondslugz::Haden was a good pick.
BrooklynNets12::maybe they should trade up to get RGIII
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::I want them to draft Stanford's kicker with the 4th pick. The kid is clutch.
Incurable Ham::yeah, that would suck. joe thomas was a turrible pick...
peanut22555::HEY BROWN FAN,,, MAYBE LEBRON COULD PLAY LINEBACKER OR TIGHTEND FOR YOU IN THE OFF SEASON..MAYBE THEN YOU WILL GET OFF HIS JOCK
KingGeorge53::peanut, the "I Love a Good LeBron Teabag" thread is calling for you.
mikeyp2307::.
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::I cry myself every night thinking of LeBron. Its sad really.
Rengel12::They just said Heat arena sold out!? Highly doubtful
mikeyp2307::i see empty seats
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Its sold out for the 2nd and 3rd quarters.
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::As a Cavs fan I am obligated on every ESPN board to say:  "$@%! YOU LEBRON!"  Because no Cavs fan has gotten over him yet and we are all a bunch of cry babies.
subedis1::All I know is....Cavs win...Kyrie scored 30.....Delonte West banged LeBron's mom
peanut22555::AFC NORTH CHAMPS: RAVENS. LAST PLACE THE BROWNS
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Thanks Nostradamus.
Incurable Ham::almost as good as your last post
mikeyp2307::cool story bro
peanut22555::AFC NORTH...RAVENS, BENGALS, STEELERS, BROWNS
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Wow. They're fourth. Last year, they were predicted to be in fifth by you.
netsbucs::go watch some porn to pass some time til football starts again
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Yes those are the teams. Thanks for the info.
i liked this comment::.
Rengel12::Why does Van Gundy suck off the Heat so much, Not Stan, His D-bag of a brother
mikeyp2307::cause he works for espn. It says in their contract that they have to blow the heat every chance they get.
netsbucs::DERON WILLIAMS  is back to his original self !
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::I think all Cavs fans can agree that Sasha Pavlovic was the best garbage time player ever. Whenever the Cavs were up by 20 he would come in and try so hard to pad his stats.
mikeyp2307::He cracked me up. Dude was intense.
subedis1::whoa....c'mon now...Eric Snow?
peanut22555::HOW BOUT THEM BROWNS
subedis1::that's the comedic genius...we franchised a kicker....my kicker for the last 8 yrs of fantasy football in a row
Incurable Ham::oh yeah, forgot all of our scores have to be divisible by three. thank God we franchised tagged him
subedis1::9, philly's good for 3 fg's
Incurable Ham::BOLD PREDICTION: Childress will allow us to score 8.5 ppg instead of 8 next year
subedis1::actually, Heckert, imo, is a boss  with a capital B
subedis1::Shurmur is now the 5th best HC on the sideline pending on whether Holmgren is on the sideline or at Panini's
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::I dont know who the Browns will take in the draft but knowing the Browns they will screw it up.
kyweaver77::lol chilly
kyweaver77:::P rubio would score 50 points against these nets
McKinnon42::this is a stupid statement
Incurable Ham::jealous much weaver?
kyweaver77::no why?
netsbucs::rubio is to busy combing his hair and beating his meat to american women
JHCASHION::The Cavs should trade for Carlos Boozer
SomeGuySays::Boozer is inconsistent.  He could be a much better player but he isn't "all in"
subedis1::if we're having a reunion, can we bring DeJuan Wagner back, if the colitis is no longer an issue  that is...
mikeyp2307::I would not want boozer back
Incurable Ham::nope
chefcoolness11::screw boozer
subedis1::Ever
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Boozer is never allowed back.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::That...would be interesting.
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Imagine if the Pistons would have gotten Bosh, Wade, or Anthony in 2003. They won a championship anyway. Could have been a real dynasty there.
godson0214::they screwed up
subedis1::Thank God they pulled a Ferry
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::If we could re-do the 2003 ROY, which of the Big 3 would win it?
godson0214::lebron hands down he did what kyries doing now get us Ws denver and miami were already good teams it was easy for them to make playoffs with melo and wade
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Darko Milicic
chefcoolness11::if the cavs can pick up ricky davis they will have a great shot at the playoffs
ricky2213::maybe we can get shawn kemp out of rehab
subedis1::and Wally....best hair in NBA and a smile that won't quit
subedis1::Ira! Miami Alum...bid him up
Incurable Ham::dajaun wagner and ira newble are staples
subedis1::Diop and Jackson....GM of the Decade
Rengel12::No.. DIop and Tractor Trailor were the ones who carried the team
mikeyp2307::Oh God, Sasha Pav. I miss that dude so much. Just seeing him play made me laugh.
godson0214::eric williams also
chefcoolness11::d. marshall is the future of the cavs
subedis1::Him and Sasha Pavlovic in crunchtime....Game Over
JHCASHION::Brad Daugherty FTW
subedis1::Donyell Marshall to lock the wing down for years
chefcoolness11::i heard eric snow has been training for a comeback as well
subedis1::and Luke Jackson
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::They need him and Darius Miles to make a run.
JHCASHION::Dont forget Antoine Walker
subedis1::If any of our rookies needs mins increased, it's T2...let him develop his offensive game this year...this year should be an instructional "mulligan" for him...  Next year, with a high draft pick and 20+ mil cap space for FA, we will def compete
mikeyp2307::The difference between Nets fans and Knicks fans is astounding. Nets fans are so calm and you can actually have a legit basketball conversation with them. I thank you for being awesome. Good luck the rest of the season. Go Cavs.
JHCASHION::Ricky Rubio has Kevin Love and Michael Beasley to pass it to. Kyrie Irving has old man Jamison and an island of misfit toys, and scores quite a few more points per game in fewer minutes...You tell me who the Rookie of the Year should be
godson0214::nobody knows what kyries doing besides us thats what made the new kyrie espn commercial funny .. i think we found kyrie irving. put us on some national tv games geez
mikeyp2307::Tell that to espn. their on the rubio bandwagon
godson0214::no brainer kyrie
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Just an interesting example of a Knicks fan...My roommate is a Knicks fan who is still convinced they will make it to the ECF.
joe kj2::Your roommate means the ECFGC. Let me spell it out Eastern Conference Golf Course.
godson0214::lol priceless .. i admit that they were one of my favorites to contend before the season im off the bandwagon alanta just might make some noise this year and make the EFC upsettin miami on the way
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::ANd they call Cleveland fans delusional...
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::Also Carmelo will win the MVP.
Norris Cole ROY::Irving is the real deal. DANG SON
subedis1::kyrie is a better "technical" basketball player than a lot of the point guards drafted preceding him....he's the closest thing to jay williams i've seen since...jay williams. if this is wall or rose, with this talent around them, you're talking 10 TO's a game and 30% FG pct....and I HATE Duke and LOVE UK  this kid has it....not many do, he does
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Nets fans &gt; Knicks fans.
yata9arasu::100000000000000000000000000000000% FACT!
brickznujerz::all day baby!
Believeland_Tribe_Cavs_Browns::I hate looking towards the draft when it is so far away, but if the Cavs can somehow add one more star at SF or C we will be a contending team for years to come. Lets hope the ping pong balls bounce our way just like last year.
McKinnon42::Kyrie for rookie of the year!
mdtuzo::im out. cavs fans good luck to you, nets guys, see you sunday.
brickznujerz::B E Z
yata9arasu::See you and good luck!
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Since it's finally over... GOOD GAME, NETS!
