SCOTTM::Not only is this team poorly contructed and lacking in any passion or commitment to defense, but they are one of the most boring teams in the league.  And why is Chris Smith on this team?  I know that he at the end of the bench, but this team is in desperate need of help on the front line and at the point. They cannot afford the luxury of carrying J.R.'s little brother who is a D leaguer at best.
Wizard::Somehow the Lakers with Nobody are 8-8 coming off a win against Brooklyn the other NY scrubs . Knicks  knew the only legit big man they had was chandler yet they added ZERO backup at center so as to keep SCRUB brother of Current Scrub burnout JR who right now doesn't seem worth 2 million let along the 6 million being paid. Woodson should have NEVER got a 3 year deal until he proved something in the playoffs. And why exactly did grunwald get pushed out ??? Oh yeah dolan said he was not slick enough. Another dolan gem ! Well you got your boy mills back , How's that working out JD ? you moron !
Jersey Boy::The NY Chump Chucker's lose again. This time they leaked the game away slowly & finally melted away in the 4th quarter. The team is dysfunctional in every way. There is no chemistry or cohesiveness on the floor. Other than Melo's ability to score, the team lacks a # 2 scorer, they play soft defense, they don't communicate on the floor, they get beat down the floor, they destroyed at point guard, they don't have a legitimate big man to defend the paint, they are old, they are slow, and the have no cap money or draft picks. They are a train wreck with no future. The New York Knicks are owned by a man named James Dolan who also owns MSG & NY Rangers. Dolan is an incompetent businessman. He never earned his success. He was given it by his father. That is unfortunate because this guy refuses to set up his Sports business like the NY Yankees. With Basketball People. The NY Chump Chucker's which is my name for the NY Knicks is a collection of misfits & dysfunctional players. Hence, the NY Knickerbockers are a train wreck/embarrassment to the NBA yet again. No Championships since 1973.
suchaputz::Interesting to read comments from some NYK fans. I live in so calif, root for LAC & LAL, and if you ever suggest in a chat or sports radio etc that Kobe in iso's 20+ feet away, stopping ball movement, jacking 20+ perimeter shots is perhaps not a good formula, they deem you a hater and tell you how many rings he has and how many points per he's avg.  Just seems like NYK fans 'get it' a little more.
Icyplatinum::Shumpert is probably injured and isn't admitting it. I can see it in his movement.
Artur::Woodson should be fired. No game structure, no game strategy, just earning points on 1on1 offense.
KHAR T::I want to wish all Knicks and Nets fans Happy Thanksgiving. Hopefully our teams will perform much better after holidays. Cheers
Gotham::It must be the karma that's kicking the knicks butt right now. This knick squad is not well coached. Superstar continues to get another scoring title and Doland continues to waste money on has-beens that's not clicking. Bottom of the Atlantic. But not by a large margin. Something needs to shake up this team or its going to be the worst team in the NBA. No excuses of why the Chadler's the reason the knicks like this? Look at the Lakers without Kobe with string of new players contribute to the D Antoni Theory and R 8-8!!! What the Fudge!! Woodson is not tuff enough to rattle the Knicks. This dude barely wakes up at 11 am sounding lazy and sleepy on WEPN interviews!!
Von Doom::An All-Star PG, a good post player, and a team that thrives in transition - the triad of weaknesses for the Knicks. Its not going to be pretty for the Knicks in this game. Good thing the Knicks are in the Atlantic Division where a team will win the division with a .500 record or lower. We still have a chance.
Vartino C::The Knicks can't win and won't win if Shumpert, Amare and JR Smith continue to play listless basketball. Amare cannot defend, rebound or score. Shump and JR are lost. Melo, Bargnani, and Kenyon Martin are the only three players playing to their capabilities. This team right now is a mess. Last year NY was 10-4 after their first 14 games, beating Miami, Spurs and Indiana. This year in a year they were supposed to improve, they are 3-11. Right now embarrassing.
