Ace Slater::Im ticked that no laker teammates stood up for young, Horry is right on that. we looked chumpy! We need more artests
Brendyn Scott::You need more people going into the stands and going after fans?? No that is not what the NBA needs. The lakers players stayed on the bench like they should have. However, his teammates on the court should have stepped up.
Jose Manuel Vilomar::Brendyn Scott not more malice like the palace, but more people standing for guys surrounded by 5 guys from the other team..... This is a trend that I am watching on the Lakers for some time now... they are improving now, but in recent years when a teammate was on the floor, no one come on to lend a hand.  I felt so sorry for Nick last night... Jesus  I am seriously thinking in cancel my NBA League Pass subscription.
Brendyn Scott::Jose Manuel Vilomar I watched the replay and felt sorry for him too. And its hard to feel sorry for Nick Young.
Jason Jackson::A lot of people are putting faith in Jim Buss and Mitch Kupchak to put the Lakers in a position to win next season. Lets remember, these are the same guys who decided to keep Dwightmare Howard instead of trading him at the trade deadline last season after Howard would not commit to signing with LA. These are the same guys who thought a 38 year old Steve Nash was just what they needed a point guard. They are also the same guys who decided Kobe Bryant was worth spending $48 million dollars on and trading Pau Gasol, one of the best big men in the game was a good idea. Now do you really feel secure that Buss and Kupchak have their act together to get the job done?
Jon Stockwell::Too be fair, they did have CP3 until Stern's veto. That kind of got the proverbial snowball rolling downhill...Who knows what a core of Kobe, Cp3 and Dwight would have done. It's all a moot point now, but am optimistic that they'll figure things out.
Patrick R Francis::i believe jim buss is problem why the team is short handed and fustrated
Paul Pk Kim::Jon Stockwell   The Clippers Trade offer was much better than Lakers for CP3.   The Clippers trade offer got New Orleans Eric Gordon, Aminu, AND the draft pick which became Anthony Davis.   The Lakers offered Lamar Odom.   and Pau to the Rockets.    And the Rockets would send Luis Scola and Kevin Martin to New Orleans.  Lamar isn't playing in the league and was addicted to crack.   Luis Scola is a benchwarmer at Indiana.  Kevin martin is injury prone.
Larry Wallace::The  Lakers  as  we  know  them  are  done.....It  will  take  a  few  years  to  try  to  fix  the  mess.   3  has  beens  are  signed  for  about  50  mil/per  year.    5  years  at  least  to  be  a  serious  contender  !
Rick Lowry::lol
Edgar Cabalde::The Lakers were dead 3 years ago, it will be a big miracle if they can recover in 5 years with Jim Buss making decisions. Remember, even under the good hands of Dr. Jerry Buss, it took the Lakers 12 years to get another championship from the last one they have in 1988. Jim Buss ruined the Lakers beyond recognition and there's no remedy for that unless that dude will stay away from the team for good. They might even sell this team, the Buss family are battling for the Lakers control.
Leland Wong::The difference is the coaching. Lakers have a much better team than the Suns but the Suns are better coach. Suns do play defense , Lakers with the D'Antoni system , plays no D.
Cory Gardley::Im a Lakers fan and i'll tell you first hand we don't have a better team the suns are much deeper and better quality players
Jesse Hiatt::The Lakers do not have a better team then the Suns
Matthew Reimbold::completely wrong. Lakers current team with half its players injured is currently comprised of one of the two or three worst rosters in the NBA.
OG Jays::Stick a fork in the "other" LA team. Dinner served.
Martin Cruz-Delgadillo::So this is whats its like to be a "clipper fan" when they tanked every year.
Lee Barnes::14-25..Another one bites the dust.  Restructure Kobe's contract for more money, maybe that will help? He's laughing himself all the way to the bank!
Dave Gaddis::Stick a fork in the Lakers, they're done!
Renee Pantoja::They're not done yet. They'll be done when they get some of their starters back and they play just well enough to screw up their hopes for a high lottery pick. Ha ha ha.
Jon Stockwell::Phoenix should win easily. Lakers are a hot mess.
Andreo Miller::Good. Another loss is another step for Jabari.
Jeff Brown::Relying on unproven draft picks is NEVER smart. ALWAYS better to trade for proven vets. More draft picks DON'T work out than DO.
Andreo Miller::Ya but at this time, gotta lose when you gotta lose when you're not gonna win this year or having assets to trade for. Plus our number one player is two years from retirement. Might as well get Jabari.
Renee Pantoja::Pretty bad when your best player is an old man.
Jody George Prats::Young got beat up. He deserves it.
Cory Gardley::Jody George Prats how did young get beat up if he is the only through a punch you sound foolish
Jody George Prats::He got beetch slapped bro
Cory Gardley::Jody George Prats by who Len that was a foul but Dragic got smacked in the head and did nothing but just stood there he's a puss
David Larez::Go Suns!!! Beat LA
Kenny Ng::Something wrong with this picture? Kaman had 18 pts and only played 16 mins. D'Antoni really dislikes playing Kaman. D'Antoni needs to get fired. Don't care even if this team is full of injuries. No excuse to keep losing like this scoring 110 pts or more in their last six games yet going 0-6.
Darryl Hoytt::Been saying that for a while. Kaman has excellent skills and right now may be the most consistent offensive threat on the Lakers now, plus at times it would be cool to see how he plays on the floor with Gasol.
Kenny Ng::Agreed. D'Antoni refuses to play them both side by side. Instead we got R. Kelly who can't play much defense and is inconsistent.
Jose Manuel Vilomar::Kenny Ng I think that there is something obscure or under the furnutire that move Dumbtoni to not play Chris, I really do not know.. but as you said, CK aside Pau Gasol is the other big that show consistency every time he get Playing Time.
Renee Pantoja::I'm I missing something here? What the hell is MDA thinking by not playing Kamen? I loved him when he was with the Clippers. MDA has something against big men, I just don't get it.
Darryl Hoytt::I'm missing it too. No one in the middle for the past 2 Laker opponents and Kaman gets hot but then doesn't get back in the game again both games
Renee Pantoja::Darryl Hoytt MDA doen't like post players. He'd rather run small young guys into the ground, and have them end up on the bench dressed in suits with injusies. The young guys that are playing for the Lakers were pulled off the bone pile. They're bench players at best. They look good at times but they either can't or aren't used to playing 30 - 35 minutes a game. It's like buying a toy, If you bought a toy when I was growing up it was made out of steel,and would last forever, if you buy the new version today it's made out of cheap plastic and if you play with it to much it will break.
Aline Dukmajian::Nick Young is making a statement with that reaction.  Tired of being disrespected....gotta love SwaggyP for it!
Darryl Hoytt::That Morris twin should have gotten a T as well, don't know which one gave him the two handed shove. I don't think Nick starts swinging if that didn't happen.
Aline Dukmajian::Darryl Hoytt True
Robert Orrante::Yep, Robert Horry said on the air that he was disappointed that no other Lakers stood up for Nick.
Travis Pavich::If the Lakers lose this game, it for one reason only. THE REFS.  Typical Laker Fans
Jon Stockwell::Troll
Darryl Hoytt::Why do you make the same post every game when no Laker fan ever says that?
Bryce Morgan::Typical Every Fan of Every NBA Team on the ESPN boards
Magnus Ekou Koker-Thomas::Sorry Lakers fans you all will have to go and support the Clippers come post season.
Jon Stockwell::No thanks.
Darryl Hoytt::No
Aline Dukmajian::You sound stupid.
Jody George Prats::Young had it coming. He needs to act like a pro instead of an And 1 punk.
Lee Barnes::Do you go to all boards and troll?
Jeff Brown::Out of 30 teams, 25 better than the Lakers. You do the math.
Dan Kast::Lakers gonna get pooped on again
Dale Yang::Just shut up and keep tanking.
Renee Pantoja::It's time for the 3rd quarter,
Darryl Hoytt::Feed the Kaman!!
Edgar Cabalde::I feel sorry for the so called Laker fans for life. Do you guys happy every game the Lakers lose? Are you entertained with the way they look so helpless with dunks and lay-ups? Are you excited with the way they shoot three's with little success? If your answer is yes, you're crazy.
