hobannation1477::The pistons $@%!$@% suck! God damn !$@%!$@!
ksesch313::23 minutes for monroe?  great coaching there.
Grindhouse2413::Who's next?
doof54::...and where are all those geniuses that said the Grizz had blown up the team for financial reasons?   Not just you, but all those national bassekball experts.
doof54::OK. Can someone from Detroit explain the hating on Austin Daye?  Fans booed him.  Former teammates booed him, laughed at him, taunted him when he missed free throws. Then he buried that three right in front of their bench and got to talk back.  But, then when he got the steal and made the behind-the-back to Davis for the dunk... they booed him again??
ksesch313::I liked the kid.  it isnt his fault that our dumb@ss coaches continued to stick him at the end of the bench and have no ability to develop players
DTownSportsLions::I don't really know why either because he never played
Grindhouse2413::Jealous of a young talented kid on a winning, playoff bound team. Sucks they called his three a two instead.
rc021363::I give Hollins credit, he did play the whole bench, not for very long, but he did play them.  No, they did not perform well, but no player can if they are only given a couple of minutes of game every once in a while.  If he would put them in more often, these least played players will play well.    The starters and second string played very well.  It is good that they are finding to play as a team, play hard D and do a more Run N Gun offense.  I see them only getting better and it looks like everyone loves playing with each other.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
doof54::Bench played better once they re-inserted Marc to steady them and provide some offensive flow. Good that Hollins did that rather than blow it up and put all five starters back in. Ed Davis played well.  Quincy Pondexter played well. Bayless and Daye played well.  Tony Wroten and Jon Leuer... well...
ginblossoms1972::following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
rc021363::" I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching to GEICO."
str8hust1a::you know you're team is bad when Jonas Jerebko has the most points.
Wolfy_Pants::and he only played 11 minutes
doof54::and looked pretty solid doing it.
DTownSportsLions::Good game to the Grizz. You have my support in the postseason.
rc021363::Thanks, wish the Pistons all the best for the rest of the season.
rhuff1118::Bayless continuing to play strong. 10 assists and 50% from the field.
denn19641::tied with Trashville
tigersfangoldandblue::Guess Tennessee owns Detroit tonight.
rhuff1118::Hockey game. Preds officially own the Red Wings these days.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::?
Philly Pete::LAVOY ALLEN 4 MVP
dancedance65::We scored 90 points in the first meeting, so Detroit thought that 91 tonight should be enough to win.
emthomasjr::LOL
Philly Pete::FUNNY, TRY BEATING THE SIXERS
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::lol
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Philly Pete is the Soul music scene still alive in Philly?
Philly Pete::ALTERNATIVE CHRISTIAN ROCK
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::oh I see
rc021363::Who is your fav?
Philly Pete::I HATE SOUL
rc021363::You have to love Boyz2Men
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::wow! what do you like?
Philly Pete::HEY TEN A C, SEND ME SOME WHISKEY AND BBQ
Heat-Star::My Name is Melo Rivers
rc021363::My name is Bond, James Bond.
Philly Pete::SWAG YOLO 420 PHILLY FRESH
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Philly Pete so Philly is a mostly African American city?
Philly Pete::NOT REALLY
Philly Pete::PHILLY HAS MORE AFRICAN AMERICANS THAN MEMPHIS #DIVERSITY
tacostealer26::ha good one
rc021363::I have more interesting conversations with your mom, so what is your point?
tacostealer26::memphis has more african americans than caucasian also.
Philly Pete::SWAG
Philly Pete::CHEESESTEAK ANYBODY?
JamesGetDownBrown::i'll fedex you some bbq if you'll do the same with some cheesesteaks
rc021363::I like REAL Steak, Porterhouse.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::I like Philly Chicken better
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::"how bout a standing ovation"- Hanson from Scary Movie 3
Philly Pete::MY REAL NAME IS PETER SPAULDING
rc021363::And, again, who cares?  Grizzlies don't even play Sixers again this year.
Philly Pete::KOBE IS FROM PHILLY
Philly Pete::YOUR MOM IS LIKE A MOSQUITO, YOU HAVE TO SLAP HER TO STOP SUCKING
Ryan8791::Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Pistons. I'm sure all 156 people at the Palace tonight were excited about Prince coming back.
icepik1234::heard he got a standing ovation. turns out they were standing up to let someone walk down the isle to their seats.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Did you attend the game?
Philly Pete::YOUR MOM IS LIKE A SNICKERS BAR, PACKED WITH NUTS
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::nice.........
tmoneyinmphs::Maybe it's just me, but ed davis looks a little like the late lorenzen wright.  I noticed it a few games back.
tmoneyinmphs::You're right there.  His arms and legs look a lil longer than lorenzen.
emthomasjr::All he needs is the 4 instead of the 3 in front of that 2.
emthomasjr::Dude looks more than a little like Lo.
Philly Pete::HAS ANYBODY BEEN TO PHILADELPHIA?
emthomasjr::Spent about at week in King of Prussia.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::I been to South Philly in Memphis......the Sandwich was great
JamesGetDownBrown::in btwn the hooters and peabody parking garage downtown. it's gone....
emthomasjr::I've never been.  Where is/was that?
JamesGetDownBrown::ahhhh i miss south philly!
rc021363::The bigger question is, does anyone CARE to go Philly?
emthomasjr::Yep.  In December.
icepik1234::Did the math  Grizz are 17-0 when they score over 100
emthomasjr::They are 1.000 when they score more points than their opponent too. ;)
Philly Pete::I hate math
RNYC::Pistons suck.
Philly Pete::Better than the Lions
Philly Pete::Sixers &gt; Grizzlies
rc021363::Are the Sixers still a team?!?!
AKsparky907::Thanks for the laugh philly Pete.
Philly Pete::should't you be watching the preds
Nash_Memph_ville::who says i'm not..
Nash_Memph_ville::in 1963... ?
Philly Pete::Uranus
icepik1234::In what world?
AKsparky907::Grizz should be able to come out ahead tomorrow. With TA shutting down derozan and Rudy chucking up 25 shots we should be fine. Grizz by 20.
emthomasjr::It will be a good one. Glad they are playing an away game tonight.  I always say that lay-ups beat jump shots, so if we play our paint game, we should be good.
ryan loris::THANKS FOR TAKING TAY FROM US IDIOTS AND TORONTO THANKS U FOR RUDY TO BE SURE P.S IF WE HAD DRUM WE WOULD HAVE SMASHED YA
tacostealer26::it was piston's owners choice not ours.
emthomasjr::What?
Nash_Memph_ville::tay and Day have been playing awesome..
icepik1234::good luck with your playoff hopes lol
Philly Pete::Go 76ers
bluewhitetitansfight::Golden State is losing by 10 to Utah... boy would that be great if they lost and we gained a game in the standings. And I hope by some strange occurance that the Spurs lose too
emthomasjr::The thing is about our bench is that their defensive intensity is so slaw.  If they are auditioning for more PT with the first unit, you would think that they would come out with a little more pride on 'D'.
rc021363::Everybody on the Grizzlies' roster scored, except Wroten.  Great TEAM effort!
icepik1234::Cant say i root for Boston often but I am tonight
JamesGetDownBrown::i'm pretty amped up for tomorrows game
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Can't wait for the Raptors game tomorrow night should be a good one
GoTigers2015::Okay guys Grizz looked good, excited about tomorrow's Memphis b-ball doubleheader on sports south, look forward to it, peace
rc021363::Pistons fans, keep the faith in your Pistons.  The Grizzlies were not that good a few years ago, and we are finally seeing a Grizzlies that are playoff material.
EoaRider::Nice to see Davis have a shot and perform well
AKsparky907::He is very athletic and high energy but his free throws are pretty terrible.
emthomasjr::Yep, but his FT form is ho-ho-horendous though.
JamesGetDownBrown::RAIN DANCE!
Nash_Memph_ville::I didn' t catch the game. What's the news with tony?
Nash_Memph_ville::still, can't hate tony. They'll get get the chemistry down. Plenty of games to go.
GoTigers2015::Just not getting playing time, and when he did, he looked bad, but he couldn't get in a rhythm so ...
pedrobear1::the bench will be calling more than ever
GoTigers2015::Rudy vs Tony Allen, gonna be beast
Everyday im Shufflin 290::TA might be defending Demar Derozan
icepik1234::Probably more of a Prince QPon combo...both are excellent defenders
emthomasjr::Q and switch between both too.
JamesGetDownBrown::thats what i'm thinking too.
GoTigers2015::or is Prince gonna guard him?
emthomasjr::Yeah. I think Prince will be on Rudy.  Derozen has been thriving because of the decreased attention but TA should shut that off.
pedrobear1::he's been ballin since the gay trade
pedrobear1::prince should since they have demar at the 2
Grindhouse2413::4 in a row!
Griss13ears::Great game Motown. Love the way the chemistry is coming together for the new look Grizz. Time to make a run!!!
buddy_love_::Hopefully Davis will get some playing time after tonight
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Pistons fan good luck with the rest of season
bcroller1313::haha thanks
GoTigers2015::Leur proved the WORLD wrong tonight folks
emthomasjr::Bwahahaha!
