Mperator::Wow, we lost the easiest of the first 4 games. Weird.
joah5454_3::Austin Rivers is horrendous
we will we will rock you...stomp stomp clap::Someone is NOT horrendous scoring 9 points on the road in  their third NBA game.  Yes....he needs to improve if he is going to be a consistent starter in this league. He  is very athletic and draws zone defenses to cover him, if he learns how to distribute and get more consistency on the shooting aspect, he will be a decent player.  Still....9 points is what it is, against a good back-court and played decent defense.  Not a great player yet, but far from horrendous...
xxxx_shadow_xxxx::Good game hornets, you worked us but that dont mean it'll stay that way. I congratulate you on your win, caught us slipping &amp; pull3ed through. Even without davis! but next game may not be the same? i guess will see, but once again congrats on a great game.
jimjam1234::The east coast just got hit with a storm worse than Katrina. Interestingly, though, you don't hear about all the rapes and murders after the storm. Oh, yeah, it was Bush's fault those guys had to rape and murder. My bad, I forgot.
we will we will rock you...stomp stomp clap::Worse than Katrina??????  REally?    To compare disaster is just stupid...but Sandy was not an any way close to Katrina in strength, storm surge or rain intensity.  Also, WAY, WAy, way more people died in Katirina. Stupid to compare disasters....but you simply have no idea what you are talking about.  Fact is, these folks need help now, and Katina is over...but your are too busy making a political debate overt?  Idiot.
log417::I guess you forget that Hurricane Katrina was a CAT 5, Sandy was not even as strong as a 1. Oh let's not forget all the murders that Obama's caused, like in LIBYA. And why are you posting such nasty comments on an article about the Hornets vs Bulls. Go post comments were they belong.
theejackburton::rivers is terrible...
bengalsrgay43034::Da bulls
NBA_Commentary_2012::It really doesn't make a difference when any team shoots 33% from the field - in all likelihood - they're going to lose.
sgafsetomorpnpse::They shot terrible because they were shut down by a superior defensive team. Quit whining.
OhDamaso::Exactly.  Bulls played like crap.  I hate it when a coach tries to make it seem like they're team is better when the other guys had a bad night.  Get over yourself.
NolaJag::The hornets were the better team last night....Even Noah admitted that the hornets were the more aggressive, physical team last night. Quit complaining.
kevinj1264::Romney Ryan Tuesday don't forget to vote
Ireland297::why would you vote for Obama?
Aeiouy.com::Why would you vote for those two chuckleheads?
log417::Because they are what's best for our country....you chucklehead. Why would you vote for your two socialists.
kevinj1264::Hornets for real???
njhaines::I am impressed with our Hornets so far. Lopez is motivated and ready to show he is a quality center Anderson is a solid scorer/rebounder Aminu/Vasquez have improved to become adequate starters   Throw in Davis, Jason Smith and potentially Gordon and Rivers...... playoffs?
greenbean47::the bulls are terrible
JayNogood::Boozer???? Hinrick??? dafuq???
mallymal808::nate Robinson just took another shot lol
gwaller8::Why exactly isn't Eric Gordon playing?  I know he had a sore leg before the contract extension, but now what is his deal?
mallymal808::the doctors cleared him but he keep saying it hurt
btpkk::no Watson no Asik no Korver no Brewer no Lucas no shot!
vikespurplepride21::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching the words Sports Betting System. This system works. Hope this helps a bettor out there not having much luck.
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::29-88 shooting. That about sums it up.
Neil826::Bulls can't play much worse.  I could score 25 against the horrible hornets.
mallymal808::the hornets been a top 5 defense teams since monty Williams started so a horrible team i doubt
BradyWorkingMagic::33% shooting, AWFUL
Le-Goat::damn the bulls are very bad
01Bulls4life::The Bulls are expected to lose games without Rose... Oh yea didn't the Heat get crushed with all their staters?  I guess that makes them very bad.
H0G.W1LD::that fandanimal1 n.igga is hella annoying lol just scrolling down at his anti-bull comments lmao
Rip City Forever::Will Barton&gt; Austin rivers
Ireland297::Heat suck
J webb nation::thibs y u no bring bak rip and booz in 4th qtr
fandanimal1::once again,the bulls are ok...nothing better
chicago d rose::n.igga do you wanna fight?
perez-matt::LMAO that comment made my day
fandanimal1::arguments seem to subside
chicago d rose::i love you, and dont you ever forget
fandanimal1::i'm a bulls  fan.just realistic
chicago d rose::shut ur trap
fandanimal1::argue?
fandanimal1::face it bulls fans,mediocrity is yours
fandanimal1::they're just not that good
I Got The Jokes Haha::lol im done
chicago d rose::no i wont believe it
fandanimal1::the goal is to win the nba championship.the bulls don't stand a chance.
fandanimal1::i'm not a miami fan....just an opinion.the bulls....with rose...very good...without rose...barely avg.
clickfund::And u know this 3 games in? Wow, please give me the lotto winning numbers, thnx
I Got The Jokes Haha::Bulls 6 championships &gt; Miami 2 championships
chicago d rose::oh yes we do
fandanimal1::giving bulls credit.in my opinion there's only 1 elite team in the east.....miami
clickfund::Didnt look so elite getting "smoked" by the Knicks, and barely squeaked out last win a s well. Whopping 3 point win vs Denver. Your a tool
Area55andG2::not much of a daring statement.
I Got The Jokes Haha::Im done responding lol what is your point the same thing over and over we get your point now bring up something new
fandanimal1::face facts ,bulls aren't elite
chicago d rose::well guess what IM ELITE
I Got The Jokes Haha::Why do you keep trying to prove that point and who said the bulls were elite they are a good team but until they get a star to go with rose it will be hard to win a championship
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Don't bother arguing with this guy. He is just a parrot repeating the same things over and over again. He knows nothing.
gsquared112::Bulls won't have a chance until DNP-Rose finally comes back and strings together more than 4 games in a row
fandanimal1::bulls are very similar to the bears....good,but certainly not great
I Got The Jokes Haha::Lol what  im talking to the guy who name starts with the letter F
chicago d rose::ok we get it u dont like the bulls
chicago d rose::oh i know yo a.ss aint talking to me boii
I Got The Jokes Haha::lol the bears are great 6-1 and the dolphins are 4-3 but You probally do not follow miami sports other than lebron
sgafsetomorpnpse::This is a great start for the Hornets, only gonna get better.
fandanimal1::bulls are in nba hell.pretty good but mnot elite.enjoy thar #9 draft pick
fandanimal1::my point was mid draft choice
CHITOWNBULLS1991::#9 draft pick? Now I know you're trolling.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Yeah he's definitely trolling, either that or he doesn't know what he is talking about. Most likely both though.
I Got The Jokes Haha::lol bulls will not be in the lottery
cancersmasher::Bulls fans better hope this continues.  This team is too cap tied to compete and rose being out will expose this team more than the sixers.  They have zero offense.  Deng is an average at best player, boozer sucks, Noah has no offensive game and all three are ten plus mil a year?  Rose will come back and still be a one man team.  Mgmt failed in not getting assets for Asik and not moving deng this off season.   Going to be a long season when you can't break 85ppg
I Got The Jokes Haha::true that is why I was mad with the bulls spending that much money on taj now we cant even sign a good sg as a free agent next year
fandanimal1::d rose plays so far over the rim.the next falls are career enders.he's so gifted,but you don't win championships when your best player is only 6'2
I Got The Jokes Haha::lol rose is 6 foot 3 first off second  off the bulls if they had a second star would win
michgolf1::um... jerry west?
I Got The Jokes Haha::The bulls are in trouble this team is full of overpaid role players kind of like the nuggets of the east but worst without rose
Area55andG2::it is a really mediocre start to the season
Area55andG2::true, but the pacers never blow teams out. I'm a fan and they never close out games well with a lead.  But yeah, having your star player out really sucks
chicago d rose::they'll be alright
CHITOWNBULLS1991::@ Area: Disagree. They blew out the Cavs by 29 and the Pacers have already lost to the Bobcats. It's too early to tell.
Area55andG2::well Bulls will most likely lose the central division crown simply put
fandanimal1::booze is a multi million dollar liability
chicago d rose::he is i agree
chicago d rose::any bulls fans
fandanimal1::with a full strength d rose,are the bulls better than miami? NO
fandanimal1::d rose doesn't make the bulls elite
chicago d rose::oh really
chicago d rose::bulls are going to be fine still top 3
johnson_jimmy::Top 3 what not to make the playoffs????
CHITOWNBULLS1991::33% from the field just isn't going to get it done. Someone has to step up!
fandanimal1::i'm not sure.but i think that even with d rose the bulls are just slightly above avg.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::But anyways I'm not going to spend any more time debating with you considering your not even trying to argue your point anymore. It's obvious you are a Bulls hater and are pretty biased. Have a nice night.
fandanimal1::i have no horse in the nba race.the heat is the team to beat in the east.
fandanimal1::i'm not a bulls hater at all.they're just not elite
fandanimal1::lebron,when asked,just shuts down d rose.complete mismatch.then the bulls go into confusion mode
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Dude what are  you talking about? You're not even arguing your point anymore lol.
fandanimal1::you can't argue my point.there is a talent gap between chicago and miami
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I can argue your point. That is not what you said. You said the Bulls are only slightly above average with Rose. Obviously Miami is better than Chicago right now. But just slightly above average is absurd.
fandanimal1::they lose to the big teams
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Lose to the big teams? Yeah when Rose isn't playing they might. But so far you haven't been making very compelling arguments as to why the Bulls are only slightly average with Rose.
fandanimal1::they lack elite talent after rose
CHITOWNBULLS1991::True, at least compared to Miami.
fandanimal1::numbers don't lie
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Please post your numbers then.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::yep best record in the NBA past 2 years with Rose....average....
CHITOWNBULLS1991::You really can't say that considering the Bulls made the ECF 2 years ago, and would've been poised for a rematch with Miami last year had Rose not gone down. I don't like your argument.
fandanimal1::regular season good,but not much against the big boys
Rip City Forever::Damian lillard&gt; Anthony Davis+Austin rivers
Rip City Forever::Haha they don't even come close son!
alexander91579::wow you are so right.  Meyers leonard and his 17 minutes, 1 pt 2 rebounds.  hornets really messed up not taking THAT GUY over davis.  Move along troll.
alexander91579::Yeah, okay.....Anthony davis and rivers&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;lillard and leonard....
sgafsetomorpnpse::Austin Rivers played well tonight. His shooting will get there, but his defense was much better.
chicago d rose::b.itches be hatin
slapshotcity123::AUSTIN RIVERS. YOU ARE COMPLETE DOOK
