Shawn Bento::Between Nick Young's 6-18 and 6 TOs, he's filling in Kobe's role nicely.
Mickey Hughes::Just needs to take another 5 to 10 shots gm and it would be like he never left
Travis Pavich::Reporter-Nick Young, how do you really feel? Young-The refs hate us. The league hates us. We get no respect. Why? Reporter-The Lakers are one of the more favored teams in the league. But, it comes with the territory. Your 4 games below .500. Your not the Lakers of old. Young-give me a break. The refs and the league hate the Lakers. Reporter-Win some games first, then you will see. Young-Kobe agrees with me. Kobe and I talked and he said I was the 2nd best player ever. Reporter-Kobe, did you say this? Kobe-Young is clearly smoking crack. Young-Kobe, you lied. You told me this yesterday.  Kobe-Get off the crack Young. Young-See, no respect. Why? I should get every call. I am the 2nd greatest player ever. Only thing I need to do to equal Kobe is to go rape women. I am out. Oh women, where are you???
Corey Sharer::i think your jokes would be way funnier if it was making fun of mike d'antoni, i am not lying to you that would get everybody laughing and liking your post.
Vipul Wadekar::Just lame.
John Elliott::How long till management fires D'Antoni he is clueless with young players. At this point I don't think you can blame the talent anymore.
Lornet Prather::The Lakers have always relied on signing superstars either out of college or from some other team.  They have never really been successful at building an ensemble team of non-stars.  It does not matter if they fire D'Antoni, LA belongs to the Clippers now.  And that maybe as permanent as Dr. Buss being dead and Magic having 'left the building.'
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Lornet Prather You're as much of a clueless buffoon as you are an idiot. LA belongs to the Clippers? GTFO. Apparently you haven't seen all those championship banners hanging from the rafters at Staples, so I guess you must be blind also. The Lakers built up Kobe right frfom the beginning on up to being one of the greatest of all time. Stupid clown.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::John not soon enough. D'Antoni is the reason they have fallen apart right from the moment he got there, but the mentally retarded don't seem to have the ability to grasp that.
Robynne Alexandria::Siiiggghhh.. Cant believe this is what the Los Angeles Lakers have really come to. It's so surreal. But I bleed Purp & Gold till I die :)
Chris Sumo::I like the look.
Steve Blesson::yes u're hot! :-)
Dakota Mckenzie::Remember laker fans after the first game of the season say they were a legit contender?? LOL easily most delusional fans ever
Jp Dench::yes, they are complete f-tards, well established by now
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Who said that now? I remember us talking about the 16 championship titles that they have and how many rings Kobe has but no we do not think we were ever a contender this year.
Jemel Hence::D'Antoni's teams are usually the worst defensively in the NBA! But he says they are losing because of confidence
John Martin::Without Pau and Blake the Lakers are really bad,  They will have to go through a bad patch much as the Celtics did after their many years of success before becoming a contender again.  LA is a destination franchise. Good players will want to play there after Kobe is gone.
Peter Peterr::LA is a good destination but they are waiting for Kobe to leave first before coming
Peter Peterr::Amnesty Kobe, and Dwight Howard would have still been a Laker.
Abdulrahman Teia::And there is still 51 games to go, crap.
Igor Yank::lakers suck
Christopher Almeda::There is a reason why may teams really stinm this year. Just look at the eastern conference where only 3/15 teams are above .500.  It is called greatest nba draft ever 2014 and greatest free agent class ever in 2014. Lakers i assure will be back next year even better. I know so.
Travis Pavich::See, just like I said last game, I get no respect, we get no respect. The refs hate us, Stern hates us, the league hates us. I would like to thank Laker fans for truly learning how to talk like a Laker.  Nick Young following the game.
Brian Robbins::Keep telling yourselves (Laker bandwagon fan base) that Phil Jackson is coming back. He has been coming back for 3 years now...right.
Mickey Hughes::No Phil! No Championships!!! Just ask MJ?
Tony Stewart::no doubt lakers are title contenders this year especially after almost beating miami with a depleted roster.the wins will come just be patient
Dakota Mckenzie::Nice trolling lol
Renee Pantoja::Wow they almost beat Philly at home. Hoist the banner, and measure Kobe for his sixth ring.
Jordan Blackley::Renee Pantoja Hahaha! Typical Laker fan smh.
Jp Dench::LMFAO going to lose to the 76ers, all the lakers fans are disappearing from the boards as you'd expect, only there for the good times
Patrick Glassner::laughing at all the lakers fans who thought this team was going to compete this year
Tyrone Flowers::The injured list is almost as long as the active roster
Michael Paris::The Suns put a beating on the 76's the night before and the Jokers couldn't even handle them...at home.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Somebody needs to put a serious beating on YOU.
Corey Sharer::i would not call them jokers seeing how in the DC universe theres a villain for batman named the joker and people really like him, so scratch that off- jokers,fakers but michael try to think next time use that brain of yours man i know you can get something original to say instead of repeating what we have already heard from other haters.
John Taylor::the truth though.  until you lakers fans get your five time world champ kobe bryant back on the court or in coaching or management, i don't see anything happening.  over there in the west.
William Ferguson::Mitch Kupchak should step down as GM to coach the LAKERS since jimmy Buss is GM/Owner.
Kane Hoggard::Can't say it's a easy win coz the Lakers did lost to the worst team in the western conference but I really hope they win so the Lakers can get back on track
Christopher Almeda::Lakers so bad right now they are losing to teams with worse records ala itah and philly
Michael Jordan::does anyone think the game will go over 220 total points that seems high to me
Michael Thornton::yes great game 76ers!!! the last second dunk was unreal!!!!
Renee Pantoja::Suprised Nick Young didn't cry about not giving the 76's a T for piling on with that awesome dunk at the end.
Michael Thornton::Renee Pantoja  Right....LA fans saying that was classless....that's sports!!! Like philly doesn't have their own injuries.
Jeeves Sritharan::lol - the lakers need a new game plan since pau and kobe are fading away
Matt Washburn::THe 76ers have 1 road win all year...geez the Lakers are awful
Bill Boubard::Lollll yup
Terry Melvin::The Lakers couldn't win if Jesus came back.
Tyrone Flowers::That's when we all win
Terry Melvin::Except the Lakers
Tyrone Flowers::Terry Melvin, you wrong for that one, lol
