pdiddy0622::There was once a time when beating the Celtics meant something. Now, Charlotte and N.O. make it so dat it's no longer a big deal. Boston needs Rondo BAD. So much for trade Rondo.  I see so much questioning of Doc's decisions. This guy won you guys a ring. Have some respect.  Bite the hand that feeds you. SMH Boston.  And Terry needs to move on. He got dunked on. Lebron got dunked on before. It happens.  This is why people say the east is weak. Boston losing to N.O.! WOW
Dave6673::Did KG jump for that game winning rebound yet?   How about now?
Dengue-Fever::GO HEAT..LMAO..GARBAGE A.S.S.E.S.!!
Dengue-Fever::GO HEAT!!!!...LMAO...GARBAGE A$$E$!!!!
Ya Se Armo 2013::at this point just make it into the playoffs whatever seed. and then go hard as hell.   whether its the first round or the ECF.  In order to make it through we will have to beat miami. The only 2 that have a shot are us and Indiana.    Start Jeff Green over bass or Lee.  have him and paul do that little 2-man game with each other...I'm still confident this bunch can make it through...   and by the way. If we have rondo on the floor, there is no way we lose to the bobcats and/or hornets.... no fu$ckin' way...
TalambanBLUES::OMG!!!  The Jet lost to worst team in the west?!!  Now that is impressive!!  24 game win streak: "not really impressed with that and all the things they do."
TheFeedMachine::What a horrible mistake by KG. I can't believe he didn't box Davis out.
bigconnortheman::Jeff Green should start for Brandon Bass. Green is way better on  offense, and on defense, gets way more blocks.
PP owns Rondo::Yep, Doc has to do this. Green can score much easier and get opponents into foul trouble on a more consistent basis.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::STUPID.
LosHeatSonLosMejores24::This is comical
argenis fradique::FLY PELICAN FLY!!!    Tony Montana
PP owns Rondo::Why can't we rebound? The only old guys are PP and KG. The rest of those guys have young legs. We shouldn't be getting killed on the boards like this.
_I Am A Celtic_::11:25 minutes for Jordan Crawford in the 4th quarter?  Are you kidding me???????????????
_I Am A Celtic_::Only 4.5 minutes for Jeff Green in the fourth quarter?  What's up with that Doc?  Way too much of Jordan Crawford last night
_I Am A Celtic_::Only 2 shots for Green in the third quarter and zero in the fourth!!!!  The dude had 11 points in the first quarter and freaking finished the game with THIRTEEN.  WTF?
_I Am A Celtic_::I agree.  Bad coaching night for Doc
PP owns Rondo::PP and Green should be on the floor at the same time.
joe 1138 2056::yes. hornets, keep winning.  -- bobcats, suns, cavs
Lebroncouldcareless::BIG MOUTHS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LEARN YOUR PLACE,,,,, YOUR TEAM AND YOUR FANS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ~LEBRON JAMES
bostonceltics344::Another sloppy game.=(
_I Am A Celtic_::Shame
garnolfini::So long, Celtics.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::What. The. Ph uckk. Is. Going. On. HERE?!
PP owns Rondo::Yep, we deserved this lost for not rebounding the ball. That's our only biggest weakness. Why can't we fkng rebound the ball?
KOBRICK went to a GOOD TEAM out of the Draft.::Told you Celtic fans. "Oh if we had Garnett against the Heat we would have won". Not taking into account that Garnett would take a lot of shots from Green. You get it now Boston fans?  If Garnett had played against the Heat the Celtics still would have lost that game!  Good day.
GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots::That's like me saying the Celtics are going to win the trophy this year. :)
jnegron305::Was hoping hoping the Celtics would lose this one, and i was right. How fitting after losing to the Heat, they lose to an inferior Hornets team. Just like the Celtics, all bark....no bite!
IndySports24x7::Davis is wrong for keeping those brows..
itmakessense::When Paul Pierce beats someone off the dribble and scores in the paint, your defense is horrible.
Celtics1634:::(
Bordakh8572::Damn you Mr. Eyeballs
dash2k4::Told you Jeff Green wasn't going to get anything close to 43 again.
LosHeatSonLosMejores24::Jt 0-5.......Lol! I think lebron broke his spirit
LosHeatSonLosMejores24::Good job Boston.............
LinHardenParsons::Attention Celtics fans:  Anybody who thinks Terrence Williams is the answer....you are gravely mistaken.  He is GARBAGE.  He was garbage for the Nets, He was garbage for the Rockets.  He's still garbage.
thedrwolff::Let's try one more time.    So Boston fans....still think RONDO IS SO GOOD????  or is 24 games not a good enough cross section.  The offensive and defensive efficiencies have IMPROVED.  The assists per game are EXACTLY the same.  EVERY COACH IN THE LEAGUE KNOWS THIS.  why do you see teams completely ignore him and let him shoot....he played his entire career on a team with THREE first ballot hall players.  He cant shoot free throws so he avoids drawing fouls to get his team in the bonus...the holy land of winning games.  Wake up and smell the overhype
.Batman.::Not a Celtics fan, but Rondo is by far the biggest reason they nearly made the finals last year. He shows up when it counts.  vs Miami: 20.9pts 11.3ast 6.9reb 1.9stl 48.8%fg   Maybe Bradley fits the Celtics better than Rondo, idk. But, you're delusional if you think Avery Bradley is a better point guard.
thedrwolff::OH yes theres more....Rondo's triple double's are completely a function of him having the ball on EVERY offensive possession.   is a 18/12/12 line good....yes...but not when you shot 17 times and the offense ran through YOU on every single play.   Good players are in the 1.25 to 1.3 points per attempt...rondo has always hovered around 1.12.  in rec league hustle love he's number one and it wont change the love....but if you want your team to actually win consistently in the NBA....he's a pariah
thedrwolff::on the last note...if you honestly had to start a team with either avery bradley or Rondo...who would you take...who would GM's take and forget salary considerations.  best defensive guard in the league who can shoot the three.  Rondo doesnt get traded because no one wants him for 10 mill a year
Mikeferrari23...::Celtics are fuckking trash
karelp::Celtics a little shaken up  from blowing a big lead to the Heat?
jdrman2007::we dont need a high draft pick. There is a lot of young talent on this team but no one understands that the Hornets have been racked with injuries all year which has stunted their growth as a cohesive unit. Eric Gordon and A.D. have superstar potential and in the NBA two superstars is whats needed to build a great team around (with a few exceptions of course). Gordon isn't even healthy enough to put up two good back-to-back halves yet. Watch. This team is going to be deadly in the upcoming years. What this team needs is not draft picks but experience (we've given up a ridiculous amount of late 4th quarter leads) and to stay healthy.
jdrman2007::I beg to differ. When this dude is healthy he is a straight up beast. He's extremely athletic, can get to the rack with ease, has a sweet jumper and the best part is that he's ONLY 24yrs old.   However it would seem that he is made of freakin glass. I'm holding out hope that his main injury problems are behind or at least wont last much longer. Playin alongside the best 3-point shooter in the game (no lower than top 3) in Ryan Anderson and having AD in the post will stretch out the floor thus definitely further strengthening his slashing game even more
karelp::Eric Gordon does not have superstar potential.
pdiddy0622::pdiddy0622 But it was against da cavs!&nbsp; - Boston fans, as they lose to NO Pelicans&nbsp; Roflmfao 3 fans like this. 1 Hour Ago  Unlike  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share
pdiddy0622::Boston fans think they are better coaches than Doc. Man, how quickly do these loyal fans turn their bax on a coach dat brought them a ring!
CrimsonEyedDeath::As quickly as they'll turn on this team once it's bad again.  Since they weren't even watching the Celtics until they got KG and Allen.
allstar1558::Teammates Accidentally Shave Off Anthony Davis' Eyebrows - http://www.brokensports.com/?p=400
allstar1557::Beautiful Davis!
Pdiddly15::Why won't Doc play (TWill) Terrence Williams? He is better than Lee, Terry,  and Crawford. He had plenty of great battles against Green in college. WTH?
Pdiddly15::still no objectional response from anyone.
NYChe21::Ummm.....take it from a Nets fan.....TWill is garbage.  If he hasn't learned to run the point, then he shouldn't be in the NBA.
LinHardenParsons::Take it from a Rockets fan also...TWill is garbage.  COMPLETE garbage.
Pdiddly15::I completely understand your comment bro, but don't you think the firing of Lawrence Frank for Avery Johnson AND the Nets being the WORST team in NBA history had to do with anything!?!? the kid was NBA rookie of the month April 10'
Pdiddly15::Oh yeah Lee, Terry, Bass, Crawford help you sleep any better?!?! can't hurt to see what the guy can do, especially versus NO!  cmon man!
chocolate__giddyup::when you're looking to terrence williams for help, you know you're in trouble
NYChe21::Exactly.
_Im not gay my boyfriend is::he cant shoot to save his life but yeah he prob better than crawford anyways. That guy is freaking brutal
Pdiddly15::way better than Bass!
FSoccer::I like how this team decides to win when it hurts our chances in the draft. dont get me wrong, im still happy they won
brooklynnets7::LOL!!!!!!!!!
steelerman57::I'm out of here. Sometimes you just have to let Boston fans cry themselves to sleep.
NolaJag::Anthony Davis was sick and puking in the morning, and made a game winner at night.   Welcome to the NBA, kid.
taste.the.rainbow.24::is the trade deadline over? -kevin garnett
--teethmold says--::Smh you guys are brutal!
gt1master_ike::Hahah, f_ck KG.
mojart::time for the hornets to end miami's winning streak
MisterTiki::You must be underthe assumption that the Hornets are good. they are not. They are just better then the Celtics. Then again most teams are.
NYChe21::Wow trolling a Cs NOLA board??  You guys really want me to hope the NYK can beat you, and I hate the Knicks.  Hate them.
mojart::will see.....anything can happen......;)
gt1master_ike::If there is one team we must beat, it is the Celtics. Good fkin job, Hornets.
beebopbaloop::Go and be happy for the rest of the season.
kobe being kobe in colorado::Don't worry, Celtic fans, the monstars didn't steal your teams powers, your team just naturally sucks.
mojart::celtics are 0-2 against the hornets....no excuses tonight...
CrimsonEyedDeath::Oh, I'm sure the Celtics fans have PLENTY of excuses.  It's a Boston Sports fan tradition to make up tons of excuses when your team loses.  Refs, injuries, conspiracies, aliens.  Because, as we all know, no Boston team is EVER beaten fairly by a better team, they're always the best team on the floor at any point in time and why don't they just give them the title to start the season?
tomBabauts::beebopbaloop - That season where Pierce was mostly injured, or that season where the C's had Ricky Davis?  Because you don't really expect to reach the playoffs without your only star, or with Ricky Davis.  - With Ricky Davis, Al Jefferson,  Tony Allen, Delonte West, Perkins, Wally, Olowakandi,
beebopbaloop::That's a solid second five.  NOT a starting five.  Don't get me wrong, it was an OK team, but it wasn't built to last.  I loved Googs, but he was fading by that time.  If memory serves right The Glove was on the bench as well and he was also on his last legs (though he still played for Miami after), and Antoine Walker was chucking shots from 35 feet away even if he had a hand in his face.  That was a high risk-high reward team.  Doc took it as far as it could.
jmatthews117::Lol Celtics lose when the Hornets are trying to lose
