Usarmy236::Anyone see how ET got blamed on sportcenter
knicksman7654::thanks thunder. knicks r now crawling up the ladder and hopefully will soon catch the 6ers
stop the duck1::sixers stink.....okc is worse  -sixers fan
MPerce4::UNDEFEATED!!! Only undefeated teams are any good. All of the NBA is terrible.
berr3555::If having the best record in the NBA is worse than stinking. Then, what record should a team have to be good?
emonne::If lebron missed that free throw that durant missed Skip Bayless would be talking about it into next week as a reason lebron shouldnt be MVP.
berr3555::Who cares what Skip says?????????????
sportspotpourri::Royal Ivy looks like Durant's brother.
BlindMeZae02::well we all knew this was coming another win by okc and another good game by westbrook and durant good game okc
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Is this team blaming me again?
hawaiianhonky::Instead of whining about the refs how about persuading your team to box out, any team that gets out rebounded by 17 is usually gonna lose
nccanes73::now that's just illogical
The_Iron_Fist::I will never understand how an out of control James Harden gets so many foul calls.
T8ke_A_Picture::James is far from out of control, he's layups are smooth. Are you even watching the games or only the boxscore.
The_Iron_Fist::I was at the game. The fouls they called when he had the ball he was out of control.
staffordqb12::james harden is the best player on okc no quesitons asked
winterfresh98::my question is why did you smoke that meth on the counter
cardinalsballer23::you stupid or something?
T8ke_A_Picture::I wouldn't go that far.
crabbymacintosh::Shows the diff between a young team whos been there and a young team who hasnt.  Sixers had every chance to close them out and couldnt.    That said, lost a little respect for Durant with his half swing at ET. I was sitting 15 feet away, there was nothing there to warrant that. Punk move.
The_Iron_Fist::If Meeks hits that three when Iguodala threw him a behind the back pass, the place would've gone berserk and that game would've been won. Sixers MUST find someone to take and MAKE the big shots at the end of games. Iggy may have to take on that role even though you can tell it's not what he wants to be.
crabbymacintosh::Ever watch a game before? Bows get thrown on every box out, its part of the game. This isnt college, you dont get to cry if a guy gets a little physical.
ALeafs2010::ET threw his elbows after the rebound was controlled if you check carefully. It was unwarranted and if I was KD I would've done the same.
crabbymacintosh::not sure what that means...but all im sayin is that if the roles were reversed and Turner swung like that he's ejected.
Jason Terry765::This the 2012 NBA they dont want u to be physical
ronnied85::Watch the replay...Evan Turner gave him an elbow to the ribs on the box out...still didn't warrant a shove, but Turner wasn't blame free.
crabbymacintosh::Not sayin the Sixers didnt need to attack more...but Jodie had several open jumpers at the end of the game and bricked em.  His job is to hit those, hes the best shooter on the team. They would have sealed the game, but it left the game open for OKC to come back.   And all that happened was a little shoving on the box out, when Durant swung nothing had been said yet.  Anyone else does that and its at least one tech, maybe an ejection.
Jason Terry765::Ur right about ur 1st point but u dont know what was said but Philly shot to many jumper and OKC was at the rim
VAdolfan::34-12 free throw advantage for OKC.  Another game ruined by the refs. Shocking, I know.
The_Iron_Fist::I was at the game. OKC got all sorts of gifts from the zebras as all teams have that have played the Sixers save the really really bad ones. Every night Doug Collins' team has to beat both the other team and the officials. Ibaka was not fouled on that late rebound and put back. He fell on his own. They called Iguodala and he didn't even touch Ibaka at all!
RADSportsFan::Sounds like a butthurt fan.  Just admit, the better team won last night.
hawaiianhonky::did you watch the game?  That's what happens when you attack the basket and not settle for jump shots the whole night
bobby30303::OKC keeps winning but can they match 150 MPG? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmlTrVha3M8
T8ke_A_Picture::Last thought, Sixers could of won if they closed out, but not hitting any shots did them in, not the refs. Sixers were so fix on Durant, Westbrook was out rebounding them in the middle.
winterfresh98::The loser alibi: refs
mmostello::Also, I get Durant and Westbrook going to the line, but James Harden??????????/ That dude is a b!t(h. He doesn't even play well in big games. Temple shut his bum @$$ down.  http://espn.go.com/ncb/boxscore?gameId=294000039
crimson-knights123::really, a college basketball link?
T8ke_A_Picture::lol! dude is a numbnut.
mmostello::34 to 12 in awarded free throws...........................
nerdvana506::cant believe sixers got outrebounded as badly as they did. Imagine if howard decided to join the sixers. Automatic contenders.
superseminole80::imagine if we got , kevin durant, russell westbrook, dwight howard,dwayne wade, and lebron james on one team! but that won't happen!
Usarmy236::ur a $@%!$@
Space-Bulls.::Wow Philly got shafted.
Huskies fan::Thunder@ best record in the NBA!
wingding2011::Number of Thunder's losses&gt;&gt;number of electoral votes Ron Paul will get.  Shame
gt1master_ike::The thunder D game is good enough on the road  Philly blows late in games. This is the same way chris paul beat them.  SMH
nerdvana506::thunder d is below par. and lupe is far from the best ever
todogg15::lin was going to be traded to the raptors day before nets game then knicks decided to give him one last chance. more details here: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
The Ref That Makes Your Team Lose::I played well tonight for the Thunder. According to most, I am the only reason they win.
allroy1313::I don't think the Sixers are all that favored by the refs, either, but they  didn't make a shot in the last 5:30 until Iguodala hit the 3 with 5 seconds left. Jodie Meeks, especially, missed some WIDE-open shots that could have and should have buried OKC.  Philly should have won by 10, but it still goes down as an "L".  Lately I've been feeling like I'm watching the Eagles' season all over again.  Outplay the other team but let them hang around, lead for most of the game, then hand them the win as time expires.
The_Iron_Fist::Yes. The Sixers have to make those shots. Williams was 1 for 7 in the final quarter I think. It wasn't JUST the refs, but they were involved in the loss.
lin_the_beast::LIN&gt;HOLIDAY
gabethegreat1323::ur a child
lin_the_beast::PHILLY?
MetropolitanFan4Life::The Sixers are chokers
superseminole80::so are the mets
john vanluit::Evan Turner with no points!  Is it time to consider him a bust and give up on him
nerdvana506::not even close. did u see him play in the rising stars game? he was brilliant
batmanisLuke::Even though Durant has more reach, Turner would still beat him down in a fight, Durant still needs to pick up some weight....so he can guard thick forwards like Lebrick
ALeafs2010::^ Luckily fans don't vote.
Edudlufetips::dude, no one besides lebron is getting any votes for mvp.
lspat1980::I thought this was NBA, not MMA. Who cares who would win in a fight? Durant is an MVP Favorite, and alot of people don't even know who Evan Turner is. THUNDER UP!!!!
lopo196::I'd take Lebron alone over Durant + Westbrook
gt1master_ike::Only an idiot would take lebron over 2 other superstar players who are 4 years younger and have yet to reach their absolute prime. .
sooner1980wb20::You obviously would also take stupidity over sanity.
batmanisLuke::I hate Lebrick, but you are correct
DoWorkSon847::Westbrook keeps doing his thing. Just needs to cut down the turnovers.
nerdvana506::he needs to distribute more and take less shots
manbearpirg::Durantbrook &gt; LeWade
picaac15::http://i1240.photobucket.com/albums/gg500/apicariello/ScreenShot2012-02-29at93435PM.png
T8ke_A_Picture::I don't get it?
jayshah96::Durant: Misses freethrow with 5 seconds left, only up by two Westbrook: Makes both freethrows after getting the offensive board off of Durants miss!  Not saying anything controversial, but I think Westbrook is just as capable as Durant at taking the last shot, maybe more capable because teams are going to be way more concentrated on guarding Durant rather than Westbrook
MPerce4::Been saying this for ages. We know Durant's the better shooter, but if he's double teamed and Westbrook ends up having to take the last shot of the game, I don't feel too terrible about it.
TROUTCPAOK::2 GOOD OPTIONS AT END OF GAME
TROUTCPAOK::TAKE IT FROM A 4-YEAR THUNDER SEASON TICKET HOLDER (WHO GREW UP NEAR HARRISBURG &amp; WAS A LONG-TIME SIXER FAN BEFORE OKC GOT ITS OWN TEAM) - THUNDER MAY HAVE ITS FAULTS BUT IT'S BEEN AN INCREDIBLE RIDE SINCE THAT 3-29 START 3 YEARS AGO - I'M ENJOYING THE RIDE
johnnytwojay::im also a 2 year season ticket holder  looking forward to the season ticket member party on march 11th
BigPage25::OHK vs Chicago in the NBA finals is going to be a good 1
superseminole80::nahh were facing the cavs in the finals
rds731::OHK??
blueprint234::OKC got some questionable foul calls..like that offensive foul on lou williams..the hell was that?
The Ref That Makes Your Team Lose::Don't tell me how to do my job! Do I tell you how to do yours?!!
jeffg07::Fact of the matter u can break down every game every night and say the same thing. U came on the OKC game board looking to Troll.
blueprint234::Actually I'm a unbiased heat fan..I call it like I see it, your probably the same person who thought that block on kevin durant when they played portland was a goldtend.
tonyssoprano::You sound like a true Heat Fan..Hit the Mavs Board ...I am sure they would Love to Relive last years Finals with you Troll..The Best part Memphis is spanking that Texas but tonight ! ! !
jruss1427::sixers are a STar big man away from the upper level of the league and until they loosen up somme salary w Iggy and Brand there stuck like this! those 2 combine arent worth one of there 12 mil dollar contacts!
roundmoundgtown::I thought jruss said the sixers r a "star" big man away from the upper level don't b bringin up no Spencer Hawes he's a bench player on a contending team!!!!!
jacobcchristian::Hawes is injured he was playing terrific until he got injured
jruss1427::based on the sixers situation w no big men at all and no star a team like OKC should have blown them out! OKC is still a step behind the best teams in the NBA! !!!!
jeffg07::Acting like the 6ers r a bad team and where not playing on their home floor.
TROUTCPAOK::THAT'S FOR SURE
TROUTCPAOK::STILL SEVERAL AREAS TO IMPROVE IF THUNDER IS TO WIN A TITLE
knightrider_0127::Turnovers being the main area of improvement
knightrider_0127::No stars or big men for sure.  But you don't need either of those to play good defense which is often forgotten about in this offensive minded league.
BigPage25::the sixers have a very good defense... Their ranked number 1 in the league in points allowed.... I didn't expect ohk to blow them out this game
TROUTCPAOK::LET'S FINISH THAT LAST THOUGHT - I EXPECT THUNDER TO PLAY MUCH BETTER TOMORROW NIGHT
TROUTCPAOK::BASED ON THUNDER'S TRACK RECORD THIS SEASON, I'M EXPECTING THEM TO PLAY MUCH BETTER
nerdvana506::it was a pretty ugly game overall on both ends
nerdvana506::thunder choked a lot towards the end of this game. sixers just choked more
jeffg07::Yeah man I am not to sure where these Trolls get there facts from. Check the record punks in the end thats all that matters.
tonyssoprano::2nd biggest point diff in the NBA moron...Thunder will keep winning and you can keep trolling...
TROUTCPAOK::THEY SEEM TO HAVE A KNACK FOR MAKING JUST ENOUGH PLAYS TO WIN
NBAisTHEbest06::crazy but good
NBAisTHEbest06::yeah its amazing how many games the have won but how low their points differential is
bgeelove::Why no one never discusses Durant and Wesbrook's bad shooting night like they do Kobe's?
nerdvana506::its called good defense jeff. dont take that away from one of the best defensive teams in the league
jeffg07::Lol because Kobe does it every night... Not too mention he will take 40 shots on a bad night and his team loses. KD has a off night against a good team on the road and well u know the result. Go back to LA's board
NBAisTHEbest06::consistency lol
Igetmorepussythanyou::i hope skip bayless gets hit by a bus tomorrow
knightrider_0127::Could the Thunder put togethger a trade with Boston to rent Rondo for the year to back up Westbrook?  It would hurt them in the long run though.
BlakeMoneyball::u..r.....nuts
BigPage25::The way ohk turned the ball over today they deserved a Loss
jeffg07::And lets give Phili some credit. They have an amazing Defense
TROUTCPAOK::THUNDER INDEED DESERVED TO LOSE - THAT'S WHAT IS SO EXCITING ABOUT THE THUNDER - THEY DON'T NEED TO PLAY THEIR BEST TO WIN - THAT'S THE MARK OF A GOOD TEAM - PLAYING A POOR GAME (EXCEPT FOR REBOUNDING) ON THE ROAD AGAINST A GOOD TEAM &amp; STILL LEAVING WITH A WIN...THUNDER WON'T PLAY THIS POORLY VERY OFTEN
WashFlokie::thats just how we roll, 28-7 with 1,000,000 turnovers
Igetmorepussythanyou::but did they lose bigdooch25?
venator360::Why is ever board for a decent NBA team full of Heat trolls? Thunder aren't even in the same conference.
jeffg07::And i like that the first comment is by someone trolling. Your previous comments might not have been bad but your attitude in this one was. TROLL
tonyssoprano::Amen ! ! !
winner5579::I agree about the heat trolls out here tonight, do you think they are jealous??
NBAisTHEbest06::im a heat fan but not a troll if you read some of my comment you might actually know that
Igetmorepussythanyou::i love russel westbrook so much he does so many good things for this thunder team thats why they have best record in nba.. on that note his turnovers need to go down a lot but thats not so much his skill set he just needs to make better decisions that will come in time hes only fricking 23 years old come on people give the guy a break
dazztime::@Igetmorepussythanyou - your initial comment is the truth. Too bad not to many people can see that. Give him some more time and he will be  a BEAST
ddolph2822::yeah westbrook killed us tonight. the man is a beast
NBAisTHEbest06::that team is becoming durant 1a westbrook 1b he bailed him out with huge rebounds tonight and hit his ft's and he is playing extremely well
venator360::To bad Skip Clueless will rail on him again tomorrow.
Igetmorepussythanyou::his ego is about as big as mt. everest
NBAisTHEbest06::on his twitter he already said the thunder won once westbrook stopped going gunner in the fourth and durant and harden won the game in the fourth i swear he must not have watched the game didnt see the missed ft's
NBAisTHEbest06::bro he hates westbrook rose lebron shows how much he knows he even tried to mention maybe durant isn't clutch because he didnt close out 3pt shootout seriously what a fool
Igetmorepussythanyou::when russel scored 40 points and had 9 assists and only 2 turnovers he railed on him.. i can't imagine what he will say tomorrow
TROUTCPAOK::I AGREE THAT LEBRON GETS TOO MUCH CRITICISM
blueprint234::Imagine if lebron missed those free throws and shots down the stretch like durant did..it would've been the headline on espn, how a guy gets criticized for not wanting to shoot the ball in the allstar, a game that doesn't count for anything..I have no ideal.
WashFlokie::backstabed
ddolph2822::broadcasting the betrayal of your hometown team to play with 2 other allstars taking the easy way out is a reason not to like some body. I don't hate Lebron I just hope he doesn't ever win a ring.
brycemo22::money was completely donated to a charity. Good thing he did actually. Cleveland should have known it was coming
dadburnitson::May not count as far as the regular season goes but as far as competitiveness and personal pride goes, the players want to win, NOT lose....otherwise why even play???
blueprint234::that has nothing to do with it..he tried to make a play and get a better shot than he had..wade open in the corner..why would he take a 30 foot jumper while being doubled?
venator360::After the Finals he'll never live down that criticism until he proves he's not a choker.
blueprint234::horrible series? he started off good in the first few games
venator360::True he's not but the fact is he was terrible in nearly every 4th quarter of those Final games.   Also Ray Allen has a Ring. He had a bad GAME Lebron had a horrible series.
blueprint234::yeah that is true..the finals did hurt him a lot, but he's not the only player who had a bad finals performance..I seem to remember a hall of famer ray allen shooting 0 for 13 in the 2010 finals against the lakers..but nobody brings that up.
brycemo22::yep. Durant is just as much of a non closer (more so really) than Bron yet people love him and lick his $@% hole
ALeafs2010::LOL those two are morons......... Durant has more game winning plays this year than LeBron's entire career.
brycemo22::Bron does have a big ego but alot of the time the media MAKES him say things that will either be detrimental to his team or hurt his profile to the public. I will agree he is a giant showboat though
dadburnitson::Big difference is that Durant is humble and keeps a low profile unlike Lebron who made such a big production joining the Heat and boasting how many rings the Heat were going to win. Don't brag until you have done it first and then don't brag.
brycemo22::ooooook....Bron has closed in a ton of games when he needs to as well if you watch Heat games. Cept when it has mattered the most he actually has a high percentage compared to others of making it. Yes that includes Durant. *yawn*
tonyssoprano::You dont Watch Thunder Games because the last 2 years Durant has Always taken the last shot...Yes me missed alot of them but he was man enough to take the shot...Thats what all you guy's living on Lebrons Jock strap will never understand....
WashFlokie::the "decision" and back stabbing your hometown, nah he dont deserve hate.
NBAisTHEbest06::akron still love him
tonyssoprano::He is not from Cleveland ??? But he said he didnt like Cleveland growing up...Get your BS straight fool..
WashFlokie::use dots much? ..... ..... .....
WashFlokie::both of you are on brons jock, funny
blueprint234::who cares? he's not from Cleveland..he said he didn't even like Cleveland growing up.
theheatison136::no your really dumb...listen to yourself...he back stabbed...who?.....
WashFlokie::pretty sure people from Akron travel to Cleveland to watch the Cavs. All of Ohio's NBA fans felt backstabbed.  you dumb
theheatison136::wow...back stabbing his home town?...how ignorant are y'all....did he kill ppl in his home town?, did he rub them in any way? or maybe he rapped the little children in that town...how foolish are y'all.....if you had a choice to work at a place of your choice what would you do?.....fools with no moral sense....
blueprint234::he ain't back stabb shitttt..dude could leave if he wanted...he was a free agent, carmelo or chris paul aren't called "back stabbers" and he's not even from Cleveland..he's from akron so it isn't "his hometown team"
NBAisTHEbest06::not anymore dude get over it
tonyssoprano::He wouldnt have missed the shots down the stretch he would have been PASSING the ball to Wade or Bosh....
tonyssoprano::If you dont know by now you never will.......The same reason Kobe,Carmello ,Barkley and everyone else was wondering why he didnt take the shot at the end of the All Star game.....Same story diferent Day for the self proclaimed KING....
blueprint234::if he's not open and wade or bosh has a better shot..why not pass it? that's what he tried to do in the allstar game..he just made a bad pass..he was being doubled by kobe and durant and he passed it for a better shot..wade wide open in the corner.
theheatison136::and why is that a bad thing?....pls expand
theheatison136::its soo sad how much he's hated bro...the man can't even cough, if he does it will make the news...lol
_mongo__slade_::Lotta people were pointing to this stretch at the end of Feb to find out who the Sixers really were after such an easy schedule. Well, they went 1-6 with the only win coming  over Detroit.  Nuff said.
pnut4ou::I mean third best team in the East
pnut4ou::YOU are an idiot.  I am a Thunder fan, and I think Philly is by far the hardest defense that I have seen this year against OKC!!!  I think they are the 3rd best teams.  Even over orlando, because philly has the D' to contend in the playoffs.  They played terrible on the offense, and yet the d kept them in the game.  Great game philly, Go Thunder
