Jason Cabildo::Warrioirs 99 Piston 88
Jr Eastwood::this should be a blow out warriors 95 pistons 82
Joshua Mills::Jeff... 5 out of 7 games away from home. 4-3 record with a 2 point loss to Spurs with out curry. I think it's a little to early to say we can only beat up on bad teams. Let us face the "better teams" on our Court as well if your going to say that.
Ryan Zamora::This is going to be an interesting game, warriors perimeter offense and pesky defense vs detroit's stellar interior talent. Lee vs Monroe I think will be the x-factor in tonight's game.
Charley Doherty::The Pistons perimeter defense has been pretty bad the first 6 games, I don't expect that to change facing Steph Curry and the Warriors tonight.
Andrew Gregory Kragt::This Pistons D is worse than ever.  Pretty pathetic.  We might be in the Wiggins, Parker, Randle sweepstakes by seasons end.
Joshua Gabel::The Pistons aren't playing bad. They're barely losing to some of the better teams in the league. They'll pick it up.
Paul Schmidt::Josh, I wish I shared your optimism.  Unfortunately, they just are not a great team.  Knowing the Pistons, they will play just well enough to fall out of the lottery.
Brett Goldman::Neither team seems very interested in playing the rest of the game
Joe Allanoff::is josh smith injured? why isn't he in
Khoo Wee Sheng::From what I've seen so far, Jermaine O'Neal is turning out to be one of the best bargain deals (barring back to back games). Still one-two key reserves away from a decent playoff squad though... our losses have all come when the starters have off-days and no one on the match can make up for it (i.e. a Jarret Jack). I foresee a very busy January... hopefully some squads decide to tank (Boston - Gerald Wallace? Humphries?)
Kristin Vaughn::Brandon Jennings looks HORRIBLE... ill-advised shot, ill-advised pass, ill-advised foul, ill-advised shot, ill-advised shot, on & on...
Timothy J. Casey::'Gonna be a long night in GS if we don't defend the perimeter better. Other than that, this should be a winnable game if Monroe gets his touches and KCP and maybe Siva get some playing time. Our best defenders need to be on the floor at some point.
Ronnie Duke::wow. detroit is WASTE. how do you let a team put up 94 on you before the 4th quarter hits? even better yet, how do you let a guard with constant jacked up ankles run circles around you?
Cory Nope::Dumars officially has to go. Hopefully he takes Cheeks with him.
Eddie Sneeh::Without Jack and Landry, the W's second unit has undergone a major downgrade from last season!   Will be interesting to see what they'll do in the playoffs!
Steve Broome::Harrison Barnes is on the second unit and has more experience.Same with Draymond Green.  Dead weight like Biedrins is gone. The second unit will be fine. Jack will be missed though.
Tony Prudom::A MINUS 31 for Brandon Jennings! Holy cow. Thank God he's Detroit's problem now. Enjoy that 35% shooting. Minus 31!! That is hilarious!!
Johnny M. Reid Jr.::Josh Smith, Drummond, Monroe, Billups and Jennings = worst defense the Pistons have ever had. They've given up 30 in the first way too often
Jordan Ho::monroe. billups, jennings, smith are all below average defenders. i put josh in this category cause he is not quick enough to guard SFs in this league so he will get burned.
Cory Nope::You must not remember life under John Kuester
Riley Roberts::Alright alright now Golden State Warriors NO MORE TURNOVERS AND NO MORE O-FOULS
Eric Bell::Pistons need to start keeping tabs on their positions. Way too many wide open areas with unguarded players to make cake shots.
Brandon Tigues::I really thought the pistons were a playoff team this year, maybe they still are but they've gotten off to a bad start so far..
Andrew Gregory Kragt::They have some of the worst defense I've seen.  Teams constantly get open looks if not dunks/layups.
Brandon Tigues::Andrew Gregory Kragt  that's the thing I don't understand, why are they so bad at defending the rim when they have smith..monroe and drummond guarding the rim, they shouldn't be this bad.
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Brandon Tigues I think it all starts with Jennings.  He reaches or just lets his guy go by, then someone has to help, then someone has to help the helper and we get all out of whack.  I don't know but it's hard to watch.
Brandon Tigues::to bad josh smith won't learn to stop taking those 3's or he could be dominate in the paint..he'll never learn to use his size
Cory Nope::Youd have to move Drummond or Monroe.
Brandon Tigues::Cory Nope  that's true also
Cory Nope::Id flip Monroe right now for Klay Thompson. Sad that we kept Stuckey- yet we traded Aaron Afflalo and hed fit perfect within this system.
Jr Eastwood::THE WARROIRS DOMINATED THIS GAME PISTONS ARE A GOOD TEAM WARRIORS ARE A REAL GOOD TEAM
Paul Schmidt::The Warriors are good, the Pistons are less than good.
Geoff Starling::Paul Schmidt C'mon now paul. Pistons have a chance to be good. They have like 8 new players and several of them missed most of training camp.
Matthew L Smith::foget small ball...lets go BIG BOY BALL...2 PF's 2 C's and a point guard each side...Awesome.
Cory Nope::You just described Brandon Jennings basketball wet dream
Jr Eastwood::lets face it on parer the warriors win easy but you have too play the game warriors 102 pistons 85
Eddie Sneeh::Steph is taking full control of the game... He's amazing!
Eddie Sneeh::W's second unit still stuck on 5 points for the quarter!
