Bens Dirt Dogs::Westbrook is the best player this year
goostate24::"Russell only scores and passes better than he ever has in his career. ONLY 25+ points and 8+ assists a night?? Man that dude sucks. OKC will always suck as long as they have a player as terrible as Russell if he ONLY gets 25 points and 8 assists a night. He sucks."   Anyone who says this knows absolutely nothing at all about basketball in the world. You are all trolling idiots, and need to be quiet and continue to watch him destroy defenses as okay builds its NBA leading record. Idiots.
diehardnr1::Dismal effort on the road Nuggets... I know,I know...2nd game of B2B, Chandler resting  hip, etc BUT pretty weak effort if you ask me.  No hustle,  no fire,,,no chance  Too bad schedulers could not have seen fit to have Seattle on 2nd nite of B2B on the short H/A series,,,if just to see the effect it had.  If the  return game is a similar romp by Sonics, then Nuggets need to start hoping they avoid them in first round and that somebody else knocks them off...  gg Seattle  GO NUGGETS!!!
RDavison82::LOL, your team gets destroyed by a superior team so you resort to calling the Thunder Seattle pathetic
Westjag::What??
goostate24::Huh?
StephenHawking4Heisman::If you listen closely, each time Westbrook scores, you can hear Skip Bayless snarling.
DrumKid003::Nice to see Westbrook, Durant and Martin get their game back. Yes, they're on a 5 game win streak but 3-4 games before this one it seemed like every one of the starters and even the 2nd squad was cold shooting from the floor. The next two games should be decent games and not complete blowouts like the Denver game, but the game next Tue against LAC will the be game two watch out of this 6 game road trip.
Pusherman3::Meh, game means nothing to the Nuggets.  They aren't as good as OKC but aren't this bad either.  Back end of a back to back with an OT game the night before.  If GK didn't wantot get his team fined he probably would have left half of them home.    Hopefully, the Nugs show on Saturday...but it is another 2nd of a back to back.  I still think it wil be a very competitive game.  Nugs are tough at home.
Qzhoopin20::Way back in the day, it was perfectly fine for Jerry West &amp; Elgin Baylor to coexist for YEARS on the Lakers, both guys averaging anywhere from 27-32 ppg and nobody accused either one of trying to show up the other one, or either guy "trying to be a star".  I don't get all this b.s. people spew out about Westbrook "trying to be a superstar".  Well, duhhhh!! I thought the idea of being a pro athlete was to maximize your skills &amp; talent!!  Westbrook NEVER cheats his team or the fans of maximum effort on both ends of the court! It just so happens that his style of PG is not like John Stockton or Mark Jackson.
Westjag::Well.said. Mass media will attempt to make or break a career. It takes a.real man to continue standing once the cameras clear.
Da-THUN-Da::Westbrook is slowly proving all the stubborn, jealous people wrong who think either he shoots to much or the Thunder cant win with an untraditional pg.  Dude is good and I wouldnt trade him for any other point in the league.
Qzhoopin20::We won't hear Skip Bayless comment on Westbrook today, since he shot 60% and didn't have any turnovers, in a 20-point blowout that would've been even worse if he &amp; KD had played in the 4th quarter!! And if he does comment, he'll only say "Westbrook took too many shots!"
ddd007ddd::will d rematch on sunday be same of same or a different nugget?
springfresh3.1::I would say depends on the rotation and if Wilson does play
Da-THUN-Da::I dont think so. Its tough to get up for the same game twice esp when you blow them out the first time. I think the Thunder still win but will be a good game.
AllInForLife1984::Started betting with this online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  In my first month using the system, I made about 3K in profits.  If you like betting on sports, I highly recommend this system.
Young_Guruu::Thunder came out to play, Nuggets didn't... Not a surprise though... Nuggets have consistently been inconsistent most of the year. We'll get it one of these days... gg Thunder, well deserved win.
Westjag::How can you say nugz played the thunder evenly the last 3 qtrs when the starters didn't even play in the 4th?
69durango::Recently the Nugs have been starting very poorly and against OKC that amounted to sudden death.  The game was decided and over in the first qtr.. Played them even last three quarters.  Too little too late.  We need a couple leaders to develop and take over.  Unfortunately the Nugs may need to trade for a leader.  I don't see one on this squad.
brandonstephensy::Id rather have an inconsistent consistent team
NickBenCor::A consistently inconsistent team... I like it
ThunderHornz::A few years ago that was us!
MilesAboveYou::George Karl = The Andy Reid of the NBA.
springfresh3.1::So is GK but both of them make stupid decisions and made quite a lot
4480William::George Karl is one of the most overrated coaches in NBA history.  In 24 NBA years, he holds the record with 13 first round exits.  He is the only coach in NBA history to be in first place in his division at the all star break and still miss the playoffs (Milwaukee 2002) and he did that with three 20 point scorers (Casell, Big Dog and Allen).  He is the only coach in NBA history to be the No.1 overall record in the league and to lose to a sub. 500 team in the first round (Denver 1994) and the following year he was the No.2 seed and lost in the first round to No.7 LA.  How many jobs have he been fired from?  Cleveland, Golden State, Seattle, Milwaukee.  In 9 years in Denver, he has lost in the first round 8 times.  Let's look at who he had in Denver.  Carmelo, Billups, AI, JR Smith, Kenyon Martin, Birdman,  Affalo, Nene, Al Harrington, Ty Lawson, Galinardi-the guy has had some talent on his teams.
NickBenCor::Andy reid is a good coach
John43544::OKC= KD4MVP!!!!
NBAnuggets420::Very disappointed how nuggets came out. It's like if Coach Karl told them dont worry if we loose tonight. Smh
jayeteee::At least we didn't lose any ground. The real losers tonight are the fans that attended the game. Sure they were treated to a home win, but when the road team cashes it in before it begins, then no one wins.
ThunderHornz::Should we sue the Nuggets lol?
jayeteee::Your call, wouldn't blame you if you did. But then you'd have to sue every other team in the NBA as well. They all do it. :)
James Harden 3 point Celebration::the Thunder hate is rising the more we win...i love it, lets get this chip
Gods illa::Good game squad Thunder Up
CUBAN HONEY.::Westbrook is clearly the MVP of this team.
Kitastrophy::Westbrook strikes again!
mcook813::Westbrook still trying to prove to the world he's a better shooter than Durant. As long as he's on the Thunder, they won't win the Finals.
jeffg07::Wow... Westbrook is having one of the best ALL AROUND seasons for a PG and people still hate. Best record in the NBA, playing the best D I have ever seen OKC play and people still hate. Its all good at the end of this year there will be nothing to say
springfresh3.1::some of you people need to read the whole stat line instead of his FGA
Bevonator69::Yeah... Cause someone that puts up 32 points is hurting the team...
Bevonator69::Well said. Westbrook is one of the most explosive players out there. His game has much improved this year from lasts.
BlueSh1rt::Some people just hate Westbrook. Doesn't matter what he does. Of course he has faults, all players do, but his positives far outweigh his negatives. Let them hate, it means nothing.
NickBenCor::Im so $@%!$@% depressed right now
BlueSh1rt::1-800-GET-HELP
Revenanteternal::Welcome to reality, Nugg-Nets!
Michigantown::Chandler would have shut Durant and Westbrook down
jeffg07::Hahaha dumbest comment of the nite.
NickBenCor::YEA RIGHT
Johnny Football didnt need a fake GF to win the Heisman.::<b>My nigggas Bron &amp; Chris way better than Durant doe.</b>
jeffg07::Wow............ Nothing else to say
Adversaryy::Making your comment bold and liking it won't get you any likes. Saying doe...will get you stabbed.
blackbabyjeebus::Ray Lewis was here?
bearsbball12::Liking your own status makes it true.
Johnny Football didnt need a fake GF to win the Heisman.::<b>Durant - Refs = Monta Ellis</b>
TDK2345::So what is LeBron - Refs= A ringless wonder
jeffg07::Dumb A**
RafaWoods01::Pathetic.
918Pokes::31-8, Bucks aren't close to that. Quit trying.
Johnny Football didnt need a fake GF to win the Heisman.::<b>Durant fuqqin sucks, he gets free throws if a niggga breathes on him or looks in his direction.</b>
Okcin2013::Another fangirl in here chirping.
thunder.up.MFs::Thunder is so awesome right now
bigalz72::The Thunder bent over the nuggets tonight.
jeffg07::No excuse at all. They got worked in all levels and the Thunder are no where near a 100%
Luncey612::The Thunder couldnt have played much better than they did tonight (esp in that first half), therefore I would argue they are near 100%.
blackbabyjeebus::Nuggets went OT last night and are without the guy who hit the game winning shot.  They came out flat for sure and this has to be part of it.  I think Sunday will be a better match to gauge how far behind the Nuggets are from OKC.
theanimal53::Couldn't have said it better than that. My Nuggets didn't come to play.
Mr Viz::Face in the pillow and everything.
Strike 1 yer OUT::ahhhh snap Seattle.. KD wearing the redmans cap
Strike 1 yer OUT::something wrong with Lawson tho. usually lights up the Thunder
Strike 1 yer OUT::i know. was strange. he usually just goes off vs okc
theanimal53::Nobody came to play against the Thunder tonight in my opinion. So that's why he got benched I think.
SoonerCWI::3 quick fouls
James Harden 3 point Celebration::westbrook is a beast! he coulda had 60!
Strike 1 yer OUT::shave your beard
thunder.up.MFs::Here's one....SMANGANG is a Laker fan!!! LOL
James Harden 3 point Celebration::lakers suck i thought
ToughSport::Not saying OKC would benefit from his services, but why did we get rid of James Harden again?
jeffg07::Bigger Market???? He went to the Rockets not the Lakers
kidplay44::See harden would have gotten more from okc on a 4 year deal plus a championship contender.  I guess he wanted to b a starter though!  Hm
RafaWoods01::He went to a bigger market and wanted his chance at being a star in the league.  He didn't want to be in OKC, so he got traded.
kidplay44::Ok everyone now 6 yr 80 million/6 years is 13.333. Ok 55.5 million/4 years is 13.875 plus more tv view  endorsements the beard commercials.  Hm the 55 million sounds alot  better !  Right?  Think about
Shackdaddy16::Except he signed a 5 year deal
Green Arrow is Back::He didnt accept the contract offer from OKC, so OKC traded him for being a whiny demanding b*tch
Green Arrow is Back::As a Bulls fan, i was kind of upset Harden got traded to the rockets, but to be honest i have been enjoying watching K-Mart for OKC, he has been really good...should be 6th man of the year candidate
jeffg07::Dont let the troll get u. Thanks for being a true NBA fan
SMANGANG::bandwagoner!!!!!
Green Arrow is Back::My Bulls won mother fu.cker im just watching the remaining minutes of the OKC game idiot
cha204::SMANGANG   HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; westbrick all up until the finals... ...more - WHAT A MORON. Harden has never been as good as WESTBEAST!
RafaWoods01::Russ played a lot better than Harden did. Harden is a better shooter than Russ and a pretty good passer but his defense is suspect and he's is not capable of doing some of the things that Russ does naturally. Yeah, Russ was really bricking it out there. Straight $@%!$@%!.
SMANGANG::okc got to the finals thanks to harden balling!!!! harden &gt;&gt;&gt; westbrick...  in the finals.. harden kept of nightmares of world peace's elbow so he went missing.. thats why okc lost... durant was still durant.. n westbrick was jus bricking!!!
DCJohnsonHBG08::Uhh what finals did you guys watch? Durant punked out, because he got called for a foul everytime he looked at Lebron for more than 3 seconds, Harden choked, and Westbrook was in fact the only one who showed heart the entire time, and this is coming from an OKC fan. Did you guys forget westbrooks 43 points in game 4? I was very dissappointed in the way Durant handled the ref's Lebron bias. he's gonna need to learn to play through that.
leon_200::agreed. durant was fricking carrying that team like he was playing with the warriors. westrbrook turned into his alter ego westbrick and harden was no where near to be found.
ToughSport::Poor Harden will never go back to the finals again.
Green Arrow is Back::true
James Harden 3 point Celebration::westbrook is a beast
cha204::YOU MEANT BEAST IS CLICKING!
SMANGANG::beast in bricking!!!
ironklad82::Not tonight!
SoonerCWI::Iddiot.....
Strike 1 yer OUT::31-8
11madness::faried beasting on OKC
beebopbaloop::OKC doing a number on the Nuggets.
Young_Guruu::Did not expect to win tonight off of a back to back in OKC... But we gave them the game early. I wish we could bring intensity every night.
jc_sooner::It was never a game
James Harden 3 point Celebration::thunder up boys!!
Green Arrow is Back::haha, Harden got smacked by dallas
cha204::Change your name now bro!
4 Petes Sake::Im guessing SMANGANG hates Russ so much because Russ makes the Spurs look so old and slow.
theanimal53::The only thing that would make me feel better tonight is if dwade better den jordan were here tonight. I swear that guy is a clown.
haliborange::even that wont make me better
ESPNisBSNEWZ::"nuggits didnt play hard enuff 2 win dis game jus my too cents tho taik it or leeve it"
jayeteee::jist my 2 sense tho
4 Petes Sake::SMANGANG this is the kind of game that makes westbrick think he can shoot like durant.. westbrick has one of these games every what?? 10 games... next game.. he'll shoot no better than 6 of 22.... okcs downfall is westbrick.. if i was Durant.. i would have him REMOVED!!  Where did OKC make it to last year with Russ?  Who did they embarrass in the WCF to get there?
SoonerCWI::Wow....I mean WOW!
SMANGANG::HARDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; westbrick all up until the finals... thats why okc lost...
ESPNisBSNEWZ::"if i were durant I would have him removed" lol why even respond to this idiot
Green Arrow is Back::GTFO, im a Bulls fan but l like Westbrook, his great for OKC
springfresh3.1::still hoping for that Russ/Rose game
Green Arrow is Back::The only team that can prevent KD from winning a ring in June is Miami....anyone else coming to the finals will get blown out...
SMANGANG::you mean the only person that can prevent OKC from winning a ring is a player on OKC... guess who!!???
cha204::Miami aint getting past Indiana!
jaguars7282::why was there a Tech on KD? i didnt see anything that would cause a Tech
springfresh3.1::stare down
RoidRage1986::GG Thunder. Denver better play with intensity if they want to win on Sunday. This is exactly why guys like Lawson and Gallo can't take the next step, inconsistency, effort and aggressiveness.
theanimal53::Denver just needs some consistent shooters. 2-15 from three point land tonight to OKC's 9-19.
Strike 1 yer OUT::why is nancy leiberman OKC
thunder.up.MFs::that top accentuatin them tittays
Strike 1 yer OUT::lol
cha204::I DK BUT i think she does a good job!
Strike 1 yer OUT::yeah she does, just dunno why legendary Nancy is OKC
4 Petes Sake::I dunno.  but I wanna hit that.
cha204::Ya old dirty dog lmfao!
kd is the real mvp35::I wish westbrook would play like this every game. 0 turnovers and 50+ percent shooting.
cha204::KD  is turning over the ball more lol!
mc115p::Why did lawson play only 20 minutes??
4 Petes Sake::vaginitis
theanimal53::That's an easy answer.
4 Petes Sake::OKC will torch the Spurs in their next meeting.
SMANGANG::parker will &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; westbrick...  next meeting.. parkers stats... 26 points, 12 assits, 3 stls, 1 TO westbrick stats... 16 points on 4 of 20 shooting... 5 assts... 5TOs
Jack1234567883751::In a Thunder win....
