CIS 237::Warriors have no chance to win this game. The league won't allow it. They have a special interest in making sure the Lakers make the playoffs.
9erballer::Well Kobe when the league cheats for you and your team.... KARMA lerks!! Too Bad she had to take it out on you!!
9erballer::This was the MOST Obvious FIXED Game ever!!!! The officiating was the worst ever.....and its because again this game was FIXED! Shot 50 shots from the free throw line when in reality it should have been around 18-22
a.d.c.69::Lala's wost free throw shooting team in leauge, scores second higest percentage of total points per game from foul line.  Anyone who thimks they don't get extreme help from refs must also believe in the tooth fairy and $@%! on you eceonmics
Lakers will make the playoffs and win the Championship::For anyone complaining about how many free-throws the Lakers get, a big reason is because of Dwight so stop complaining. Did everyone forget the Miami Heat flopped their way to a Eastern conference finals?
DubsFanInChi::I normally don't like blaming the officiating for Warriors losses, because I figure there would be some missed calls or bad calls once in a while. However, that game last night just had way, way too many questionable calls that favored the Lakers. As a fan, it's very frustrating to watch your team who is fighting hard against Houston for the sixth spot, lose a game due to so many questionable calls. I actually started to feel bad for the Warriors players while watching the game. You could tell the outcome of the game was pretty much predetermined, and they could do nothing about it. No matter how hard they tried to win..
arizonASUckss::the kings, clips, and lakers were in the playoffs last year.  staples center is a cash cow
Zodiiak::50 to 16 free throws.  WOW.  Yeah, the NBA is really not trying to help the Lakers into the Playoffs.   BULLLLLLLSSSSHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEET
Mehmet2474::it also could be that the warriors were trying to hack howard, this is from a celtics fan by the way
Tiamatt14::Even if every single FT D12 shot was from a hack, that would still be 16-28 in favor of the Lakers. I didn't see the game so I can't judge the calls, but number wise that's still a pretty huge difference.
Diarkia124::I was watching from the Warriors feed, the commentators were pissed. However, I don't see ESPN, NBA Network, etc ranting about the calls other than the Warriors cast. I think they have influenced their fanbase who is probably more pissed that they lost to their hated division rivals and blew a lead.
prayer.warrior::This game reeked of either gambling influence or the NBA's desire to make sure the Lakers make the playoffs to keep in place their potential dream ratings matchup in the Finals with Miami. It's games like this one that convince the public that these contests are fixed. If Stern was smart he'd nip this in the bud really quickly  by investigating what happened in this game. But that would only take place if he wasn't involved. Hmmm. The ref who just made one crazy call after another should be investigated for gambling influence or fired for blatant incompetence. As for Stern and the Association office, whichever networks have the Finals, the Lakers and last but not least Kobe Bryant: Karma's a $@%!$ ain't it?  Black Mamba my butt! Who get's to give themselves nicknames (besides Shaq who did it making jokes)?
O Zone Pro.::It's all over for the Lakers.
utfanatic2007::Stern + NBA refs = A good day to be a Laker.
colosportsman::Bad luck Laker fans..Your done for the season without Kobe..even if you make the playoffs. Not a chance..
SB4LlFE::F U to the lakers + refs + stern and karma to the lakers with the injury
WeAreTheMenInBlack::"Kobe is good to go for Sunday night against the Spurs."  -- Mike Shanahan
Andrew The Kingpin Bynum::Breaking News: Following surgery, Kobe was seen wearing a boot while participating in a 5 on 5 scrimmage in hopes of being playing shape for the game against the Spurs.
kenny352352352::You mean a one on five scrimmage.:)
throwingpicks2011::So I didn't watch the game but how does one team get 50 free throws and the other only get 16? Did Golden State try to go the Orlando route of hacking dwight every time up the floor or did the refs just call everything in the Lakers favor?
prayer.warrior::^^FAIL!!! the Dubs had just as many inside score (or more) as the Lakers. The game was fixed as any fool with two eyes that actually watched the game could see. Even the guy's calling the game couldn't figure out what was going on but were careful to not say what their incredulity implied: FIX!
vchikhani1::W's shoot jumpers all day and foul Dwight all night.
tmarlow331::Even Kobe admits that his leg gave out.   He was not fouled.  The league needs to review the entire game film.
Terry 1953::very simple, NBA wants the Lakers in the playoffs
ESPN 0NLY BANS MIAMI FANS::<b>I was a Clippers fan anyway. -Lakers fans.</b>
Rox_youngest_2clinch_so_yousuck::i hate all the mexico lakers fans in LA the most but especially hate mexico laker fans here in texas...biggest posers known to man  suck it to all of them.time to forget bball exists forever laker nation!!!
KingJulius52::Lol if this isnt racist, I don't know what is.
Eg214::What race are u?
derek_510::it doesn't matter.  there's shi tty people in every race/ethnicity.
Rox_youngest_2clinch_so_yousuck::suck it kobe..your coach is average and your team mates could care less how many minutes you played and how much strain they put on you or you put on them...hahah lol lakers
kevin da ant::im not a lakers fan or a kobe fan but i feel really bad for him now. 6-9 months is a huge amount of time. i hope he comes back and plays like he has bean.
mccoy3181::Lakers as you know them are done. Go Spurs Go
mccoy3181::Lol
klippyk::50-16... seems legit
kenny352352352::Stern
kevin da ant::lakers fans thought that 50-16 would be their record at the beginning of the season. not the ft attempts that they need to beat the warriors.
epitome1986::sad that kobe's scoring "tear" was simply manufactured by the refs. he has been averaging 14.7 free throw attempts in his last 4 games. which is extremely high considering he mostly shoots jump shots.
elibird5432::Not really considering everone wants to be a "KOBE STOPPER" and continue to bite on the pump fakes to be able to say, "I blocked Kobe Bryant's shot." Not to mention he gets fouled going to the hoop also. You should pay attention and see how they try to dog him on defense and send multiple people at him. He is also the most double teamed player in the league when he has the ball. Bottom line is he "does" get fouled, alot.
Mambaholic 33::Nice pump fake - going to the hoop falling to the ground with torn Achilles "drawing the foul"…Have to say thats a new one!
GermanKlippa::I got just two wordas for the game I mean for the NBA "officiating"m or better put zebras.......:  SHAME GAME..........!!  NBA is a BIG JOKE.......-
2111e::The biggest joke was when Howard slammed his shoulder into Curry and they called the foul on Curry. If that wasn't bad enough the refs let BLAKE take the FTs instead of Howard and his 39% avg.This gave the Lakers the lead. When one team makes more than double the number of FTs that the other team attempts there is a serious problem.
22lakergirl4life::It's hard to get fouls when you are knocking down threes!
utfanatic2007::NBA is the WWE.
Eg214::Do the Lakers Suck more with Kobe Or without Kobe?
Mambaholic 33::Win 70% of time when he doesn't play - (62W - 27L) Lifetime! just like when he goes out of the gm for awhile - LA goes on runs far more often than not
Mambaholic 33::Only gms that he has missed fool - follow the question Faker Fan! Will they do better with or without? And the answer is... They have won 70 + percent of the time when he hasn't played up to this point goof! Part of being LA Fan is having and low IQ and ignoring facts proved once again!!
elibird5432::Wrong bougus stat. Kobe has a winning % when playing fool. He's also played in over a thousand games. Get out of here talking about a total of 89 games "Lifetime", please!
Heatle Beatle::16 fts to 50, good god
convolutedthought::hate kobe all you want but you cant disrect his passion and drive for the game...NBA wont be the same without Kobe =(
f1atsp1der::You still haven't spelled it correctly
convolutedthought::*dsirespect
heatonomics::Does this mean that the Lakers are going to get enough more preferential treatment when it comes to foul calls, so that they can make the playoffs?
xuscbs::ESPN is not going to talk about the horrendous one-sided officiating, but the NBA should know something is seriously wrong with some officials when it comes to the Lakers.  They always get preferential treatment.  This needs to stop!
friendly__neighborhood__scrawler::I hear some people killing D'antoni for over playing Kobe.. not resting him   you have to be kidding me... YOU must not understand the Laker "hierarchy" let me explain     1. the BUSS FAMILY   2. Kobe   3. Kobe getting his...   4. Kobe getting his...   5. Kobe getting his...   -   -   49. Kobe getting his...   50. Phil Jackson   51. Laker G.M.   -  -   93. Kobe getting his...   94. starters 2-5   95. Kobe getting his....  96. Kobe's toenail clippings   97. Mike D'antoni   98. bench 6,7   99. dirt   100. players 8-15 less
Bronko 44::The best story of the game for the Lakers is being completely ignored by the media.  Pau Gasol scored 26 pts on 9-13 shooting, grabbed 11 rebounds and had 10 assists.  If that was Kobe’s stat line and Gasol had been injured, the media would be trumpeting Kobe’s numbers while Gasol’s injury would be a mere footnote (just like earlier this year when Gasol WAS injured.)   The media has been appalling in the blatant, biased coverage of Bryant.
srvblues650::could there possibly be an even bigger story from this game thats being completely ignored by all media outlets?
Diarkia124::As a Lakers fan, I think that Curry was all over Gasol in terms of performance.
Terry 1953::Hey Lakers, you guys suck with Kobe and you suck without him.
Thatsright651::I heard on espn radio Dick Bevetta being quoted as saying. The league is better off when the Lakers advances in the playoffs. He is still a nba ref. His only job is to call the game I thought. The nba has seriuos problems.
WhyThisKnicksTape::31 points on 13-of-16 shooting. five rebounds and two steals     YES JR SWIshhhhhh
Thatsright651::The league need to be investigated over its phoney lottery. They have zero credibility. If you can rig a draft you can do anything else you want to do. Nice job dave Stern, You ruined the nba while pocketing 20-30 million a year for 30 years.
MinkzN::Some rigged officiating in favor of the Lakers the past week.  NBA wanted Lakers in playoffs.
knicksnsx::Humans make mistakes all the time, when the mistake happen to be towards one team 20 times in a row, I just smile.
scottpilgrim35::"Well at least this will give me extra time to go rape more girls"  Kobe
knicksnsx::This is an upstanding league and Donaghy was just a Rogue Ref who had no accomplices. It is clear that stern thinks all people are idiots,  while most are, a few see the picture. Just watch game 6, Sacramento vs L A and draw your own conclusion.
said.no.one.ever::Gasol's triple double got overlooked because of Kobe's injury
Mambaholic 33::Was close to having one last gm…LA's Bigs doing all the Heavy Lifting as always
DreDazer::one of the worst officiating jobs i've seen...
Oaktown1029::When there's a 50-16 disparity in free throw attempts, it would be logical to assume the Lakers were more dominant in paint - but the points in the paint were equal for both teams (34) - so WTF? it's embarrassing for the league.
jasiekforever::layups are also considered points in the paint .. and gs had plenty of them
UW 206 GU::Dunks and layups are no different....They are next to the darn basket.
KS1113::kobe now can help another scumbucket jordan hill choke his wife
KS1113::kobe will get foul calls while getting his MRI
KS1113::next game 75 FTs for lakers
American League Championship Series 2004::Why are all the comments disappearing? And then sometimes reappearing?  Broken Forums? Flaggers Idiot Moderators?
butlandroundisgoindown::Shhh...if they find out you know about the aliens, they'll make you disappear too.
bsimon30::Lakers got 50 FTA? I would love to be a laker fan and know that their gonna get taken care of by the refs.
jasiekforever::too bad for every team that doesn't have a superstar then.. you better quit watching
