truesportfanman::Marshall and crystal just might bring the depends if the clips keep losing.
Soonerhopeful1::I sympathize with Lakers fans who are not mature enough to accept Clippers as better...  With Clippers youthful talent, in time Clippers must dominate in L.A.   Lakers have absolutely nothing to compare with Griffin. Griffin dominates either Bynum or Gasol, and some times both at once. Griffin surrounded by average talent, is the Lakers equal.. With a little more talent, the Clippers are the best. Even Kobe wishes he could play with Griffin.
Kennyprager::Sooner....or later you will realize you are an IDIOT!!!!!
South Central Los Angeles.::sorry as flippers,reality is kickin in, back to been the LAKERS little bitchsss
Soonerhopeful1::" Over rated"   Say people on this board. Excuse me, but I find this as Ignorance.. What is over rated ?  Lets just take coach of Phoenix " Alvin Gentry ".. Who rates Griffin, ands says " Griffin is the most athletic player in Sports" and expands it as Best athlete to ever play sports..."  I think Gentry means best " Big man"...     There are little guys who can match Griffin athleticism... But not big Guys...Griffin is surely a wide body big guy..!  His Size, and Power; but on this bulky frame, and add this athleticism, and add " dexterity"  off the charts..  You know, dexterity  where he reaches behind for a bad pass, and still slams it home. or spins in the air, or distorts a move in the air... ..Dexterity..Griffin is a freak of Nature as to athleticism...   " Over Rated"... How can you over rate the best ever at something.... that's as to big athletic Center/ PF's.. This is agreed by Shaq, and Duncan, Perkins, and every honest Center or PF..the guy is a freak and still just learning.
Chick Hearn rolling over in his grave::Yeah because Alvin Gentry is a big time coach and knows what he is talking about, all those years of coaching big men..not
Soonerhopeful1::Insulting Gentry...!  Well Gentry is one of many or even all coach's that say this..!  I guess we can rule you out as being a coach..!
xmanfolife::Clipper's r the Clipper's........is anybody surprised?  Need to get the hell out of Staples Center......Honda Center looks mighty nice for the Clipper's.....just saying.
ROMEOx24::Billups was a big part of the Clippers early success, at this rate the poor Clippers will struggle to even make it to the playoffs.
todogg15::reggie evans the dirtiest player by far in the league what he does here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
TML954::Suns "Rally" to beat Clippers? They were outscored by 8 in the 4th quarter. Kind of a misleading headline. Should have said "hung on".  Just nitpicking.
Clipshow07::That was UGLY!!! No excuses....our DEFENSE SUCKS! We are going nowhere with this pathetic defense. VDN is such a clown!!!! The only thing this team should be focusing on right now is defense and it it plainly clear we are not. We try to rely on our offense and when we have an off night on offense coupled with out pathetic defense, this is what it looks like. And when are we going to realize Randy Foye is a complete scrub/joke/worthless waist of money????
LSUManiacBR::Griffin is OVARATED! sure he can relly dunk, put cant post up and put through a fadeaway
hoodwinkur::wawawawawhat happened Clippers fans? Are the Lakers tied for first?
Jeff550554::Griffin is extremely over rated just because he dunks pretty. He has a long way to go.
Phil Jackson in Montana::Clippers are a joke. Martin is your leading scorer? hahahahahahaha
loveduke069::they stick can't even score 80 against the suns sad sad sad even after the suns played the night before
SoonersElite2000::Clippers are just awful
BrutusDAFL::I said it once and Ill say it again this year I don't think Clippers will make it out of the 2nd round. I don't know about the future, but this year? No.
Zippppppp::A guy goes 2-18!!!! and you win, wow the Clip must have played terribly
ejhova217::Free throw discrepancy is pretty much the reason.
recklessfire::It's sad when, as a Suns fan, I get more excited about Chris Paul and Blake Griffin coming to town than watching the home team. Curse you, Sarver! Curse you, I say.
Soonerhopeful1::No offense...But Griffin is the most feared low post player in the league  !  fact..  The All Star Game west team did play Griffin in final minute with Durant at PF, to secure the west's win...  Every one respects Griffins ability except homer fans....        So your telling on yourself, when you trash Griffin..!    ha ha....17 points, and he totally was stopped they say... ha ha.. your guys are a " Hoot "...!
Soonerhopeful1::they always put a double on Griffin...Suns did it well tonight...
South Central Los Angeles.::sorry as flippers,back to reality of been the LAKERS little bitchhh
truesportfanman::Griffin, jeremy lin, lebron,...put a double team on them and they fold.
bannistertrout::Hey griffin's brother, stop acting like Blake's already at the Karl Malone level.  The dude wasn't getting double teamed when he was taking those outside jumpers.  The fact is he doesn't bring it every night, he ain't no NBA 1st teamer yet.
Soonerhopeful1::Yeah really,   like you wouldn't want these chokers on your team !   ha ha...  A Hoot poster you are.
Soonerhopeful1::You got to love it...When Suns claim a great defense of Griffin,,, and hold him to 17 points...  Bragging about holding a player to 17...I agree, it's a big thing.. But doesn't that speak even greater as to Griffin...When 17 points is bad for a player. Most players would die for those #'s...ha ha.... smell the coffee.
greenbean47::19 shots bro.  you mad?
Birdmann._.::damn the clippers bandwagon really died down.... i know it will catch back up around playoff time but i mean every clipper game used to get 5000+ comments with trolls coming in and everything.  Trolls don't even care anymore about the clippers
nunya1218::It did, but this is kind of a slow night. Even the Lakers board only has 2600+ comments
Soonerhopeful1::Fans just don't get about Griffin,, they don't have to run and bang with him....Now just ask Frye, if Griffin is a light weight...?  Griffin scares all the other big men in the league....Just ask OKC's Perkins...Or Lakers Mebenga..  Griffin is 6' 10" and 260 lb.... and runs and jumps like a deer.. His dexterity is off the charts... you guys need to smell the coffee, or just ask your teams coach, they will straighten you out.
Chick Hearn rolling over in his grave::Lakers Mebenga?
Soonerhopeful1::congrats to Frye and Morris,,, both with 4 fouls each in their checking Griffin...Held him to 17 they did....wow...impressive.
nunya1218::Perkins doesn't scare Griffin. My poster is still on back order
nunya1218::never mind.. thought it said just ask
blazers2189::put me in the free throw line when the game is on the line.  -deandre jordan-
truesportfanman::Stick around clipps, when the Lakers take the division, they will not look back.
WashFlokie::clipper lost and all anyone here is taking about is clipper clippers clippers
DatBoy64::And Burgess with the most insightful comment of the night!
burgess1731::huh?
PadresChargersClippers::I'm out, keep it real.
truesportfanman::clippies say, bingo, oh me, oh my....sniff..
blazers2189::i use to liked the announcer before this hyped happened but now they are the biggest HOMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRR!
nunya1218::Lawler is beyond obnoxious. Now that the Clippers have a for real team they should replace that old fogey with a real announcer.
truesportfanman::signed, clipper darrell
blazers2189::i can shoot 20 footer but BRICKS!  -blake griffin-
blazers2189::i think griffin should practice more on his low post moves coz he don't have and very ugly. and his outside shooting is getting worst. just an observation.
bannistertrout::freaking soonerhopeful.  Can't see his boy has holes in his game.  Dude, we know BG can ball and is good, but like Barkley says, the dude needs work.  He can't be considered at the same level of Karl Malone or Tim Duncan in his prime.
blazers2189::really? post game vs??? scrubs? look at his post game earlier this game if he had one. channing frye guarding him and to tell you frye is soft but why griffin didn't dominates frye?????? why??????? if he has post move??????
Soonerhopeful1::"Griffin has no post game"..?  ha ha.....That's why every one double teams him in the post, because he is so bad...The Only must double team in the post, in the whole NBA...!     ha ha...."No post moves"...
blazers2189::hey fa.g. it does't mean that when you are double you have post move. okay?? lol. look at him when he is double. struggling as hell!
clippsallday::He does got a post game, what Clippers games have u been watching?
blazers2189::solid? i mean he has no post game to tell you honestly. when he doubles he is struggling.
burgess1731::It's better than mine...
clippsallday::His low post game is solid, however he does need to work on that ragidy free throw nd jumpshot.
Soonerhopeful1::Clippers Defense has steadily improved... they are still a very new team...With little practice time...But their defense has steadily improved.  Look at the game tonight.
clippsallday::I think they might just do it if we involve foye or gomes in it too
clippsallday::Well their having talks
nunya1218::Indeed. But, if all the Clips are offering is Bledsoe and picks don't see it happening. The problem is that the Clippers' draft picks aren't very valuable anymore. Which is a good thing for the Clippers, but not good when it comes to trades.
clippsallday::Honestly getting Allen puts us right up there with OKC.
PadresChargersClippers::Just wishful thinking and very unprovable but getting an automatic SG like Allen would take things to another level.
nunya1218::Yeah, but they won't just give him away. There are plenty of teams who'd be willing to give back good value for him. That's just going based on what I've heard in that the Celtics don't care for any of the Clippers tradable assets.
Soonerhopeful1::Celtics are looking to move Ray Allen...Better think again.
PadresChargersClippers::Okay, this may sound contradicting BUT sending pieces like Foye and others to the celtics for allen may not be so bad for the celtics. The clippers want to win now, boston wants to get younger, I think players like Foye have potential to be more consistent on another team. I dont know though, if L.A doesnt get a deal done this year, maybe this summer they'll pick somebody up.
nunya1218::I just don't see the Celtics wanting any of the Clippers' pieces that they are willing to part with.
Soonerhopeful1::Clippers style is the Perfect playoff style ball.... If they play well, they can and will beat any one.  working out of Griffin  post ups, and pick and rolls.
clippsallday::I thought we played good defense tonight, Suns got their season low in the first half today nd clippers shot horrible (so did the suns) Mo wasnt on point today also
nunya1218::They're a middle of the road defensive team. Pretty average.
nunya1218::How about their lack of defense.. is that well suited for the playoffs also? lol
nunya1218::awesome.. that's one game. I've watched game after game where it looks like their defense is non-existent.
Soonerhopeful1::" Lack of defense"....did you just watch the same game I did...?    Clippers defense over last 15 games is stellar, as is it's rebounding...!
clippsallday::Nd if we get Allen, everyone better watch out!
PadresChargersClippers::People saying that the clippers wont do well in the playoffs, I dont think so, the clippers haven't had many losing streaks and the games they've lost have been close, so maybe they don't get to the finals but I see them winning at least 1 playoff series.
clippsallday::Yeaa thats also true, how blake plays nd butler.
clippsallday::ur right
nunya1218::CP3 is a stud flat out. Think it will come down to how the rest of the team fairs.
clippsallday::Well all iknow is he dominated u guys in the pick nd roll last year
nunya1218::Lakers had the worst pick-n-roll D in the league last season. Fisher is the biggest defensive liability in the league. Makes average PGs look like stars. Not that CP3 is at all average, but tough to gauge performance based on how they do versus Fisher.
clippsallday::Remember he has a better team around him now.
Forrest8732::remember the year the nuggets beat his team bye 55 points in a playoff game too
Forrest8732::naw clips all day look at the playoff box scores from last years game he always has one good game then one bad game
clippsallday::Cp3 has proven that already and it was against the lakers to bro
nunya1218::the same Lakers team that got swept in the next round? They just lost their mojo a couple weeks before the playoffs even started.
Forrest8732::*handle
Forrest8732::i just worry if cp3 can hadle physical playoff bball
Forrest8732::Clippers fans please dont be stupid like lakers  fans and turn on deandre and blake like lakers fans did on gasol and bynum
Soonerhopeful1::ha ha.... I am pretty sure Clippers fans will never turn on Blake Griffin...Although some Suns fans are suggesting we should..  But I think Suns fans are just jealous  of Griffin.
clippsallday::Yeaa and im gonna agree with you on that one!
Forrest8732::its more than best in the league clippsallday if they win another title they might be up that as the best big duo ever
PadresChargersClippers::I haven't given up on them, I just want to see some improvement. Too much talent to not be better than they are right now.
clippsallday::not wanting*
clippsallday::Yea lakers management is flat out dumb for wanting the best bigmen duo in the leage
todogg15::reggie evans dirtiest player in the world still loved http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
burgess1731::I wish Nash was my Grandpa! I still love watching him play!
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::I think that was Nash's last game in a Suns jersey he's going to Orlando now!
clippsallday::I wonder if anyone got on the Lakers case for losing to the suns in Phoenix? lol
clippsallday::Yeaa i feel you
Forrest8732::i dont know about that my lakers have been playing well so they might be due for a lapse, you know the lakers do that
clippsallday::I hope kobe kills wade nd gets 50!
clippsallday::I dont blame u, i mean no disrespect to the suns, but no teams in the top of the west should lose to the suns when nash only has 4. too bad we did :/ haha
nunya1218::The Lakers have lost to pretty much everyone of the road lol. At home they are damn near unbeatable though. I fully expect them to beat Miami's big 3 for the first time on Sunday
nunya1218::well yeah.. 16-2 at home. Should be 17-1.. refs missed a game changing travel on Deng with 5 seconds to go
Forrest8732::the recond doesnt show that 22-14
Forrest8732::i did big time that was pathetic
BigPage25::Clippers look nothing like championship contenders this team is worse than the hornets team that played the lakers last year... This team is all hype... They won't make it out the first round thats for sure
Soonerhopeful1::you guys are novices....Clippers low post ups and pick and rolls are playoff style ball... Clippers should do better in the playoffs in the half court sets...  Tonight Suns doubles of Griffin were effective, Griffin didn't shoot well, and Clippers didn't hit their outside shots....And Clippers did look tired in this " Back to Back" games...At least try to be fair.
nunya1218::Nobody thinks the Clippers' style of play is suited for the playoffs.. except you I guess. Plus their defense is awful.
nunya1218::Their style of play doesn't fair well in the playoffs that's for sure.
blackshirtsscary::My suns played damn good deffensel on griffin thats why you guys lost
nunya1218::Clippers really aren't the same without Chauncey.
burgess1731::Naw, they are still hot. Can't win em all
clippsallday::Very true, but were still a good team
blackshirtsscary::anyone know if you have been texting your bi-tch all night and then she stops texting you. should i wait to text her tomarrow or text her and see if she is up?
nunya1218::I would wait
clippsallday::Hahaha
blackshirtsscary::yea kinda is
PadresChargersClippers::Is this really an issue?
clippsallday::Dont text her bro, let her be. Be the pimp in the relationship haha
blackshirtsscary::ha ight
PadresChargersClippers::Can I fastfoward 2 weeks so these trades can be over and done with?
clippsallday::Yea same here, DJ can be a beast in the future.
Forrest8732::i would rather have blake and deandre develop
Forrest8732::you dont want howard he dont have the killer instinct
clippsallday::Ahaa idk than cuz Cp3 is always gonna be the leader.
PadresChargersClippers::I heard D12 wants to be the biggest star on the next team he's on, would he mind being on the clippers or?
clippsallday::Gomes, foye, bledsoe nd maybe even cook unless they try nd get Dwight than they would give up DJ too
PadresChargersClippers::Who do you think is tradable on the clipper roster right now?
clippsallday::Haha its funny cuz i always get on the computer on the morning to see if anything happened.
Forrest8732::I am a die hard Lakers fan and i want to say lakers fans need to stop hating on the clips and worry about how most of you fickle people were talking about how we need to trade gasol and bynum to get some of these wanna be superstars
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::I called the Mavs loosing streak a week ago can they lose 10 in a row
Forrest8732::and clipsallday  let me say this lakers fans are pathetic and i am one saying that they flip flop so much they wanted gasol and bynum done after all they done for us and i dont get that
Forrest8732::with kobe and 2 7 footers that play that well you always got a shot to win it all
clippsallday::Thankk you! I feel the same way man, Gasol and Bynum have played their $@%!$ off! They play soo well with each other its unbelievable.
Soonerhopeful1::Bobby Simmons is looking like a pretty good addition to the Clippers..
clippsallday::Idk man, id rather have Gomes up there for some reason.
PadresChargersClippers::WHAT IF the clippers get Eric Gordon in Free agency? Maybe he doesn't want to come back after being traded but daaaaamn we would be good.
Soonerhopeful1::N. Orleans will never let Gordon go without big compensation..  Clippers might get   " Ray Allen"..
clippsallday::To be honest it was soo hard for me to accept the fact that he left us! He was such a good scorer!
blacknsilvernationisback::ok sproles
cleb976::From what I hear...this offseason the Suns plan to sign Batum to replace Hill, add Eric Gordon to their roster so they have an elite young scorer, and draft a Point Guard for Nash to mentor after Nash is signed back with the Suns.
clippsallday::No doubt actually Gordon is one of my fav. players nd he can score the ball very well.
clippsallday::Suns would be really good than.
cleb976::if they get it done...yeah
Lebron_James23.1::Lebron James doesn't take the last shot because he has a small weiner. He lacks confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Forrest8732::to all real clippers fans i want to say sorry, lakers fans act this way becuase of the way the lakers are hated on day after day so i do apologize for hating because i know first hand how annoying it is
clippsallday::Yea i know what you mean and work on his free throws and jumper, his post game is solid.
Forrest8732::thats all im saying man and i feel the same way about the knicks the heat the thunder the bulls all of these teams that they want to win just because espn and david stern wants the lakers the spurs and the celtics to go away
clippsallday::Yea i understand nd i hate when people make stuppid jokes about kobe, I love Kobe as a player, dude gives it his all every time. And i even said before the season were not a better team than the lakers until we prove something in the playoffs.
Forrest8732::blake just needs to stop always trying to overpower guys and the clips will get a whole lot better
clippsallday::I just noticed u got my 3 favorite teams up there! I support for my city! haha
Forrest8732::i feel you clippsallday but people been trying to force this team in front of my lakers all season and trust me i know about hate the lakers are the most hated team in any sport and kobe is the most hated athlete in sports history
PadresChargersClippers::Believe me, it's really annoying to be called a bandwagoner everyday just because the clips are doing well this year. I doubt that I'd like the padres if I were a bandwagon fan. Having said that, I strongly dislike the lakers.
Forrest8732::its cool i expect anyone who is not a die hard lakers fan to not like the lakers but the problem i have is kobe and the lakers dont get the proper respect for who they are
clippsallday::Its not only u so dont even trip nd i actually dont hate on the lakers. I just defend my Clippers haha
