Chris31708::I think Utah beats OKC and Minnesota at home. The road game in Minnesota is a toss up, but Utah could win that one too. The Memphis game on the road is a guaranteed loss though.
Paul96857::Yeah it was back when Ricky Nattiel played over there. Lin was there too. http://bit.ly/xGmF3d
Packers3821::I think the jazz are going to be a very good team in a couple of years. picked up a couple of very talented rookies in a pretty weak draft class, and now have 4 very good big men in favors, millsap, jefferson and Kanter.
packfan21mt::Burks for PG. He plays way hard and helps the team.
jjjloy::We lost the game in New Orleans and it may have knocked us off our stride a little bit. But you know what? Guys fought hard tonight. We just didn't have enough in the tank."  This is a statement from Corbin. Not enough in the tank!!!! what type of professional player is that physically not prepared. I understand back to back is difficult but to state you were out of shape is pathetic.
packfan21mt::Jazz need to trade for a PG. so we should go after maybe a guy like Kemba Walker. he is pretty good.
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::no
packfan21mt::YES
RollThunder35::Brooks needs to evenly spread the scoring, i still wont count on beating most teams like we beat Utah last night.  They were worn out and Harris is hot garbage.
jjjloy::I am a Sixers Fan but I have to admit the Thunder are by far the strongest team in league right now. If Utah had a week off it still wouldn't off made a difference.
nunya1213::I wonder who the Jazz will draft with their lottery pick
Lurp_Gawd::Is there a good PG projected to go about # 12?
packfan21mt::YES
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::no
packfan21mt::we should draft Austin Rivers. and convert him to PG.
Liberal Feminist::This is how the Thunder should play in the playoffs.  When they become too dependent on Durant/Westbrook to do ALL the scoring this team is vulnerable.  However, when they spread the ball around and let guys like Harden, Ibaka, and Cook do some of the scoring they're almost impossible to beat.
jjjloy::erik I agree
erikthe10man::The problem is when the playoffs come, Westbrook the Selfish will only set the table for himself. The Thunder can't win unless Westbrook gets everybody outside of Durant involved EVERY night.
papazoid::devin harris just 1 assist ??....al jefferson just 5 rebounds and absolutely no defense ??.....the starting lineup should be Milsap, Kanter, Favors, Burks and Watson.
didyougetthememookur::As a Jazz fan I want to see OKC take on Miami in the finals this year, and deny Lebron again.
AustinReed8::I agree 110%.
ChilamBilam12::OKC is a nightmare matchup for Miami.. their low post play alone will work the Heat over, and with Ibaka growing every week it is looking that much more impressive.. Wade cannot guard Westbrook one on one, Durant can hang any number that Lebron can manage, and there isn't a player coming off of Miami's bench that stands up to Harden.. if the two run into each other in the finals, i'm calling OKC in 6
lance_baldwin_lbst::Ibaka can put up some points as he has been recently but our bigs are primarly defensive specialists. Miami will be shooting a lot of outside jumpers if they met the Thunder in the playoffs and I think the Thunder's length gives them the edge in the series. I doubt anyone in the West is going to stop the Thunder from the playoffs and I don't think the Bulls are good enough to beat the Heat in a seven game series. It seems inevitable that the Thunder and Heat will be meeting up in the finals at least 3 out of the next 5 seasons.
erikthe10man::I'm not so sure about that being a "nightmare" matchup, although I agree that Miami would have some serious competition in OKC. The Thunder don't get a lot of easy inside buckets from their bigs, and neither does the Heat. Ibaka would primarily be guarding two jump shooters in Bosh and Haslem, so unless he overplays the paint Miami will free up some open buckets a lot. Plus, Perkins is an ineffective slug just like Anthony/Curry. The X factor is Nazr Muhammad. The Miami/OKC series would be too close to call - but I agree with OKC in 6.
eliassteve::OKC will be denied by Portland, LAL, or Dallas.
doosx2::you are high
Warren56847::Only thing hard to get is Jazz beating Memphis--guess they got lucky--last two games are thier real calibre
lshocket::Kobe system? I solved that in 1st grade.    -Jeremy Lin
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I have Jeremy Lin envy. The Jazz need a miracle.
lshocket::*Linvy
utclindsay::How 'bout James Harden!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The_West_Coast_Bias::Reggie Jackson should be the starting PG, RWB at SG
lance_baldwin_lbst::Westbrook is one of the top point guards in the league. The only other two point guards to reach 5,000 points at this stage in their career are Magic Johnson and Oscar Robertson. The people saying the Westbrook shoots too much needs to know that fact because IMO those are the two best point guards of all time.   Reggie Jackson should not be starting at point guard over one of the best in the league. I would take Westbrook as my point guard over anyone else in the league right now. He is probably the most athletic guy at his position with D Rose right there close, but I think Westbrook will be the best a few years from now.
RollThunder35::maybe we should  change your name to "The west coast moron?"  this team is 22-6 and you wanna make an unnecessary change?
AustinReed8::He's decent for a rookie. Not starter material, yet. Still has a ways to go. He needs to be more active and vocal and show more fire in his leadership. He's too dull for me.
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::Jackson can't run PG that good.
knowitallpaul::For all you Westbrook haters: On alley-oop from Kendrick Perkins, Russell Westbrook scores his 5,000th career point! He joins Magic Johnson and Oscar Robertson as the only players in NBA history to record 5,000 points, 1,900 assists and 1,300 rebounds through 274 career games.   Enough said, that is ELITE...
tboneosu1::Just look over at what Harden is doing, he gets every call in the world. Westbrook takes far harder hits but only gets the whistles in some random games. Getting calls in the NBA is all about looking smooth.
dmcmorris08::Can't debate that. Magic made it look good though, Westbrook drives and flails his arms in the air like a crazy person, he has learned how to bait the refs really well
kaiser_97::so the jazz do something to get nash, then the jazz go after john wall and mcgee, that's an awesome line up  possible line up, what you think?  Nash, Wall, Alec Burks, Favors, McGee (Fast Athletic line up)  Wall, Hayward, Favors, Jefferson, McGee/Kanter (Big line up)  Wall, Alec Burks, Hayward, Favors, Kanter/McGee  bench  Earl Watson, Hayward, Josh Howard/Jeremy Evans, Favors, Kanter
kaiser_97::Second that here! Let's cross our fingers!
dmcmorris08::Ha, mcgee is the only guy close to him that i can think of anyway.  I just really hope the Jazz got a trade up their sleeves before the trade deadline
kaiser_97::whose out there that's like Ibaka, young, athletic but a true 7 footer.
kaiser_97::kemba walker for cj and harris, i'd do that!
dmcmorris08::What do you think about the jazz trading for DJ Augustin, or Kemba Walker for CJ and Harris?
22Young Money::Forgetting the rings for a sec, who would u take right now based on pure talent: MJ in his prime or Lebron?
RollThunder35::is this even a question?
dastr8skilz::MJ prime, hands down...better work ethic and skill set.
kaiser_97::MJ prime
dmcmorris08::MJ, he is clutch man, cant say the same for Lebron yet
22Young Money::true dat...he'll have to prove himself sooner or later to silence the haters
kaiser_97::Then trade for John Wall &amp; JaValee McGee
CaDDyy54::wall is terrible.....
kaiser_97::Mr. World Peace was a basketcase, Rodman was a basketcase everything aside I think Corbin can make McGee a great player for the Jazz.
kaiser_97::Look at Ibaka, I'd say McGee would be a great matchup if he was playing for the Jazz!
kaiser_97::But he is a true 7 footer, that the jazz need, and his wingspan can block shots, cause missed shots and don't forget about his athleticism wow! I think Corbin can whip him into shape...
snipehook::Wall, yes! McGee, no thanks! Dude's a basketcase
kaiser_97::What do you all think Nash to Jazz good or bad?
dmcmorris08::Not bad if they can pull it off,  All i know is something has to change.  I wish they would just start all the rookies/2nd year players im sick of watching these so called veterans
kaiser_97::so the jazz do something to get nash, then the jazz go after john wall and mcgee, that's an awesome line up possible line up, what you think? Nash, Wall, Alec Burks, Favors, McGee (Fast Athletic line up) Wall, Hayward, Favors, Jefferson, McGee/Kanter (Big line up) Wall, Alec Burks, Hayward, Favors, Kanter/McGee bench Earl Watson, Hayward, Josh Howard/Jeremy Evans, Favors, Kanter
kaiser_97::I'm not saying anything about championship contention, if we make it with nash so be it but i truly nash will turn the young talent on the jazz better and help them along
dmcmorris08::Yeah good call, and Harris used to go to the basket similar to westbrook but he doesnt even do that anymore, which basically means hes useless
sportsnut032@yahoo.com::thats how westbrook is too, but his scoring and natural athleticism  covers it up
dmcmorris08::Agreed, Harris has to go man, he is killing us right now, 2 games in a row, Milsap and jefferson had more assists than him.  You cant have that from your point guard
kaiser_97::I think Nash would be a better example and a better voice on the floor for the young guys
kaiser_97::I believe Nash will turn the Jazz 360 if he comes to Utah and I said also we should go after Wall &amp; McGee
dmcmorris08::Why not just trade for wall and mcgee in the first place?
sportsnut032@yahoo.com::nash is 38, granted playing good basketball, but you think you guys are automatically in championship contention with him? i dont know
dmcmorris08::Who said anything about championship contention? We just wanna win a few more games here, haha
kaiser_97::fair deal for those three? cj miles gives them youth and a scorer, devin harris &amp; tinsley gives them veteran experience plus someone who has been an allstar and still has time left in him not like nash
Lurp_Gawd::Please No. As a Jazz fan, that would be a bad trade. Utah needs to upgrade their PG position, but they are not on the verge of winning a Championship. They are probably still 2 to 3 years out from being a possible contender in the west. That is if Favors and Kanter work out the way Jazz fans hope, and Hayward and Burks are good contributers. By then Nash will be done, and we will be looking for a PG.  The only gain this year and maybe next year is a winning record and first round exit from the playoffs. Nash has had a great career, but now is not the time.
dmcmorris08::Yeah, its not bad because nash will be a free agent, so they might be happy just to get something back, I think if the suns would take that its an absolute no brainer for the jazz
22Young Money::good but the jazz dont wanna trade young talent for a guy who might retire in a few years
kaiser_97::cj miles &amp; devin harris &amp; jamal tinsley
dmcmorris08::Love it! Harris is turning into cj miles 2.0, he takes way too many jump shots
snipehook::Yup, Nash would be money!
gasoline417::good idea, but who will the Jazz giveu p?
dmcmorris08::Give em Harris, and Big Al, and in any trade they make, throw in CJ Miles, that man is completely worthless
kaiser_97::Jazz need to get Nash!
nallad47::Works under the trade machine straight across nash for harris
22Young Money::No one can beat the heat they gots too much talent
AustinReed8::Actually, Thunder have the best bench in the league. By far... Heat wouldn't beat OKC in a 7 game. Sorry..
rds731::"they gots too much talent"  What are you-5? Isn't it past your bedtime???
gasoline417::Yeah, we'll see come playoff time. Hopefully the Thunder and Heat get each other in the Finals.
gasoline417::"No one can beat the Heat" - 22 Young Money  How can you say this, when your team has lost already. 6 ? 7? times!
22Young Money::This year we have such a better supporting cast it aint even funny...Miller is healthy, we got battier, Jones, Cole...we have the best bench in the league...not to mention eddie currry who is 7 ft tall and hardly plays
dmcmorris08::I bet you thought no one could beat em last year, whats different this year?
22Young Money::im talkin playoffs baby playoffs man ya feel
gasoline417::Milwaukee beat the Heat 2 out of 3. Explain that!
22Young Money::Milwaukee is gonna be dissolved like sacramento in a couple years anyway so who cares?
sfy2004::ok, then you've gone 1 for 3 against them. not exactly brag worthy
22Young Money::can anyone explain the creation of the universe? and besides, we jus blew them outta the water last night
Randombobman::this team has some nice talent on the roster
Spursdc::Utah= shiot
dmcmorris08::Spurs will one day suck and then you will feel for us poor jazz fans!
dmcmorris08::Start Alec Burks!!!! He is the only player on the jazz that takes the ball to the rim, he might make mistakes cause he is still young but there is no way in hell he can be worse than miles or harris.  There is no good reason why he is not getting more minutes
dmcmorris08::Yeah, if only we took advantage when Jordan was playing baseball, the rockets planned it out well!
gasoline417::Well and I'm originally a Sonics follower so I feel you with the Bulls.... ugh! I always rooted against the Bulls during that era.
dmcmorris08::We made it to WCF in 07, it hasnt been that long, haha.  Yeah those were the good ol days....dang Micheal Jordan!!
gasoline417::you all had some good times with Malone Stockton and Hornacek!
dmcmorris08::Rough brother, rough
22Young Money::Whens the last time u guys were in contention?
22Young Money::Whats it like bein a Jazz fan? Just curious
pushamike::i think westbrook is  a legit superstar he can score at will and play defense
pushamike::i cant argue with that
Rolltide4203::exactly- I love his aggressive play- hes unstoppable nowadays- could his assists go up some? absolutely. It doesnt help how there is no movement in the offense though doesnt give him many opportunites to get a lot of assists- still having an absolutely monster year and he has cracked my top 5 players the way hes scoring
gasoline417::that's all too true.
pushamike::Lebron and westbrook avg. the same amount of to's when you play aggressive to's happen
Rolltide4203::every player has flaws but theres almost no one in the league i would take over him right now.
gasoline417::Westbrook has to get his TO's down. that's the thing. He needs to see the floor better, and then react accordingly (by driving or passing)  conversely, I think Durant needs to move better without the ball.
Rolltide4203::lololol on the chalmers comment. westbrook is about 200 times better than both of those players combined. Yeah right now westbrook is as good of a scorer as there is... He has taken a huge step and is now an amazing jumpshooter- absolute beast.
gasoline417::lol chalmers? really?
gasoline417::I'd say that to your face without thinking twice. I was under the assumption this was a civil conversation.
Rolltide4203::lol. get off this board and quit saying dumb things no one wants to hear ur garbage
22Young Money::Say tha to my face?
gasoline417::he's good, but I don't think he's better than RW. Although if the Heat let him have a more active role in the offense we'd see his full potential I bet.
Rolltide4203::ur arguably the dumbest human being on the planet
22Young Money::Yep. When lebron and wade were gone against the hawks he scored 30...showed just how good he can be
22Young Money::I take chalmers an cole anyday over westbrook
JohnsonnnL::Chalmers and Cole are not even close to westbrook's level, take off your miami homer shades.
dmcmorris08::Haha, I have to admit you are loyal to your team!
22Young Money::almost as good as chalmers...
dmcmorris08::He might be a decent player, but come on dude, he is nowhere close to westbrook.  I hate the guy, I dont like the way he plays but at least i can admit he is dang good.
22Young Money::Nope no joke...im as serious as a heart attack cuz
dmcmorris08::Chalmers?? Oh i get it thats a joke... I think
22Young Money::Lebron is the mvp man no doubt durant aint got a chance LETS GO HEAT!
Rolltide4203::well durant is playing with another superstar who is as valuable to the team as he is- so it will be hard for him to win it.. westbrook is def better than wade at this point- not really that close right now imo
Rationale69::If we're talking RIGHT NOW I'd take Wade. Long term I'd want Westbrook. If you say it's not close, you're not being objective.
Rationale69::lol.
ok_sooner82::WRONG!!!!!! while overall most stats James leads in but over the last 12 games his stats have dropped considerably and now KD leads in stats over the last 12 since Wades return and James numbers will continue to drop as long as Wade is playing
Rationale69::Stats contribute. Not everything though.
22Young Money::Stats wise Lebron got the edge
Rationale69::LBJ's having a great year. I'd even go as far as to say Heat are most likely to win it all this year. But I think LBJ's chances at MVP are hindered by playing with another superstar (Wade). Durant shoulder's more than James IMO.
22Young Money::'scuse me?
Rationale69::Didn't watch the game. Can anybody comment as to Reggie's (Jackson) performance? I can see the stat line, but I'm interested in any impressions. Thanks in advance!
Rationale69::BUMP
NewYorkMetsMan::stat of the game goes to KP and his 6 assists
NewYorkMetsMan::We expect Ibaka to get blocks. But Kendrick playmaking? That's an added bonus.
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::That was good, but did you see Ibaka's blocks.
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::I just love small market teams destroying the NBA. What really matters is the foundation of the team and not the location like the Heat.  Only two good players I know came from the Heat. Tim Hardaway and Alonzo Mourning.
nallad47::How about D-Wade? He was drafted by them you fool
snipehook::KOC, please make a trade! Move Jefferson, Millsap, Harris, and Miles and get us a Point Guard and a Small Forward/Shooting Guard. Time to let our young guys play! Need to do what OKC did a few years ago.
sfy2004::quite the opposite, dump miles and keep hayward. cj has had PLENTY of time to get his act together, yet he still cant get it done. at least hayward has height and is a better shooter. plus he knows what defense is.
.Strugglin.Runt.::Keep Miles, drop Hayward
dmcmorris08::KEEP MILES??? Do you watch the games?, the guy is worthless, the worst mistake besides the kirilenko deal the jazz have made in the last several years is signing that man
yodaspeaks::The Jazz will give Hayward every possible chance to succeed.
yodaspeaks::Jefferson will be the centerpiece of the Jazz for many years to come.  get used to it.
snipehook::No way! His contract sucks compared to Millsap's. Move him and Harris for a SG and PG
cod4hooper::Jazz have really cooled off.
yodaspeaks::Not really.  They are just who they are.  A half court post focused team.  You score in the high 80's, Utah can beat you.  you score 95+, you win going away.
jpetrovich11::easy money
winterfresh98::Lets go OKC 22-6!!
acvickers::OKC has played 13 players tonight. How is that even possible??? You can only have 12 players on your ACTIVE roster.
esstea23::No doubt
acvickers::makes sense. players are dropping like flies this year bc of this quickened game schedule. they need all the active bodies they can get to ease the workload a bit.
esstea23::Yeah I think it's because of the shortened season. I think they have to trim down to 12 at some point though... Don't hold me to any of that cause I'm not entirely sure.
acvickers::oh okay. thanks. didnt know that.
.Strugglin.Runt.::This year you have to have 13 i think. New CBA
winterfresh98::good game  Utah
yodaspeaks::What does Corbin say to his guys after this game?
.Strugglin.Runt.::I'm out
reacher801::As a Utah fan I am here to say that I will root for OKC for the title. But dont forget who your daddy has been for as long as you have been around. Yeah, you guys beat us twice this year but you should show some respect to your daddy!  Durant is a bad a$$ I will give you that!!!
reacher801::Learn how to take a joke......f@g!!!!!!
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::Daddy?
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::Westbrook scores 2 points. Assists equal 2 points, why do people want Westbrook to be a CP3 when he can basically can almost score on demand. Westbrook has the inside game Durant don't have and Durant has the outside game Westbrook don't have. Yin Yang.
Liberal Feminist::Good point.  The scary thing is what happens when Durant learns to play in the post and Westbrook learns to drive and kick out.  Scary good team!!!
.Strugglin.Runt.::I can't believe Paul George was taken the pick after Hayward
yodaspeaks::Hayward is more valuable to the Jazz than any other franchise.  What other team would be giving Hayward 29 mins a game?
yodaspeaks::Ill give you the Bobcats.  Wizards have talent, they are just knuckleheads.
.Strugglin.Runt.::Bobcats, Wizards
ClippersFTW5480::Who thinks this game will be under 200.5
ClippersFTW5480::Yeah so true hopefully this holds off
eaglesfan1723::i hope so. okc never likes to slow it down god damn
Babniki::so, why did wesbrooks assists drop by 35% from last year?  2.5 less assists this year?
Rolltide4203::yeah but is shooting so much better- no doubt should get up his assist numbers but is one of the top few players in the league easy right now.
winterfresh98::he is shooting more than dishing
cod4hooper::He's scoring more.
Babniki::BY ONE POINT!  yes that's "more" but really people are making it sound like he is having a breakout year., he is not, his stats were better last year.
Babniki::his play last year was better
Babniki::yeah, because 1 point per game &gt; 2.5 assists?
Liberal Feminist::Because he's scoring over 20pts/game
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::Because his scoring is increasing, same with the wins. Does it matter?
.Strugglin.Runt.::What would teams give up for Hayward? I would take a late 1st rounder for that muppet
yodaspeaks::Nobody wants Hayward but the Jazz.
Dirk2XMVP::The Jazz suck real bad
eaglesfan1723::stop $@%!$@% scoring
winterfresh98::COLE!!!
Rolltide4203::lol no he wont..
Liberal Feminist::COLE!!!!  I was pumped when they traded up to get this guy.  Give him some time.  He's going to be a beast down low.
winterfresh98::oh hell yeah, I watched some of his time in the D-league and Kansas,  dude will be a threat for the Thunder
yodaspeaks::Is this what Corbin was saving his starters for last night?
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::Lin goes 9-22 8 turnovers and gets praise Westbrook do the same thing, there's turmoil in OKC and KD can't co-exist.
dmcmorris08::Oh please, did you forget about his 27 points and 11 assists... oh and by the way the game winning 3 pointer!!!!!  Just because the media over hypes him doesnt mean he hasnt been playing great, just give him credit
knowitallpaul::Rose had the benefit from playing in the much weaker eastern conference. If he would've played in the west he wouldn't been in the MVP debate at all...
Liberal Feminist::Great Point!!!
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::It's the point. Last year Westbrook and Rose had similar stats, but one got praise and the other was hated.
Skylar_Diggins_Baby_Daddy::That's just making excuses, you would never know what Rose would of did if he had KD. One thing for sure is Rose wouldn't got MVP if he had KD there.
cod4hooper::Eerily similar! And Westbrook actually dominated him in the Rebounds category too if I remember correctly.
yodaspeaks::Cough cough cough...Kevin Durant.
cod4hooper::Thunder have the best record in the league...
yodaspeaks::If Lin keeps doing it, he will take heat.  he is on a 6 game win streak.
Liberal Feminist::The better Ibaka becomes the better this team looks.  If he can develop his offensive game, then this team will be almost impossible to stop.
cod4hooper::This is a fair statement, not sure I agree, but it's certainly arguable and not as crazy as it might have been a year or 2 ago.
yodaspeaks::They really need to involve him more in transition and secondary transition offense.  His half court offense is going to be a while.
yodaspeaks::I mean against good teams.
Liberal Feminist::can you see the future.  did you just see Ibaka's dunk on the fast break.  hahahahaha
winterfresh98::Thats whats up.....if it came down to choose Harden or Ibaka, I say Harden walks
SportsFanForever79::Ibaka and Harden will stay, Perkins will be traded because of his contract, and Start Aldridge Collison or Mohamud
winterfresh98::They wont be able to afford both,  I love Harden but Ibaka has low post D and can score
Liberal Feminist::I REALLY like Harden though because he may be this teams best passer.
.Strugglin.Runt.::What? really?
