hailpal98::I am a HUGE rondo fan, and I think he has been playing pretty well this yr..... But the celtics, they aint great.
PhillyFlya::Still feeling the after-shock of the Perkins deal.
dalepmurphy::"we will get better" quote by KG.  When ?  How ? and with the help of who's are army ?  The handwriting was on the wall for this team last year and Ainge/management now will put the Celtics through another rebuilding era once KG, RA and PP are either traded (good luck with this option) or are retired.  Maybe, just maybe, teams looking for a veteran once their playoff runs start will knock on Ainges door and offer up something to get the services of any OR all three.  46Million tied up on these "has beens" and, like I said, this was more than visible last year !
mark35345::At least Garnett still has fire in his belly. you're right - this all started last year - any team desperate enough to sign a washed up Shaq and Jermaine O'neal is finished. The first game of the season was so sad: Garnett missing shot after shot he used to make in the fourth quarter -against the Knicks.....that is sad...it also means it's over...
PhillyFlya::People ay not know it but losing Tom Thibodeau was pretty big. He was very instrumental in that last Celtic championship. Good luck to him in Chicago.
Road dog Red::yEAh.. The Tics are DONE... tsk tsk....its crying time
KungFuHustle1981::The Celtics are some garbage this year, we will be lucky to win 28 games.
91Gmoney9009::Cetics will be lucky to make the playoffs
eliassteve::Who says Dirk isnt clutch?
David53875::BREAKING NEWS -The celtics will be the first nba team to use a segaway during fastbreaks.
DeeWig41::Did anybody else see Dirk cross KG? LOL too hilarious...KG was fouling Dirk and still getting schooled
KungFuHustle1981::The Celtics are going to lose in the first round to either the Pacers or the Hawks, we have absolutely NO inside presence besides Brandon Bass.
duckconfit::mavs fans will tell you, brandon bass is fools gold.  not a difference maker at all.
KungFuHustle1981::They should make the playoffs, if not they all need to be ashamed of themselves.
bahkey::If they make playoffs,Older teams need to rack up wins early in the season  before the grind sets in.
BigX951::Wanna hear a joke? Boston Celtics running a fastbreak     Signed,    AARP All-Stars
KungFuHustle1981::Yeah no kidding, Rondo is the only one able to get out on a fast break.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Dirk Nowitzki hitting the game winning shot. GO MAVS!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=jOQ-fwQ1Scc
cramillion::You've gotta love Garrnet getting schooled to lose the game. Keep it classy Dirk
ejhova217::I watched this game twice. Refs were awful for both sides. Really freaking awful
DeeWig41::Yeah they really sucked up the place!  But that's nothing new...I was watching classic sports the other day ...it was a finals game from the 70s and the refs SUCKED.  NBA refs have been sucking for decades lol
robmoro78::pierce is killing the c's.  they need him to play much better than he has the last 2 games.  they are a 5-6 seed at best, but not if pierce plays like he has.
KungFuHustle1981::Its not just him, Garnett and Ray Allen were useless last night as well.
rmh61284::why doesnt lamar odom start?
PJohns963::The script on his wifes show doesn't call for him to play yet !
mark35345::He's retired.
rmh61284::ahhh alright
joedellinger8::He sucks (as of right now).
nba is the worst::In case you missed it (clear evidence the league is fixed - from last night)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vavuFJa9gU
cramillion::what does that mean? Heat lost?
John Claytons Combover::he traveled, then pushed off, then double dribbled.....good stuff.
Mavsolute Beast 41::meh
Dave34613::Is that any chance that for compensation for the Boston Red Sox from the Chicago Cubs, that the Cubs could convince the Bulls to take Garnett from the Celtics for nothing and we will call it even! I can't watch him play anymore....4 field goals is utterly pathetic.
the702shogun::great shot by dirk, the germans should be proud of their favorite son. celtics, we'll trade you spoelstra for doc rivers right now baby!
Texasgirl6200::Lets just put it this way....Dirk was named the German top athlete of the year last year so yeah, Germans know him.  End of discussion.
Mavsolute Beast 41::@ spurcow. Living 9 years in a military base doesn't mean you have learned anything relevant about them. The simple proof is that Germany has a very weak national basketball league.I have no time to explain you details unless you wanna talk about Messerschmidts or Panzer Tigers since you may be more informed about these german related products.
Mavsolute Beast 41::@bill At least you are well informed about german sausages...make sure to treat them right
billbill2920::This might be the dumbest/most interesting thing I have read.  Mostly dumb.  If you are from Europe then we can assume that you have been there yeast 41.  Here is what I know about Germans.  They like eating sausage.  Now that is a guarantee for you.  Yep, eating sausage and watching bball.  If I, as a random nobody guarantees it then you all must believe it!!!  Believe it!!!!!!!!!!!!
spurscowboys1312::you're crazy, i lived in germany for 9 years, five years off base by ramstein air force, and back in the 90's alot young germans were walking around with basketball jerseys. They know who Knight Rider is. I'm sure they know about best basketball player from Germany.
Mavsolute Beast 41::The last year triumph gave him a huge boost on that direction for sure...many of them heard about him for the first time and came out the woods, but don't be sold on the fact that majority knows him, I guarantee you
Texasgirl6200::LOL @Mavsolute....are you serious with that comment or just trying to get a reaction?
Mavsolute Beast 41::I love Dirk to death, but soccer rules in germany BIG TIME.Germany is not a basketball loving country.Straight fact.Their national bball league is irrelevant in europe
Mavsolute Beast 41::May I ask you the same question? Do you know anything about germans? Matter of fact I'm from europe and I've been there
Mavsolute Beast 41::germans don't care about basketball...I'm pretty sure the major part of germans don't even know who dirk is
Michael25567::I lived in Germany for 3 years, They admire and love dirk, B-ball is not the most popular sport, but Dirk is one of the most popular athletes in Germany. Is closing to Mavsolute Beast 41, shut your mouth about what you know nothing about.
Mavsolute Beast 41::Have you ever been to Germany?
LivingforHistory::You are insane if you think that the majority of German's don't konw who Dirk is.
netjunkie88::Why didn't they just foul Haywood at the end of the game?
billbill2920::hack-a-shaq rule prevents it these days
klsoria911::Nice to see my mavs getting it done! Nothing better than watching Dirk get the ball with 20 seconds left and the game on the line. #clutch
R Bond::What the heck was Van Gundy snorting last night.  When Roddy B broke away for the fast break &amp; the defender put his hand on Roddy's shoulder to elevate himself &amp; block Roddy's shot, Vandy said NO FOUL?!  Talk about biased analysis...GEEZ!    Where is the ghost of Mark Jackson when you need him?  The voice of reason?!   Gundy is a Mavs hater apparently.
mavs4real::that's exactly what i was thinking.. he totally pushed down on roddy's shoulder to get into better position.  during live play, i say ok, maybe he sees it one way, but he never corrects himself on the replay..  when it's obvious to see.
netjunkie88::He never even got a piece of the shot. All he did was collide with Roddy in midair. If that isn't a foul then there is no such thing.
KungFuHustle1981::Like I said before, when Rondo is the leading scorer the Celtics don't win much, as a matter a fact teams have caught on to that and tend to isolate everyone and just let Rondo attack, when he scores the most points Boston usually loses the game.
KungFuHustle1981::Kevin Garnett is playing some of the worst basketball I have ever seen him play, he plays ball likea stripper now.
mavs4real::garnett's still a top 10 power forward..  when you play as hard as he has for as long as he has, you're going to wear down sooner than later.  he needs more rest during the regular season if they want to really lean on him come playoff time.  i'll always cut the big ticket some slack.  look at his stat line... that's nothing to sneeze at.
spurscowboys1312::best power forward right now is Lamacus Aldridge. not by much but he's best so far.
spurscowboys1312::i always thought kevin more over rated power forward, took him forever get the wolves outta first round.
KungFuHustle1981::No he is not in the top 10 anymore, he is my favorite player and it pains me to say this. Here is a list of PF's who are better than him.  1. Amare Stoudamire. 2. Blake Griffin. 3. Dirk Nowitzki 4. Carlos Boozer 5. Lamarcus Aldridge 6. Kevin Love 7. Pau Gasol 8. Chris Bosh 9. Zach Randolph 10. Josh Smith
Dave34613::Ya, Kobe has been in the league a billion years and he drops 40 a game
spurscowboys1312::yea but kobe took 31 attempts and only made 14 shots. the 11 free throws helped him overall
joedellinger8::Not many people can compare their game to Kobe's....at any age.
Texasgirl6200::Well, he is 35 years old.
KungFuHustle1981::The Celtics are TRASH this year.
Boston 3090::t
espnnbourham::celtics are trash this year if they dont win there next 3 games they should def blow up their roster trade or release garnett he's takin up too much money these are the only players tht deserve to be on the celtics pierce  allen rondo bass   pietrus  dooling they should get younger the perfect guy is josh smith hes perfect he also wants to go there so if they dont they can say good bye to any champ hopes
espnnbourham::and yes no one would want garnett to rebuild a championship team would only want him and he's to expensive and yes he has no trade value ur dumb if u think he does so shutup and think b4 u talk 21 mil he sucks hes old and no one will pay him tht money gotta break big 3 and pierce gotta step up his game
espnnbourham::josh smith is a free agent next year thas howw
espnnbourham::even winning vs bulls thunder and pacers all top 5 teams in like the league wouldnt make em better  they have to win like 5-10 games with there 4 losses they started so bad that impossible to win a championship startin 0-3 celts are tied with the cavs and there trash in standings smh..... and garnett who will trade for him and its not better than releasing him u wont get the 21 mill and josh smith wont be released garnett has to hes sucking so bad this year too  his contract is 21 mil no one wants to pay that for garnett get a clue
Dwayne_Johnson23::Really?  Atlanta planning on releasing him?  NOOOOOOO  And you've proven yourself to be a clown by saying that KG has no trade value.  Every single team in the league would take Kevin Garnett on their team.  Has his trade value diminished?  Yes.  Is it zero?  NO.  Get a clue
espnnbourham::no one will trade for his huge contract and he has no trade value so idk they gotta get rid of him tho he gets paid 21 mil u can do so much with that you could get josh smith and another 10 mil dollar star
Dwayne_Johnson23::Well releasing him would be ridiculous.  I think you mean trade
espnnbourham::he is now tht they lost jeff green too they def need to release garnett too much money and hes old
Dwayne_Johnson23::hahah Josh Smith is so perfect
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::fun fact: celtics are trash
DrFatStacks::HEY OH MA MA MA  HEY OH MA MA MA HEEEEYYYYYYY    LIFE IN A NORTHERN TOWN
raven.5200::I saw Antoine Walker in a D League game yesterday.
the702shogun::was he playing or selling the hot dogs?
Merriweather Brown::Allen,KG, &amp; PP are nothing more than role players now. You can't count on them for consistent point production every game.  Sure , once in a while they will flash their old form, but the Celtics need a legitimate scorer that can produce every night.
Rzx2::"What do you think? I mean, honestly? What do you see? Yeah. Yeah, he is," said Rivers. "Ray’s right there; Ray’s playing terrific, too. And Kevin, defensively, has been pretty good; Offensively, we’ve still got to get him going more. But Rondo’s just playing terrific. And we’ve got to allow him to be terrific. We shouldn’t get in his way. And that’s what we’re doing.”   Old geezers holding back a young and upcoming Superstar.
WddNews.com::Exactly, get Rondo some guys that can run the court with him.  Get some rebounders, too.  Trade Pierce and Allen while they still have some value.  Too late for Garnett with his BIG salary for "Small" Ticket play will be tough to unload and O'Neal has practically no value.
J-SMOOVE2015::IS DIRK ABOUT TO DOMINATE THIS LEAGUE?
J-SMOOVE2015::DIRK &gt; KG
KungFuHustle1981::I disagree that Dirk was always better but hes definently better now, no question about it. I'm pretty sure KG knows that too.
Mavsolute Beast 41::always has been...always will be. The 2002 playoff matchup sealed the deal http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=220428016
Mavsolute Beast 41::suck it, choklahoma fanboy
birdman._.::lol wut
abenezer44::i wouldnt be surprise if these two teams lose in the first round and wouldnt be surprise if they make the finals
goirish179::Old Age!  Theyre done, they were done before the season even started.  Go Bulls
chubby rain::Yep, i've been saying that before the season even started.
dfwtx817::lol get outta here
NowitzkiHasAlwaysOwnedGarnett::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  And it's not even close.
Mavsolute Beast 41::true story!
jordan6747::Go mavs. Back to back
rgalv3::The celts four wins are flukes. They haven't beat any of the teams over .500 yet
chubby rain::And their not on friday either.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Clear Path fouls are good for the NBA unless the player misses the FT.
AchPHLEGMed::Whatever happened to the C's ?  #1 seed to # 8 ? ........................WTF
AchPHLEGMed::I think I won't be r'ound to see the C's win their next Championship !!! ( I'm just 27 )
UK_Basketball_for_life::They have a better shot of rebuilding. Look at the history.
AchPHLEGMed::Older is in !!!
DaBostonStrangler10::KG is mailing it in, playing for his last chunk of $$$. And that just about ruins our chances.
2524thomas::I think its called Old Age!!
dallasmavs255::mavs are older lol pick a new excuse
dallasmavs255::yeahhhhh mavs great win. the heat should watch us to learn how to close out games
drac1100::Reigning champs gutted their team and still punked your team.  Celtics are a joke as are their fans.  And hey - Red Sox will miss playoffs again and Tebow will take you down.  Boston is yesterday's news.
jordan6747::Heat won't win anything significant..they can't close games in the 4th...new year, same result
WIkalikalou::Didn't the Heat kill you guys this year?
aarondontcare::yeh, first game of the season. when dallas returned like 5 guys from the championship team. they are beginning to click. if they weren't, they wouldn't have won this game. and second, this is about Mavs vs Celts.
dallasmavs255::oh ok, well if you see game 1 of the season more important than a championship that's your opinion hahaha
WIkalikalou::Considering it's THIS year and not last year, I think so.
dallasmavs255::haha like game one of the season wow. is that more important than the finals?
AchPHLEGMed::The Celts are charitable !!! They just gave this game away to make the mavs look good !!!
dallasmavs255::oh here come the excuses haha
UK_Basketball_for_life::Yeah, you look GREAT this year.
aarondontcare::that's a damn good point
UK_Basketball_for_life::If you want Howard and DWill, you keep the Kardashians around.
dallasmavs255::Khloe is stupid, she can go back to LA
UK_Basketball_for_life::Agreed. Just tell me when I can get my Khloe bobblehead you cray cray fan.
dallasmavs255::they do rule? they just beat your team in the clutch for the 3rd straight time
UK_Basketball_for_life::You think the Mavs rule. I would think you would keep track of such things.
dallasmavs255::how the hell should i know
UK_Basketball_for_life::When's Khloe bobblehead night?
dallasmavs255::thanks mate!
DaBostonStrangler10::patsfanallday94 im not making excuses for pierce, he came in out of shape, thats on him _________________________________________________________________ Pierce DID NOT COME IN OUT OF SHAPE. How many times do I have to say this? He had a bruised heel, so he had to sit out. He could not participate. All the other players had about a month to get the rust off from the lockout in practice, and in two preseason games. Pierce had none of that. He is not in GAME SHAPE. Every year players around the league have to adjust getting back into GAME SHAPE when the season starts. Especially the older players. Pierce has been back for two weeks now, so we should be seeing him starting to look like himself again one of these games, and then we'll really start to see him fully back in late January.
2524thomas::Don't worry, come January he will be gimping around with some other ailment...
DaBostonStrangler10::I give up, you guys will see what I mean in a couple weeks.
DaBostonStrangler10::Yes
UK_Basketball_for_life::Just asking. When was his heel bruised?
UK_Basketball_for_life::When did he bruise his heel? July? He should be in half way decent shape. Rondo was playing pick up games in October.
OklahomaDrew::You know, I'm surprised that there were already 9 other boston stranglers on ESPN.  Nice handle.  Night y'all
DaBostonStrangler10::Haha have a good one bud
UK_Basketball_for_life::U2
BlazersWar::didn't watch the game, but damn, Dirk isn't scoring anymore ... Celtics got lucky I guess
DaBostonStrangler10::Dirk saved his magic for the last 20 seconds of the game, and Ray saved his Bill Buckner impression for the last 5 seconds.
patsfanallday94::uhm, dirk hit the game winning shot
patsfanallday94::the lockout probobaly hurt pierce as bad as anyone in the nba, he came in this year injured and fat, it may take awhile before he gets back playing good, even though him at his best is nowhere near what it used to be
UK_Basketball_for_life::Rondo and Allen showed up with a little Garnett. No EXCUSES.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Why?
hitterquiter::Its not an excuse but clearly you can't read.
patsfanallday94::im not making excuses for pierce, he came in out of shape, thats on him
2524thomas::And just one more reason this old team is playoff one and done at best
JRod8954::Man the Celtics suck.  They'll make the playoffs with a 7 or 8 seed as .500 should get it done.  But the Celtics season thus far:  Every decent to good team they've played they've lost.  Every bottom of the barrel team they've played, they've won.  Good news, the I see the Wizards coming up in about 10 days for Boston.  Good chance for a win.  P.S.  Good luck Pats this weekend.
patsfanallday94::wow lakers are 8-4 after their rough start, they still wont win in the playoffs, but im surprised they been playing so well
AchPHLEGMed::adn how do you know they wont win ? ..... . . teams are getting injured players here nad there !!!
OklahomaDrew::condensed season workin magic in the opposite way
OklahomaDrew::Man, I'm saying lakers and mavs will still push in the end of the season.  As an OKC fan, I'm concerned with those older teams
DaBostonStrangler10::OKC will win the west. Unless Dallas somehow does what they did last year.
_mongo_slade_::Lakers are top 5 in just about every defensive category. That's what will make them tougher in the playoffs. Not Kobe getting 40 every night.
DaBostonStrangler10::Kobe is threatening to rape the ball if it doesn't go in right now
UK_Basketball_for_life::Kobe must be snorting Coke. Only explanation... JK
FansRuinedTheGame::I'm panicking. Rondo, KG, and Ray for Dwight and Jameer. We'll throw in the crowd-favorite white guy too.
timeub32100::should have gone after JJ
timeub32100::the one from PR not the white guy from doooook
FansRuinedTheGame::Stiemsma
ClutchKingOwen::scals not on the team anymore...thus, no deal
OklahomaDrew::lol
DaBostonStrangler10::This is basically still training camp to Paul Pierce right now. I think by late January, early February is when he'll truly start to look like himself again. And when I say 'look like himself', I'm talking 18-20 points per game. Not 25 points per game like the old days.
2524thomas::"Late January, early February" P.P will be looking for his wheel chair and this old team will be looking at 5th nor 6th place in the east...stick a fork in um!!!!!lol
timeub32100::regurgitating what jeff van gundy said during the game.  Great job!
DaBostonStrangler10::Who are you talking to? Me?
patsfanallday94::hes fat, he needs to get in shape or this will continue
DaBostonStrangler10::He's not fat. He has always looked like that. He just isn't used to being in "game shape." It takes a couple weeks for your body to adjust to the running up and down the court for 48 minutes every other night.
UK_Basketball_for_life::What about last year? He didn't exactly play ball like Allen and Rondo
OklahomaDrew::have to agree here.  He'll hit a stride and get consistent
UK_Basketball_for_life::I don't know. I don't think he's been great for the last year and a half.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Ray is an anomaly
UK_Basketball_for_life::I agree. But he should not be the guy making the calls on the court anymore. Pass it to Rondo.
austenkeenan::hasn't seemed to catch up with ray yet lol
OklahomaDrew::but he's been a consistent shooter. :)
DaBostonStrangler10::Well he's been playing for years, it has to catch up with you at some point.
