Gotham::Woodson. Your favorite JR is STRUGGLING with 2 points!  And why you put Word Peace for 10 seconds? Sometimes your stubborn bald head does some of the dumbest decision makings.
Bert::I thought the Celts were supposed to be in last place according to GM's around the league...
The Sports Authority::The went a year too soon on Stevens. Team is in a weak Conference and even weaker Division. They should be a getting a high lottery pick in a stacked pool but now might even make the playoffs with a losing record.
RipeMango::What a pathetic division.  Celtics doing their best for Wiggins lottery and NY (who gave away all their 2014 lottery picks) can't even beat them.   And Celtics is leading this kangaroo division.
Truth Be Told::Knicks fans getting all giddy about having a 2 possession lead over a rebuilding team that just dismantled its entire roster this summer. Congrats you aren't losing by 40 this time... ROFL!!
UncommonSense::Once again Mike 'The Valet' Woodson lets Carmel-oh-no take over in the 4th and once again the Marshmelo chokes and the Knicks lose.  Woodson currently pulling Carmel-oh-no's Bentley around to the curb and will next shine his alligator shoes.
Rebecca Black::Trade Carmelo Anthony to the Pelicans!
Bobby::More fourth quarter bricks from Anthony and ineptitude by JR SMH. I'm loving these Knicks! At least the Isiah Knicks knew they were bad ... this team actually has talent and they are going absolutely nowhere. JR SMH needs to join his brother in the D-league.
Jersey Boy::The NY Chump Chucker's just keep on losing. What I really like most about this whole scenario? The Knicks are capped out. They have a collection of misfits who can't play basketball. They have no draft picks for the future. They have management to guide this team. Ownership is a silver spoon incompetent fool. Now the Celtics, have a weak team today. But they have the best young coach in the game (Brad Stevens). Stevens will cut his teeth on coaching in the NBA now. He is already getting his team to play above expectations. They will have Cap money & they have draft picks to build a dynasty. They picked the Nets pockets. The Celtics will be a powerhouse in a few years with the best coach compliments of Danny Ainge. The Knicks will remain a train wreck for at least another decade with no coach, no management & a fool for a owner. Gotta love it.
Knicks Tape::Knicks have 4 winnable games coming up. Boston tonight, Atlanta and Washington at home, at Milwaukee. This is a big one. Get this revenge game against this average Boston club tonight. If the Knicks come with some energy in this game--I see no reason why they can't beat this team. Knicks just need to keep their heads above water as Chandler gets closer to returning.
