balltillifall_88::this was the second game in a row where the opposing team had a chance to tie the game in the final possession and the grizz forced a turnover. the way they tighten up the defense when they have to is amazing.
Crazy Celtic Fan::Memphis is really good and are likely to get far in the playoffs.
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
chriskerr1964::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
The Lakers are good at basketball::Memphis is good they are scaring me :(
Andrew The Three Machine Bynum::me too
knight_rider_2002::only a 127 comments but a near sell out at the game...............Go Memphis
rainydaymanualmemphis::These "conversations" are $@%!$@%!.  It's just a bunch of idiots typing "my team is better than yours!!!"
Dominic10002::Only 126 comments, where's the respect??? Good game Grizz!!!
Nitrozeus::Dude.... beating a sub .500 team by having to put your Starters back in and only winning by 4?  Come on.
knight_rider_2002::Do you know how good the Blazers are?
rainydaymanualmemphis::exactly
rainydaymanualmemphis::i mean we beat the trailblazers without most of their starters .... and we nearly let it get away at the end .... respect isn't high on the priority list tonight.
UnsportsManLikeConduct2::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
Supaman670::Grizz just move to Flint and become the Tropics
1grizzfan66::Beware the Grizzlies!!!
UnsportsManLikeConduct2::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
balltillifall_88::good job disabling comments and stuff or i would have disliked that video 100 times. please quit posting it.
emthomasjr::Good win!  We have at least one scared Spurs fan's dedicated attention I see.  LMBO!
Kee0130::Go Grizz GO!
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::I wish we could get revenge on the Grizz....to bad they wont make it past the 1st round. No one fears Memphis.
Rev. Banshee::I see you didn't watch the game. Memphis was not serious at all. Up ten they put Lester Hudson in for his first game back in Memphis and then did nothing on offense except throw the ball to Hudson trying to get him some shots up. When it was a two point game they turned it on and won the game. Luckily for the Grizz there are no bad teams in the Western Playoffs.
rainydaymanualmemphis::yeah I bet you guys weren't scared of us last year either, huh?
Kee0130::&amp; you're dumb for even letting those words lift off your fingers! =) GO GRIZZLIES
Supaman670::Grizz acting all high and mighty haha. Lets Go Heat!
Nitrozeus::Spurs fans scared?  We've dominated EVERY team in the West this year.  Keep dreaming fool, we owned OKC, LA, and Memphis.  No other team in the League has the depth we do, so bring it.
Nitrozeus::Now you're just sounding like an Lakers fan.  Keep talking about beating us first round last year.  It'll be the only thing you have to talk about for a long while.
rainydaymanualmemphis::yeah you should be scared because we beat you in the playoffs last year .... and without our best player.  enjoy watching your team play 1950's basketball
emthomasjr::Spurs fans I understand being scared.  Heat fans too? Deeeem!!!  LOL.
royboy1978::Grizz DESTROYED the Heatles in South Beach about two weeks ago, remember?????
Supaman670::No way
phunky58::heat lost to wiz, bulls locked up east,   heat going down in the first round to knicks.
royboy1978::Who cares about those tired a.ss Spurs???  Grizz will wear those old timers out!!!!!!!!
Nitrozeus::Yep.... Just like the "Young" Lakers and the "Young" Thunder did right?
balltillifall_88::who the hell calls the lakers young?
grizz_gurl_84::couldnt have said it better
grizz0957::go grizz....
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::I wish we could face the Grizz in the playoffs...to bad they will be gone after the 1st round.
grizz_gurl_84::i know ur bored with ur team getting treatment at the local nursing home but this is a grizz blazers bored...get off loser
grizz_gurl_84::but he wil be ready when it counts....tim still dont want nun of him
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::ZBO looks like a punk off the bench.
balltillifall_88::that statement right there PROVES to me that you havent even watched the grizz this year. they are the definition of team basketball and playing unselfish. on offense AND defense. before you talk down on the grizz, please watch some games first. thanks.
Nitrozeus::ZBO is good, I'll give him props, but 1 player doesn't win championships.  Teams win championships and as of right now there are 2 teams playing "Team" basketball, the Spurs and the Bulls.
GrannyDanger332::ZBO looks like somebody that Tim Duncan can't guard.
grizz_gurl_84::too bad old timmy will blow a knee before the playoffs even start...
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::Hey Griz fans.....nobody fears ya now...I wish we could play ya in the 1st round...but looks like we might meet in the 2nd....if you get past the Lakers.
utvols015::Tim Duncan always has the same expression on his face when he gets called for fouls:  http://profile.ak.fbcdn.net/hprofile-ak-snc4/27540_116347865061833_1482_n.jpg  He has never actually fouled anyone in his entire career believe it or not... Spurs can suck it! I wish we got to play them first round again this year!
akm1717::How about we kick their A$$E$ in the second or rhird round en route to an NBA title!
grizz_gurl_84::tim get off the board u troll,,....ur team still fears my team...regular season records mean nothin,,,,,u shud know that. just look at last year...61 wins and gone in round 1 lol $@%!
taurus1984::Nitrozeus - With Manu and his broken hand.... GOOD JOB!!!  With no rudy gay......BETTER JOB!!
Nitrozeus::With Manu and his broken hand.... GOOD JOB!!!
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::Griz go out in the 1st round and ZBO and the fans run for the hills.
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::We got 4 titles, roy...how about your team?
rainydaymanualmemphis::YOU don't have a dang thing, moron.  the team you cheer for has won titles.  how would that reflect on your own self esteem?  do you not have any skills in life besides being a D-bag troll on the internet?
Nitrozeus::LOL, look at the post he responded to.  You were bringing up the past..... Idiot.
akm1717::Our players weren't around to see the Great Depression either. I think the young guns would easily prevail.
royboy1978::That's in the past.  We're talking about the present/future.
royboy1978::Worry about not choking to an 8th seed again.
LeBronMVPJames6::Pretty cool to see Thabeet get some minutes, too bad he couldn't capitalize. i want to see him succeed because at 7'3 he could be a huge force if he is coached the right way
Dadsterbug::About half of the Blazers will not be back next year.  Since 80% of our starting lineup has either retired or been traded by our owner this year...next year's team will look totally different.  Look for 2 for 1 trades &amp; cash deals in the off season.  Hopefully we can get at least 2 top 10 picks...and that will help a lot!
Monta_Ellis...::you cant coach 7`3 pile of horse sh.it
akm1717::Why do you think Memphis didn't want his a$$ anymore? He sucks and blows at the same time!
danielc901::You can't coach terrible.
Monta_Ellis...::Cant wait till the Grizz destroy the overrated Flop City ft Mrs. Griffen
dutchjugs perth::Clips are going to destroy the grizz!!
weshroyer::3,4,5 seeds are still up in the air.   It could be L.A. vs L.A. round one still.
akm1717::I know. We need love from OKC.
akm1717::Not a chance. The fourth-seeded Grizzlies will win in five games over the fifth-seed Clippers.
akm1717::What a block!!!!! That's all she wrote, folks.
royboy1978::GAME!!!!!!!!!!!
royboy1978::Juice make the FT's to seal the deal.
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::LMA+Batum+Wes+JJ+Elliot+Crawford?+2 top 10ish lottery picks+tons of cap space+mitch kupchak = Good future
royboy1978::RUDY WITH THE BLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dutchjugs perth::Memphis = Pretenders!!
akm1717::screw you retrard
akm1717::San Antonio said the same thing last year. Just six games later, the team with the best record took an early vacation.
grizz_gurl_84::dutchjugs perth - You know its true  FACT!!  go to bed you troll
dutchjugs perth::You know its true  FACT!!
royboy1978::This aint ending well for the Grizz.
royboy1978::These are still professional teams with professional players regardless of their records..
akm1717::Just like professional wrestling, including the scripted part (cough cough- Tim Donaughy).
z_man0789::some are just masquerading as "professional".
SiriusPadfoot2::Who's going to win the NBA title this year?  The Grizzles, fo shizzle.
grizz_gurl_84::clippers can eat $@%...they suck...just like you dutch
dutchjugs perth::clips will take care of the grizz..
Monta_Ellis...::clips suck
gotigersmemphis87::Clippers are overrated
royboy1978::It's going to be tough, but I truly hope that we win it.
SiriusPadfoot2::Yeah, no doubt about it. It's not an easy road.   I would love to see the Griz beat Griffin, then beat the Spurs again, and get their revenge on the Thunder.
royboy1978::Last night, Knicks lost to the Cavs.
royboy1978::Umm, Heat just lost to the Wizards.  Any team can have an off night.
jh437::How is Memphis not pounding this $h it team into the dirt?
akm1717::They haven't played well lately. They were losing to the  f u c k i n g  Bobcats last night by 8 going into the fourth quarter.
akm1717::Did Conley just air ball a three that bad or was it partially blocked? I couldn't tell.
gotigersmemphis87::Blocked
akm1717::Alright thanks. Good thing cause that would mean Conley is just losing it.
HummerPerfection::By process of elimination, I have Grizzlies winning the championship:  Bulls - can't shoot in crunch time Heat - no heart, no bench Celtics - too old Indiana - not enough talent Spurs - too old OKC - too young Lakers - don't play as a team LAC - two man team  Grizzlies = Champions  meow!!!
gotigersmemphis87::Too bad you posted this on a pretty much dead board. Normally you would get a ton more likes on a Grizz board
Not a Scam_Free Movies::http://realyoutubemovies.blogspot.com  New site, free movies
chadwi12::portland is playing so damn stupid... not rebounding... hesitating on wide open jumpers.... taking contested terrible shots..... pathetic
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::tank
gotigersmemphis87::Yep, no chance at the playoffs so they lose as much as they can. Thats why the shutdown Aldridge a while back
888mario888::Regardless if Memphis plays the Lakers or the Clippers, I think Memphis will win
utclindsay::yup.. although the Grizz have done better against the Lakers.
Benjamayne::damn, rudy gay can slam from so far away
Not a Scam_Free Movies::http://realyoutubemovies.blogspot.com  New site, free movies
Jayce_Reeve248593::Portland Trail Blazers vs. Memphis Grizzlies   i found a site that might help with picking a winner:   http://bit.ly/HS9EKB
Kenneth Manimal Faried is the steal of the decade::these two teams fan bases is pathetic... especially the Grizzles... wow 47 comments....
JimboNoyes::lol   its a sunny day in Portland.. no body is on a computer...   blazers have a huge fanbase.     inb4 stupid, kool aid, bandwagon,
utclindsay::Wonder what the attendance at the game is?
gotigersmemphis87::Probably not very good. Fans are just waiting to spend their money on the playoffs
utclindsay::from what the numbers look like..attendance seems to be up this year.
utclindsay::Grizz likely headed to LA for the playoffs!! Will it be the Clippers or Fakers???
akm1717::The Clippers have to win two of their last three if Memphis wins out to get the fourth seed. The Clippers will go 1-2 in their last three, so they will be the four seed.
royboy1978::Grizz are definitely doing better now.
utclindsay::Grrriizzz on a rrrrollllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
utclindsay::why is ZBo not playing?
Benjamayne::coach is resting him
utclindsay::good..I was worried he was injured again.
royboy1978::Not sure.
utclindsay::hopefully hollins is resting him.
utclindsay::grrrrriiizzzz!!!
