Giovanni::Orlando is putting up a pretty good fight.
Phillip H::Nicholson?
jason::Dear Magic,  please trade Andrew Nicholson so that I may follow a better team.  Chances are the team would actually play him for he is an above average player but your biased coach likes to play guys that are nowhere near his level of play over him.  Doesn't make much sense at all.
David::How did the Heat rally??? They were up at the end of every single quarter.  Did I miss something or is this just another Yahoo! misleading headline.
Byron::Orlando stinks!
Giovanni::Orlando players have some pretty awesome names. E'Twaun, Doron, Solomon, O'uinn, Harkless, Tobias. I should remember some of these when naming children.
PKM::I don't believe in Magic anymore.
Corey::Heat fan now I see what MJ and the Bulls fan went through. Fan who team hasn't never won anything always talking and in the end has to put their foot in their mouth cause they made an #$%$ out of themselves. For three years since this heat team has been put together they was stated as they won't win with that team too many ego when in fact none of these players ever had an ego when leading their respected other team but the media is to blame they start the drama they feed ignorant fan non-sense who would believe whatever the media spit at them. Like for instance how in the hell is Paul George even consider close to Lebron level that's plain lied. I done watch this dude play against Lebron and Durant and he's no way even in the same talk as these player. Let be honest he's not even in the same talk as Dwade. This is the media trying to get people to watch these game that's all Everyone know there only a handful of team you will go watch and see play the Heat at the top of the list, the Thunder when Westbrook is healthy and who else. Exactly nobody but watch when the playoff start and if the Pacers make it to the ECF watch how the media soon pick the Heat over the Pacers. It's a con game they already know in a seven game series the Pacers no chance of beating the Heat they still are not a good offensive team and soon or later Granger will want his starting spot back and you can thank Larry Bird for that by talking junk about Granger.They will trade him and that will be the biggest mistake cause Granger is far better than George it just he been hurt.
Pat Z::Wonder what over/under is for the number of other Dwayne Wade illegitimate children we find out about this season?
LeBlow Job James::The Flamers need to cut Greg Oden and pickup Jason Collins. He is a serviceable big man on the court and in the locker room.  He and Bosh would be a force together, and they can also work well on the court too. Gay Flamer Nation  would be thrilled.
