Ed::Many NBA fans, especially from New York, are wondering if coaches Mike Woodson of the Knicks and Jason Kidd of the Nets shouldn't be fired, but these past few seasons, Tyrone Corbin hasn't really done a great job coaching the Jazz either.    They don't have too much talent this year, but they shouldn't be 2-14 either. Keep it up and they'll wind up with around a 10-72 record.  Now if they're actually tanking, they're doing a heck of a job at it.
Aktion Pak::bulls are really something; they ended heat and pacers winning streaks and now they ended jazz losing streak
Kerry::Jazz finally get 2nd win!
Rick's Rockets::It is time to dismantle the team, do trades for other teams' bad expiring contracts and maybe a mid-level draft pick or two  Keep Gibson, Butler, Hinrich, Teague and Snell.  Get a lottery pick of some sort, maybe Charlotte's too.  Bring over Mirotic.  Then go after best free agent available, most likely Anthony.  And maybe Asik for Noah trade.  Combine it all with Rose and we're back in the fight, depending on if Mirotic is the real deal, of course.   Starting lineup:  Rose, Butler, Anthony, Gibson, Asik--with Gibson, Hinrich, Snell, Teague, Mirotic and lottery draft pick off bench.
Sean::dunleavy is completely worthless… we've gotten pretty much 0 return from him and he just takes up space on the court… what is he supposed to even be good for? hitting 3's as long as he's wide open? making free throws even though he's not effective enough to draw fouls? He can't play defense and is just frustrating.. butler come back soon
brad::Maybe if Burke hadn't turned the ball over 5 times (with only 4 assists) and missed 10 shots in regulation then the Jazz would not have had to play overtime to win. Talk about candy-coating the rookie's contribution.
Free_Man::The jazz have talent, but we are not deep. Experience is a hard bought commodity. Learning how to lose is easy. Learning how to win takes coaches and players that trust one another. The Jazz haven't developed that yet. Chalk this one up to the Bulls unless they don't want it. We could use win number two. GO JAZZ!
laker fan 1989::Kirk Hinrich is the new chris duhon, but with better defense. Bulls better look fast for a point guard, should have hung on to Belini and Nate.
Peace::The Bulls are a disgrace!!
Commenter::it's going to be a long season....
