Marcleen Bavogui::THOSE REFS STINK
Ernest Bagdasaryan::are the refs trying to make a comeback ?
Adam Youman::doin a good job of it
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Adam Youman loool
Justin Doney::I'm a Kings fan, we cheer phantom calls based off what the ref thinks happened on his blindside in our favor. Then we chant "ref you suck" for calling an actual foul.
Cali Native::I'm a Trailblazers fan.  I think you are lying.
Justin Doney::Cali Native Well, it is the NBA.....most of it is a lie;) Make a lot of money, whine a lot and you get special treatment on and off the court.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Its official, refs just signed their contracts to join the blazers. I guess that makes them officially on portland's payroll lol.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Hopefully the players only meeting can fire up some motivation for kings to play hard and keep this respectable.
Michael Romney::How many creepy Mo-bots will chant for Ji.zzer Fraudette to come off the pine after the Blazers blow out SAC? I say 10+ social outcast LD$ Inc. puppets will "cry" for Fraudette!
Keith Dennis::Jimmer will be in the game well before any blowout occurs and frankly the Kings do not have much better options that playing him as a backup.  Actually they do but Chris Mullin is in the front office.
Michael Romney::Keith Dennis For this year is all. Fraudette will NEVER play in the NBA again! He SUCKS!
Keith Dennis::Michael Romney He will play all year and will play for another NBA team next year.   Don't get carried away.
Chad Wiggins::portland missing everything in sight
Meron Foto::All of them wide open.
Jashawn Callen::Damion did just make his last 5 3's though
Meron Foto::Jashawn Callen Yea.... but too little too late. You can't win games when you give up over 40 pts in 4th alone.
Cali Native::Kings > Blazers and Refs
Meron Foto::Meeehhhh..... Blazers played garbage the entire game.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I believe kings might be able to steal a W here, like they did against Miami and Houston. Almost beat the spurs too.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Miami was missing like half their players and Houston is just an average team at best. I don't even like Portland but I know queens don't have a prayer of beating them
Curtis Pro::Who are the queens?
Keith Dennis::Vladimir Tsalyuk Kings I mean Queens beat the Heat and LeBron played.. the rest of Miami are role players.   Sorry about that loss.. I know it still stings losing to one of the worst teams in the NBA.  Dont be mad when LeBron leaves and you end up worse than the Queens.
Anthony Joseph Ziegler::It'll be a shame if Cousins doesn't make the All-Star game. Just imagine if he goes to a team who is a 6th or 7th seed hopeful. They'd probably be fighting for a 3rd seed.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Exactly, Cousins is having the best season of his career. The only reason he might not make it is because his on a losing team.  Then again carmelo's knicks are doing to well either. I hope he gets it, he deserves it.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::alrdridge missing easy shots.. everytime i bet on portland he cant hit anything everytime i bet against them he cant miss and hits crazy shots smh
Steve Carman::it's because you're ugly and a loser! hahahahah suck it ugly loser!
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::HAHHAHAHHA
Tyler Moss::Stop betting
Brian Backoff::this game is toast no way Portland can win no heart tonight or fight for them
Dishant Patel::How can you allow 43 points in the 4th Qt? Good luck with that D in playoffs.
Adam Youman::wow fail the refs want the blazers to pull this one off
Meron Foto::huh???
Meron Foto::Kings with 46 FT attempt already. What---- should they give them 60 instead??
Adam Youman::Meron Foto this officiating is crap....
Meron Foto::LMAO----- I have no idea how that was a foul. LOL LOL
Ernest Bagdasaryan::seriously lol, that was a bailout call.
Don Layton::Blowout please! I wanna see CJ play.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::We always perform better against top seed teams for some reason.
Sandy Porter::Can't wait to see CJ play.
Tyler Moss::So exited for CJ :)
Michael Sullivan::One of the worst officiated games I've seen in a while. The refs looked like they were trying to make up for all the ticky-tacky fouls they called on the kings in the first half, by doing the same to the blazers in the second half, how do you call 62 fouls in a game?? Props to the Kings for royally spanking us in the third quarter... but I could watch Lillard shoot threes all day!
Donna Schott::totally agree, very bad officiated game with too many ticky-tack fouls.
Marc Pascal::Look at the minutes logged by the Blazers bench. That's crazy. Other than Mo Williams, no one played more than nine minutes. This team relies so much on they're starting 5 so they better stay healthy...which I must say is ironic for the Blazers.
James Belandres::blazers chasing regular season wins doing what coach thibs did wrong in chicago playing guys to the bone to get a good record and look good in the regular season then wonder why your team is hurt in the playoffs all the time
Eddie Cruz::James Belandres That's actually a really good point, never saw it that way.
Chad Wiggins::guarantee fredette is coming out after that bad play.. doesn't matter how well things have flown with him in, one mistake and he's out.. how can anyone play when they literally make one mistake and their yanked.
Adam Youman::maybe he should just not make dumb mistakes...
David Franson::Isaiah must not have met his minimum quota for minutes yet.  Only played 30 so far tonight.
Adam Youman::woah. 13 3rd quarter points. lol that doesnt look like the best offensive team in the league. where did that 35 point 1st quarter go???
Rene Covarrubias::right!! i feel u, im smh at this stuff, im hoping for ot now
Adam Youman::28 points in 26 minutes so far. People gave him so much hate when he was playing for toronto...rightly so but Props to the new Rudy Gay
Kia Dat Slimbby::RIP CITY STAND UP..SHOUT OUT TO MY BRO T-ROB..GET UR REVENAGE BRO PUT T-ROB IN THE GAME COACH......!!!! GO PORTLAND
Cvete Karamacoski::Some advice for Portland, You have a top 5 PF in Aldridge, get him to stop shooting jumpshots and get him in the post....
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::thats his game .if it goes in his good if it doesnt whole team sux... wait the whole team are all jumpshooters.. no inside game at all so if it dont fall the blazers fall
Chad Wiggins::are u serious, that wet jumper is what makes him a a top 3 power forward
Cvete Karamacoski::Chad Wiggins  What happens when the J's don't fall?
True Cutter::portland will drop the next 3 to orlando,boston and cleveland and then blow out san antonio by 30. thats nba for you
David Franson::Free throw and fouling marathon tonight. 77 free throws taken and 58 fouls committed.  Wow!! lol
Ernest Bagdasaryan::86 total lol. refs were in portlands pocket in the last 5 mins of 4th Q
