Rickster7218::Waiters didn't play do shabbily either, 6 Brds, 6 Assists, 2 Steals &amp; 12 Pts......
randumo24::Kyrie is one of the most fun players in the NBA to watch. He's not leading all PGs in PPG this year for nothing. A lot of people who don't know much about him are going to find out about him come all star weekend. To think, there were people on these boards saying that he didn't deserve to make the all star team.
stairwell13::17 free throws for Durant?  If the refs would stop bailing him out on his misses he would be shooting about 45% from the field.  Dude gets 10 free throws EVERY game, nobody is getting taken care of in Stern's NBA more than The Praying Mantis.
rag63top::Helllll of a game last night. Kyrie came through big. I like how he wasn't feeling the last game and kind of chalked it up, only to realize his mistake of doing so, realizing his role of the leader, and taking charge of the very next game. This kid has a lot of maturity and his future is so bright. Top level pg at age 20.... He is only going to get better.   I know the loss doesn't mean much to OKC fans, because things happen sometimes and games are lost when you normally would have won. They can write the loss off as a fluke, and continue on being a great team. But, this is a big win for the Cavs. It only builds their confidence to play harder, knowing what they can accomplish as a team. Cavs have Irving for at least another 5 years, and a ton of money to spend. After this season they are going to start emptying the piggy bank and spending some money to get this team rocking. Can't wait for it to see what happens.
YoungGunna978::Hell of a game by Kyrie and the rest of the Cavaliers. He did great down the stretch but it was a team effort.
Ganondad::When's the last time a young super-star left his team when his rookie contract was up?  It pretty much never happens.
Bradrtr5::Eveyone is saying kyrie will leave when he gets the chance.  Why would he want to do that when hes on the youngest and a upcoming team in the nba and throw lebron in their and lebrons sayng may be true not 1 not 2 not 3 not5 but ya a LLOOOTTTTT.!1
Bradrtr5::Kyrie is a stud
Stino91::It was a great game to watch, both teams put on a show and these are the kind of games that I LOVE to watch.
BavarianM3::It's amazing, KD gets 32,11, 3 while shooting poorly in the last 2 games. Dude is unreal.
LEBRON OWNS ALL.::Its not amazing he gets babied by the refs...
stairwell13::Another reason to hate KD?  How's this one - he's a lying jerk.  Thrown out of a game for swearing at a ref and then claiming that he just said he disagreed with the call.  I have watched him spike the ball and slam his fist into the basket support (at Denver).  Dude's a punk.
stairwell13::10 free throws a game for KD
LEBRON OWNS ALL.::It is the truth... If he misses a jumper he just falls over and gets free throws. Or he does that stupid move where he sticks his long a.ss arms into the defender while jumping and he gets free throws for it... It is garbage.
BavarianM3::LEBRON OWNS ALL. - He drives to the basket less than James and he shoots 4 more FTs per game... They baby him because he is a skinny punk  lol another 10 year old who doesn't know $@%!
LEBRON OWNS ALL.::He drives to the basket less than James and he shoots 4 more FTs per game... They baby him because he is a skinny punk
BavarianM3::Is he the only superstar to get babied by refs? Find another reason to hate KD seriously.
ccharvat69::i love how about 3/4 of that highlight was about OKC... Kyrie dominated one of the best teams in the nba but he gets about 2 highlights... no love to possibly the best pg in the league right now
YoungGunna978::NBA.com is the best place for basketball highlights.
Elorm17::Uncle Drew Gets BUCKETS  http://www.nba.com/video/games/cavaliers/2013/02/03/0021200698-okc-cle-play5.nba/index.html
RNYC::I hope Cleveland enjoys watching kyrie Irving. In two years he'll be in a new market.
nsmithNYC::So truly ignorant. Obviously you know nothing about the way the NBA contracts work. Get a f'ing clue and read the CBA. Kyrie is going nowhere anytime soon. He has two more years on his rookie contract and then is a RESTRICTED free agent meaning the Cavs can match any offer. He will be a Cav for at least 5 more years.
Banned in C-Town::That was ignorant
Xu Xing::While possible, the new CBA seems to be changing the modifying this behavior. Clearly, if New York, Chicago and LA wind up with all the best players, we would have a three team NBA. That would surely be fun to watch. Not going to happen!
Crocklydoszapatos::As a c-town fan, unfortunately I have to agree.  I've lost a lot of interest in in the nba over the last 5 years due to this fact.    OKC seems to be the exception these days by building through the draft and not simply buying a championship team.
Hawk 20::and i hope you get a life sometime soon
dog_has_fleas::Where oh swami?
RNYC::New York LA Chicago it's the NBA. A star as big and as talented as kyrie won't stay in Cleveland. No disrespect I'm just being honest.
karelp::Kyrie sure looks like the next budding superduperstar.
KazuoOda::Yea if you say so. Don't you have another game to go lose?
RNYC::That's b/c he is. Cleveland will lose another uber talented player.
dog_has_fleas::Well it isn't like he can go back and play for his hometown team.
1899ClevelandSpiders::I'm out Cleveland fans, GO CAVS, INDIANS, BROWNS AND BUCKEYES...You know why the trees in Cleveland lean to the East? Because Detroit blows and Pittsburgh sucks, l8er
MorandoNoBrasil::ha.......in ok we say it is so windy cause texas sucks and kansas blows
heat nation toronto::I'm going to the game ................ this is like a superbowl game for me... wooo
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::and you decided to come to a cavs/thunder chat room with that info because?????
nba is the worst::If the heat "don't try" today in Toronto (like the heat fanboys claim is the only reason they ever lose) does it mean they hate Spo?
robonic30::no strain - Heat have only one goal
nba is the worst::The point is that Spo won't coach the east allstars if they lose today.
robonic30::Spo is young and getting better , if we lose we lose - big deal . U seem to panic more than heat fans do
dog_has_fleas::Wait wait wait, so if I say anything bad about the teams in Cleveland I am trolling? Regardless of the truth? So with this win are still 20 under .500 and the Browns just wrapped up another top 10 pick in the NFL. And yet their futures look bright? Kyrie Irving's future looks bright. Maybe a few players on the Browns future looks bright. But the teams themselves aren't exactly locked into anything right now.
ADbearJEW::considering they are on those teams, yes the future looks bright. with the cavs, the truth is that in the nba you need to be either at the top or at the bottom. the cavs last two drafts have gone great, and they are building a solid core of young players. if you watch this team vs the top teams, they really kick it into high gear and play them tough. but like young teams (starting two rookies and two second year players) they are inconsistent and do not always bring the effort, especially on defense.
remy 88::I think both are headed in the right direction. The Browns weren't nearly as bad as their record would suggest. They just play a really tough division.
dog_has_fleas::BootyLoaf. - they have the youngest team in the league.. they had ike 8 rookies starting for them last year  Rookies are the reason they were bad yet all of the Colts main contributors this year minus Reggie Wayne were rookies. Come on. Is it really that hard to just say, your team is busted and probably not getting better?
BootyLoaf.::they have the youngest team in the league.. they had ike 8 rookies starting for them last year
dog_has_fleas::Well that is my point, unless some realignment is happening, aren't they sort of doomed? I mean they had the one good year with DA at QB and then just fell back into the norm for the Browns. I really thought by now they would figure it out. Though when they beat the Bungles and Steelers this year it made my day.
BootyLoaf.::browns played real tough in all their games pretty much. had 4th quarter leads in almost all the losses
1899ClevelandSpiders::No one said they were "locked in," no you're a troll because every time someone talks positive about Cleveland you respond by saying "yea but...theyll suck because of this or this bad thing will happen." so just go away
dog_has_fleas::No I am objective about what is going on, I don't play in fantasy land. My basketball team has exactly 0 superstars or building blocks and is still better than the Cavs. As I said, Irving has a bright future as a scorer in this league, but that one guy won't get them out from being where they are.
BootyLoaf.::why in the hell is TT still only a 68 in 2k??
1899ClevelandSpiders::I predict he'll be an 83 next year...
BootyLoaf.::lol that might be a bit of a stretch
1899ClevelandSpiders::Can't wait til Heat fans are burning their LeBron jerseys in the streets in July 2014 and then Austin Carr says #6 throws down the Hammer!
robonic30::Yeah the Heat have been around for 25 years with no real fans - right !!??!!
dog_has_fleas::clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS - did you see their stands pre Lebron/Bosh? Better yet, did you see their stands in the early rounds of the playoffs the last 2 yrs? Not even sold out. What a horrible sports town!!!!  Well you know their are actually things to do in Miami. Cleveland, not so much
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::did you see their stands pre Lebron/Bosh?  Better yet, did you see their stands in the early rounds of the playoffs the last 2 yrs? Not even sold out. What a horrible sports town!!!!
remy 88::the Heat doesn't have real fans. I'm sure they'll get over it real quick.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::Mia fans are not passionate. They dont like or watch their teams unless they win.
1899ClevelandSpiders::I said I shouldnt have to ask you twice but here I am, go troll elsewhere, loserrrr
dog_has_fleas::Unless you plan on flying to where I am and physically removing my computer, pipe down internet tough guy.
robonic30::Miami people are too classy for that !! and have better things to do
Banned in C-Town::Yeah, there is a lot of grass to be cut and cigars to be rolled in Miami
dog_has_fleas::And then all the Cavs fans get mad because he went to become a Laker.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::so if/when the Cavs acquire Lebron, and are ready to be players for the 'ship, does anyone think Coach Scott will be the one?  I just have this gut feeling that if Lebron comes back and Kyrie keeps transforming into a star that we will have a new coach. The guy I feel is Doc Rivers. I dont know why, but i just got this weird feeling.
nba is the worst::Can't see Doc Rivers moving to Cle either
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::What if the Celtics dont get any better? They are old. And a chance to coach the best pg and sf together? Maybe.... could be interesting.
1899ClevelandSpiders::Spoken like a fool, I love it, keep it up man you bring much needed laughter to the board!
robonic30::No one ever wants to leave south beach , he would have to be traded
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::hence the ton of 2014-2019 draft picks the Cavs have acquired.
1899ClevelandSpiders::If we could get Doc I'd take him over any coach in the league today
robonic30::So if Refs are fixing games in you guys opinion , why watch ??? Does that mean that Stern and the refs gave   Jordan and the bulls 6 rings too ???
robonic30::Well I wont try and convince you , you might be one of those conspiracy lovers
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::the proof is in the video. Go back and watch those series objectively, like I did.
robonic30::There is too much on the line , for league officials to be fixing matches . I get tired of people blaming refs , especially when their team loses !!
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::do you have any idea how much more money was made by the Thunder playing the Heat then if it was the Spurs(the most boring, underwatched team in America)
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::Stern def put the Thunder into the finals last yr.  And he put the Cavs into the finals the yr Lb took them.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::no. not that game. but earlier in the round the Lebron was getting all kinds of calls.
Banned in C-Town::Really? ... Stern went into Detroit and dropped 20+ in the 4 th quarter?
Banned in C-Town::Who said anything about that? ... They don't fix games, the officiating is just the worst in all of pro sports
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::they dont "fix", they just help the outcome by calling touch fouls on one team and none for the other.
dog_has_fleas::Some might want to tell you that.
nba is the worst::tbest23 This was a long road stretch for the Thunder. Let's call it like it is, a unhuman effort to barely escape okc. Upsets happen so don't hang your hat on one game. They might lose their next one by 10-15 again. Laters 14 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag -=-=-  Gotta love OKC fans (grueling 1-gm road trip)  Easiest schedule in the league, only 1 road trip over 4 games long (6), and only 15 B2bs
remy 88::I think more probably referencing since the first of the year, 12 of 17 games have been on the road.
MorandoNoBrasil::quite sure he was referring to the 6 game stretch before the home game against memphis
MorandoNoBrasil::dude, i NEVER disagreed with you.  just think jumping all over an entire fanbase for one misconstrued comment is a little much.  you said "gotta love OKC fans" not just "gotta love this guy" or something.
nba is the worst::Wow - unlike you, I comment on what's said, not on what you speculate was "meant".  I've never seen an easier schedule than Stern gave Bennett this season, care to comment on that?
MorandoNoBrasil::agreed, but you obviously agree it was a long road trip that he was referring to.....just don't know why you jumped all over the guy and our fanbase for it.  bit uncalled for in my opinion.
nba is the worst::Which was the ONLY long road trip for OKC this season - even the heat had 2, lets not talk about the Spurs Clippers, or Lakers...
1899ClevelandSpiders::Gotta love trolls, you're one...
nba is the worst::he said it was a long road stretch, despite having hosted the Grizzlies in OKC the previous game.  WTF?
MorandoNoBrasil::then why didn't he understand what tbest23 was talking about?
1899ClevelandSpiders::$@% kisser, brown noser ^
Banned in C-Town::Actually he is one of the most knowledgeable posters around these threads
1899ClevelandSpiders::FACT: Cavs have possibly seven 1st round picks next three drafts, our own 1sts (3), 2 Miamis, 1 Memphis, 1 Kings if they ever get out of the lottery!
BootyLoaf.::I just popped a half chub
1899ClevelandSpiders::ANNND LeBron back in 2014...would be awesome to see the Browns and Cavs win it all same season, both futures look very bright!
1899ClevelandSpiders::just stop, all you do is troll, now go away, I shouldnt have to tell you twice, your input is garbage
BootyLoaf.::idiot ^^
dog_has_fleas::Nothing about the Browns future looks bright when the 3 teams in their division are already good, and they aren't even a real pro team. Talkin about contending in two years, you really are blind.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::alright now.. calm down.... Im getting too excited.
BootyLoaf.::exactly. we are set going forward
Banned in C-Town::And Luke Walton
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::And 2 20 yr old players who have the potential to become all stars.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::and a 20 yr old superstar.
BootyLoaf.::ANND the most cap space in the league
Ray Lewis Tears::Is it okay to be attracted to your first cousin?
Ray Lewis Tears::What if she was a 9/10?
BootyLoaf.::........
MorandoNoBrasil::only in arkansas
dog_has_fleas::Not even acceptable there.
BootyLoaf.::probably not
1899ClevelandSpiders::is she hot, if so then yes
robonic30::Some people love to overreact over 1 or 2 regular season games . OKC are still best in west - MIA still beast in east !!
robonic30::yes there are , I wouldnt watchem but there are
nba is the worst::That's false.
robonic30::Why even bother watching or following when u think refs are fixing games then ???
nba is the worst::Is there another pro basketball league to watch?  smh
robonic30::coulda woulda shoulda
nba is the worst::clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS - cmon. The nba wanted the KD vs LB matchup and made sure it happened.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::cmon. The nba wanted the KD vs LB matchup and made sure it happened.
MorandoNoBrasil::woulda coulda shoulda live in the didn't get it done house.
robonic30::yes but they play over their talent level with great coaching. Pop is a genius
nba is the worst::Spurs have won 10 straight and have the most road wins and highest pt differential.  Scoreboard proves Spurs &gt; OKC
nba is the worst::At the ft line.  Amazing that there's a pro sports league with not just 1, but TWO convicted felons as lead officials.
dog_has_fleas::Spurs also ran through the WC last year, then were abruptly stopped by the Thunder.
nba is the worst::OKC won games 3-5 legit, but gm 6 was BS
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::spurs should have beaten OKC last yr in the Western finals. They got hosed out of the playoffs. I've never seen so many phantom fouls called against the Spurs.
MorandoNoBrasil::hate to say it, but i think the spurs are playing a bit better than us right now.
remy 88::I like Thunder especially in a seven game series.
Ray Lewis Tears::Lebron James!!!!Lebron James!!!!Lebron James!!!!Lebron James!!!!Lebron James!!!!Lebron James!!!!
Ray Lewis Tears::Not true!!
robonic30::All that matters is the playoffs - they only play 82 for ticket sales
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::i think he just had an orgas.m and that is what he yells out.
Banned in C-Town::Was the question what players teammates bang his mother?
robonic30::16 is 16
nba is the worst::66 isn't 82
nba is the worst::Zero full season rings.
nba is the worst::Facts &gt; BS
1899ClevelandSpiders::that's the best you got? lameeee
Ace of Speights::derrick rose is coming back soon
dog_has_fleas::That will matter for about 7 games until Rose gets hurt again.
robonic30::a storm is coming
BootyLoaf.::I hate the bulls but I cant wait for that, I hope they nationally televise that game
Ace of Speights::ikr he is doing full contact right now so he should be ready in like a month they will probably televise the game they will get alot of ratings
HotdogSalesman2012::i don't think okc gets out of the west this year.
remy 88::For that to happen, OKC would need to not have home advantage, for sure. And then nobody else is as good on the road as OKC, so probably not likely to happen.
nba is the worst::No depth, and a clueless coach.  Also very unlikely the league will send Joey Crawford to ref a Spurs elimination game 2 years straight (even for Stern, too obvious)
nba is the worst::You've missed the games vs the heat?
remy 88::I'm a Thunder fan to the core and I kinda agree that Brooks leaves a little to be desired.
BootyLoaf.::scott brooks is a clueless coach? are you fu.cking serious?
robonic30::why ?
MorandoNoBrasil::in place of who?
MorandoNoBrasil::spurs aren't out of the realm of possibility.....it is a long season though, which doesn't bode well for age.  timmy sprained his LEFT knee and RIGHT ankle last night.  not quite sure how that even happened.
Banned in C-Town::The Spurs
tbest23::This was a long road stretch for the Thunder. Let's call it like it is, a unhuman effort to barely escape okc. Upsets happen so don't hang your hat on one game. They might lose their next one by 10-15 again. Laters
nba is the worst::Long road stretch?  In what way?
Banned in C-Town::I disagree, Kyrie happened  Doc Rivers
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::SF or Balt?  I want SF b/c of 4 Buckeye alums.
1899ClevelandSpiders::San Fran, never root for the former Browns, still hate them
MorandoNoBrasil::SF.........jim harbaugh coached my undergrad school in san diego.
BootyLoaf.::I worked at alex boones house about a year ago.. he is a BIG dude
1899ClevelandSpiders::played against him in HS, thought he was a giant, glad to see he made it in the NFL, alcohol problems and poor work ethic plagued him at OSU and threatened his NFL career, GO BUCKS!
BootyLoaf.::lets all take a minute to soak in what we got out of jon leur... ahhh refreshing. and I had a wet dream about kyrie last night
1899ClevelandSpiders::Cavs will be dangerous in a few years, possibly 7 1st rnd picks next 3 drafts, our 3 firsts, 2 Miamis, 1 Memphis and 1 Sac Kings if they ever get out of the lottery ahah
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::they will be used as trade bait to get another star.
1899ClevelandSpiders::GMs around the league said we fleeced the Grizzlies getting Speights and Ellington for Luer, Selby was a throw in...then when they heard we got a lottery pick too, they face just face palmed
kardiackid11::Yeah I heard that too,  some of the GM's were even p.issed that the Grizzlies made that trade, at least thats what Sam Amico said
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::I would have traded one of our protected first rounders in the future to get Speights and Ellington.
tbest23::Nasty...
wilcox1232::remember what you paid for leur...oh ya nothing you got him off waivers for free!
Ace of Speights::um gay
robonic30::So its Cavs vs Pacers in the conference Finals now  !!!
robonic30::Chicago is the real threat - Indiana are good at home but not on the road
robonic30::It was a joke - Pacers aint goin nowhere - MIA vs OKC part II
nba is the worst::heat fans are too funny.  No way both teams make the Finals again
wilcox1232::i think miamis there to but i think the pacers are the biggest threat in the east to them. i dont believe in any ny based team at all, and ill be shocked if rose can make it to the playoffs healthy
wilcox1232::i'm really really curious on what the pacers will do, granger is a prime piece to move i love paul george, if they move granger they could really get a piece to make a run
Ace of Speights::yes
Ace of Speights::kyrie plays like myplayer on nba2k13  13 points in 2min 50 seconds thats insane
wilcox1232::mcgrady still has him beat :p http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfurCV1FDpM
Ace of Speights::lol true
BootyLoaf.::no he doesn't
tbest23::Perkins is a shell of his Boston days. He's just awful...
remy 88::He can be such a difference maker both good and bad. Sometimes in the same game. Like last night the OKC announcers went wild when he blocked those shots, but that was right after he turned the ball over in the first place! He had four turnovers. Nobody who handles the ball as little as Perk should have four turns.
Minnysota Vikings::He was overrated even in Boston. He got alot of the credit for KG's great defense.
wilcox1232::hes a great example of much much more valuable to one team than to another
1899ClevelandSpiders::I really hope the Cavs get Nerlens Noel in the draft, dude is a beast on both ends of the floor and would bring great interior defense, making everyone around him better
Colin5266::i'll take 6 blocks a game lol.
1899ClevelandSpiders::He's 6'10 can play C or PF really, I think the Cavs will keep SF open with stopgaps til 2014 to see if Bron comes back...Gee is a bench player, Waiters is the 6th man, he's at his very best in that role
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::if he can play C, then I would take him first. That is the position other than SF that I would like to see us attack.  Isaiah Austin out of Baylor is a solid C as well if we cant get Noel.
1899ClevelandSpiders::Only a troll doesn't like Noel's game, he's gonna be a stud in the league for years to come!
dog_has_fleas::1899ClevelandSpiders - Right because he won't get any better, he's as good as he can be on the offensive end, do you really believe what you're typing or just a troll? When he gets in time with some of the NBA greats and works on his post game he'll get much better, his athleticism is enough to make him respectable in college  Yeah because Kwame Brown really benefitted once he got to the pros right? How about Darius Miles?  And your last comment is the icing on the cake. His athleticism makes him respectable in college. Not good, not great, but respectable. yeah sounds like a surefire number one, said nobody.
1899ClevelandSpiders::Right because he won't get any better, he's as good as he can be on the offensive end, do you really believe what you're typing or just a troll? When he gets in time with some of the NBA greats and works on his post game he'll get much better, his athleticism is enough to make him respectable in college
dog_has_fleas::1899ClevelandSpiders - never said hes a savant, but I guess thats a way to try to win an argument by putting words in other peoples mouths, I said he was beastin at both ends of the floor last night, obviously his defensive game is better than his offensive game, which will come with time  Only a troll doesn't like Noel's game, that is what you said. you got called out because his offensive game is terrible. It will only get worse in the pros.
1899ClevelandSpiders::never said hes a savant, but I guess thats a way to try to win an argument by putting words in other peoples mouths, I said he was beastin at both ends of the floor last night, obviously his defensive game is better than his offensive game, which will come with time
dog_has_fleas::Only a troll? Or someone who doesn't understand how a guy can be so hyped when he has one of the most inept looking offensive games in CBB. The last game i watched him try to dump in a four foot shot, he didn't even get the ball over the rim. HE WAS BLOCKED BY THE RIM! I like his defensive game, but he shows nothing that says gamechanger or 1st round pick.
tbest23::But to claim he's a savant on offense is indeed ludicrous @ this point in time.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::what position does he play. That will be a huge deciding factor.  I think we really need to upgrade the SF position so we can bring Gee in as a 6th man again.  But with the Lebron rumors, who knows if the Cavs will even address that part of their roster or just keep building around it with secret knowledge of his hierness coming back.
1899ClevelandSpiders::how about last night, did you watch the game, guess not...NEXT!
dog_has_fleas::1899ClevelandSpiders - haha dude are you serious, you talk about no progression and then fail to recognize he's a freshman in college, dude GTFO her with your $@%! poor analysis troll  Dude, who is trolling? The one guy he is constantly compared to, Davis, clearly improved from the beginning to the end of the season. It was obvious that his game would progress and move to the next level. He started out the year dunking everything and found a rhythm throughout the year until that dreadful NC game. You can't see the obvious, that is clear. Nothing about Noel's complete game screams #1. Proof is in the tape.
1899ClevelandSpiders::haha dude are you serious, you talk about no progression and then fail to recognize he's a freshman in college, dude GTFO her with your $@%! poor analysis troll
dog_has_fleas::So a guy averages 10 points a game in college is going to do what in the pros? Sorry but their isn't progression. I don't look at a box score and say, see he got this many points. I watch the game and watch a guy have 4 foot dumps that he can't make uncontested. I think I could find people in my deployed location with better offensive games than this guy. You say he scores when needed though if they leaned on him to score, they would crumble.
1899ClevelandSpiders::He had one game where he had more blocks than pts, and he had 12, of his last 5 games before last night, he had more pts than blocks in 3 was tied in one and had 12 blocks and 2 pts in the other, so what exactly are you trying to prove, cuz I see a guy that is a blocking machine and can score if necessary, so top trolling dude
dog_has_fleas::So one game erases what he does on a nightly basis, love how you would like to overlook that.
dog_has_fleas::Both ends of the floor? He has had more blocks than points in the last 5 games.
Ace of Speights::ya but he had like 12 blocks lol
Ace of Speights::speights deserves a fuking medal
BootyLoaf.::kyrie deserves a fu.cking island or something then
wilcox1232::they might have a shot, teams are terrified of the luxury tax and its not gonna be superstars that take the hits it will be the middle players. I think in the next 2 or 3 years the players that are worth 6-8 a year right now will be making 3-4 a year because thats the market
1899ClevelandSpiders::Unfortunately for the Cavs, his contract is up, and I think he'll command a contract in upwards of $8 million a year, which the Cavs won't pay and will let him walk, too bad, would really like to have him back next season
wilcox1232::the only people that were like "pointless trade" when that deal was done were people that don't follow the NBA. Mo has been money everywhere he has played, hes like jose calderon, great player but always undervalued
MorandoNoBrasil::agreed
Banned in C-Town::Yes, he does.... He has been money since he got here
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::besides the best looking jump shot by any PG in the league, what separates Kyrie from most pg's is the incredible ball handling. Kyrie doesnt get to the rim because of insane athleticism like a D Rose, he gets there by his amazing change of direction and pace on his dribbling.  kyrie is old school. He is an intelligent basketball player with a very high IQ and understanding for the game. He will be able to use this style for many many yrs.
dog_has_fleas::incredible ballhandler yet averages about 3.5 TOs a game, what kind of logic is that?
ADbearJEW::lol dog denying kyrie is an unreal ball handler shows you are a troll. its obvious he is top 5 in that regard
wilcox1232::29.2% usage rate and only 3.5 tos a game, thats actually really good. Only wall westbrook kobe and melo are used more than kyrie by their teams
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::2 of those to's are when he throws it away(has nothing to do with ball handling, only passing) and the other 1.5 is when the other team smacks him on a drive and they dont call the foul.
Ace of Speights::he always handles the ball thats what happens he has insane handles and young guys are always TO machines
wilcox1232::steph currys jumper is better than kyries, id put kyrie at 2
wilcox1232::ya currys a pg but honestly with him and klay they dont use a real pg lol
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::his jumper is smooth. I forgot all about Curry being a pg. I thought he played off the ball alot.
aquafinah20::Will Thunder get put out the 1st round this playoffs?
MorandoNoBrasil::god i hope not.  by who?  houston, lakers?  utah maybe?  we play pretty well at home.
dog_has_fleas::By who?
wilcox1232::Kyrie is getting all the love but without speights the cavs wouldn't of been in the game for kyrie to win it he was a monster
wilcox1232::it was a straight salary dump by memphis, its the underrated thing about having 9 million in cap space during the season you can make trades like that. I LOVE trades like that
wilcox1232::ya that was sick, the whole mo williams and jamario moon for baron and kyrie is one of the sickest trades ever. I think the clippers honestly would of been better off with kyrie gordan and blake than what they have now
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::me too. Especially when they work out like this. Grant has now hit on his last 2 'salary dump' trades. He struck gold with Baron Davis acquisition and now he looks like he hit a homerun with Speights.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::Mo has been nothing short of a miracle.  For the Cavs to trade away a guy that is a bad D leaguer and get Mo, Ellington and a 1st rounder is crazy.
nba is the worst::Guess KD needed a few more ftas
Banned in C-Town::Long time no see
OSUBUCKNUTS2009::yay this game reached 5000+ awesomesauce
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::no one can say that the Cleveland Fans are not passionate.
1899ClevelandSpiders::I find the sense of entitlement and erroneous belief that every free agent wants to come to NY or LA quite comical, its very sad to see pathetic Lakers, Knicks and Nets fans drooling over our superstar...if they didn't care about Kyrie or the Cavs, or really thought our future looked so bleak, they wouldn't be here trolling all the time! Lakers, Knicks and Nets fans are 25% worried, 75% jealous of Kyrie Irving and the Cavs, now troll away losers!!!!
1899ClevelandSpiders::And for the record, I am rooting hard for the Lakers to make the playoffs as the #8 seed in the West and be met with a swift, 1st round sweep so that we can swap our Miami 1st with their #15/16 pick, will help the Cavs get better with younger studs as the Lakers get older and older, slower and slower...haha
aquafinah20::Westbrook will get traded Thunder fans, after they lose in the playoffs, thunder will trade him.
MorandoNoBrasil::wouldn't really be opposed to that one.
MorandoNoBrasil::and who do you think would be involved in such a trade?  also, i don't really think anyone in okc felt like harden was a lock to stay in town....there was always some uncertainty there.
wilcox1232::i could really see a sign and trade this offseason with the clippers for chris paul
MorandoNoBrasil::just saying i find it highly, highly unlikely
wilcox1232::just curious and not accusing but at this point last year would you have found them trading harden highly unlikely, i'm actually with you that they won't trade westbrook but i think theres around a 20% chance
MorandoNoBrasil::if we wanted to trade him, we never would have gone for the long contract.
wilcox1232::cause players that sign long term contracts never get traded
Banned in C-Town::Agreed  The Memphis Grizzlies
MorandoNoBrasil::he has 4 more years on his contract bro
Banned in C-Town::Ok... But what does that have to do with him getting traded?
aquafinah20::and? i said they will trade him.
brownies0064::Westbrook had this look on his face before the game saying " why did i bother showing up to play these bums tongiht" OKC never took the Cavs seriously, even in the 4Q
remy 88::Well, Cavs were definitely playing for the win harder than OKC. OKC went deep in the bench early and for far more minutes.
MorandoNoBrasil::i think we took the cavs seriously, we just got outplayed.  kyrie lit us up pretty good.
nihkkah::I respect the assessment.
Panthersalltheway89::Some people think Kyrie will be the best PG in the league in a few years. I think he is pretty close to it now. If he had a better supportting cast he would get more publicity. Remember, this kid did work against the USA squad before the Olympics last year drawing high praises from players and coaches.
wilcox1232::i hate to say it but i don't think he'll ever be the best pg in the league, strictly because i think he'll only have 2 or 3 seasons in his career that hes healthy for the full year
SeKeMe::Chris Paul is injury prone and he is still considered the best PG in the game.
Inbound_the_Ball::If I was in OKC, I'd make a sign that says "Durant... your flopping is embarrassing to watch!"  I had all kinds of respect for Durant. But I'm losing alot of that because he has added all this flopping to his game, and its obvious to watch. And he knows that the league will never fine him for that. He's their darling.   I used to really enjoy watching OKC games. But his five to ten flops a game make it really hard to watch OKC play anymore.
nba is the worst::Nothing funnier than a heat/D-Flop fan complaining about KD, hypocrite!
Banned in C-Town::Kyrie is already better than Westbrook
wilcox1232::hes better in clevelands situation westbrook is better in okc than kyrie would be
remy 88::c'mon now...don't be silly.
remy 88::Except it's not. I think he's had a great career so far and he's a better shooter, but to put him ahead of someone who's put together five straight years of all star stats...not realistic.
Banned in C-Town::Better shooter, better ball handler, more clutch  Appears to be a simple equation to me
RJBBoston::for sure he is.
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::Chris Grant deserves mad credit. He transformed an old, slow, salary cap strapped team into a young, dynamic, salary cap rich, and a ton of future 1st rounders team with a very bright future.
wilcox1232::http://www.prosportstransactions.com/basketball/DraftTrades/Future/Cavaliers.htm   they have a ton of picks
dog_has_fleas::What 1st rounders do they have? And who would they spend them on?
clevelandrocksClevelandRocksCLEVELANDROCKS::they will be trade bait in the future for when the Cavs are ready to compete. they will be used to acquire a star off a team(ala Carmello, Lebron)
Banned in C-Town::Don't know yet, most of them are conditional
NDCHEG2012::Heatpatriotsyankees, your posts are giving me cancer.
