Jaguarcrazyboy::OKC is one heck of a team for small market. Good owners.
ShaqLee_1::Great Owners... They knew when to get out of Seattle
blazers234::good owners seattle says other wise
tarumpaw::the league was able to stop the chris paul trade. they should be able to trade steve nash too.
blazers234::they dont own the suns
Noonga3775::We are horrible!!  Just plain disgraceful, we need to make some big trades to clear out all these second rate players that we rotate in and out for some decent starters. Its sad that the two oldest cats on the team are the reason we aren't the laughing stock of Pacific...yet.
CHRLZIIIM::*1000th now i'm the idiot
CHRLZIIIM::Nash made his 100th three for the suns and you didn't mention it idiot
CosmoKramer1444::Who could you get in return for Nash?
bamadave92::Suns management please wake up and realize we need some better players.
bamadave92::Well my point has been proved, not enough offensive power.
Chicagocold312::Jared Dudley looks just like his name would indicate.
Chicagocold312::The Suns are more concerned with anti-bullying campaigns than winning, break em down, and rebuild.
Luclongley_MVP::Suns need to trade Nash and start the rebuilding process.
bamadave92::Suns trade Nash and were in trouble.
KentAZ58::More evidence that the Suns are destined for the lottery this year.  Sarver has allowed this team to slide into disarray.   I really like the Thunder--nice young team with the talented and classy Durant headlining.  What I don't like is the fact that Seattle lost the franchise and now they're playing in the middle of nowhere.  Oklahoma City?? Really???
61Jerrod::OKC has one of the strongest and most stable economys in the US and is one of the best basketball atmospheres around according to the ESPN announcers everytime i watch a game.. Its kinda obvious seeing how the team moved here and turned into a finals conteneder in less than 5 years.. have fun playing in the sand in Arizona...
Dented_rim::This schedule is a joke - teams took a third of the games off during a regular season - now they take every other game off. I feel sorry for anyone who wasted their hard earned money on season tickets.  Does McClendon still buy $6 million dollars worth of tickets like he did 2 years ago? I see he made his rate payers pony up to sponsor their arena...what a fleece job he is doing on OKC.
ok_sooner82::Dented_rim: once again u show ignorance with your $6 million dollar comment apperantly you like to make false statements AND you should go back to school first off the chesapeak energy arena only seats about 20,000 and even if all tickets were at $250 dollars it would take 24,000 seats at that price to equal $6 million.Secondly as far as scheduling everyone in the west plays most of the same teams same as in the east so you show how little you know about anything NBA not to mention you sound like a disgruntled Seattle fan
GAMBINO80::dang, okc can win by double digits, up as much as 24, and that was a game they took off? OKC is dangerous....
truesportfanman::C'mon suns, you can do it. Stop being the little engine that couldn't.
Mlaponsky::The Thunder will have another amazing year, but my concern is that I haven't seen them fix any of their problems from last year. Durant, Westbrook, Harden and Ibaka are all improving, no doubt, but they're still very stoppable. Westbrook still seems like he doesn't know how to pass. In fact, no one the team seems to know how to pass. They're gonna cross paths with some guys who are great at contesting shots, and I still don't think the thunder have an answer for a really tough defense that gets up on good shooters.
antistratfordian::Durant is not going to be able to keep up with LeBron in the scoring race this year.  The King is on a mission.
GAMBINO80::glass houses anti, glass houses... James should be worried about NBA titles, not scoring titles... Trust Durant cares more about the NBA title...
truesportfanman::Still calling the choke king. The league is handing lebron over 12 undeserved free throws per game, and that's the only reason he is getting points.
antistratfordian::Whatever helps you sleep at night, nerd.
Mlaponsky::We've said that about Bron before.
antistratfordian::The King was never on a mission to win the scoring title back before.  This is the first time The King has been on that mission.  He wants it all this year... scoring title, MVP, Finals MVP.
TectonicPlatter::My prediction was right. Cool. ;) Happy New Years everybody!
arizonasportsman::Tank baby, tank.
gmf82::"It's the first time in 30 years Oklahoma City's franchise has held three of its first five opponents under 40 percent from the field."  This is total BS, as the franchise has not been in OKC for 30 years.  Quit claiming Seattle records/accomplishments.  The Seattle franchise has nothing to do with the OKC franchise.  Your accomplishments today have NOTHING to do with anything Seattle ever accomplished.
AndySportsB::I bet this guy goes to Indianapolis game boards and complains about them leaving Baltimore.
Dented_rim::Unlike Sacramento who still honor the old Cincinnati Royals - the bush league Thunder fans still don't get PROFESSIONAL sports. Anyone who posts anti Seattle stuff needs therapy to deal with their reality/guilt problems. Go to any National forum, even non sports forums, and you will see OKC does not have any support from the rest of the country for the actions of its owners. McClendon is the worst owner in all of professional sports and is even a worse person in his other business actions - bad owners get run out of town, just ask the Hornets old owner.
ok_sooner82::lol...don't trash OKC because u couldn't support a team when u had them and the last time I looked on those so called national forums most were supporting OKC most of the ones who weren't were either Laker fans miami fans or those from Seattle
Mlaponsky::That's actually blatantly false, since they are the SAME FRANCHISE simply moved to a new city. That's how record keeping works. When it's the same franchise, you keep the tabs going. That's how we do things....
jano2412::Life is so unfair,get a new life for 2012!
Qzhoopin72::This type of game is exactly why OKC management should never listen to idiots like Skip Bayless that want them to dump Westbrook. Durant is a GREAT player, but he has off nights just like anybody else....and when you have another dynamic player (even with his flaws) you can still win games!! Looks like Westbrook played an efficient game on offense and held down Nash on the other end!
steviebizzle::Nash only played 22 minutes.
dadburnitson::Nash is getting up in age and tires out more quickly nowadays and besides he needs to save his legs and energy especially when the game has been pretty much decided.
Boomer199435::And? Lol
TheBlackGreenLantern::This game was a blowout Durant only shot 11 times and they were up 21 at the beginning of the 4th..I wouldn't really call this an off night when the starters only played 26 minutes
andadp77777::westbrook is an immature idiot who is a wanna be pwr forward, he can explode against tiny teams who cant play D like AZ but seriously he's not a good pg
qrexqrex1::Wasn't Westbrook selected to the All-Star Game last year based on his play as a PG?
leehwgoC::Nash is starting to look really old out there.  Like, *really* old.
kjevon::Why did Durant only have 11 shot attempts?
Rolltide4203::westbrook was great tonight also
Rolltide4203::didnt play that much-- they were blowing them out so him and westbrook only played 25 mins or so
utclindsay::James Harden is awesome. Even UA players want to be like him! Wish he would play in Memphis for fellow Sun Devil alum Lionel Hollins.
Qzhoopin72::Harden is one of several good young guards in the NBA from Los Angeles where high school &amp; club ball is VERY competitive. Arron Afflalo, Brandon Jennings, Nick Young, DeMar DeRozan, Russell Westbrook, Darren Collison....just to name the best ones!
sean43738::Yes sir. Harden can play!
OklahomaDrew::UA?
utclindsay::University of Arizona
sean43738::Wow! Durant was held in check tonight. Just 12pts.  I thought dude was the next Mike.
Boomer199435::The only way he was held in check was by Brooks sitting him the majority of the game. When you're leading by around 15 the entire game there's no point in playing your starters.
OklahomaDrew::He only played like 26 min
Forkitout24::OKC said they did not need him. LOL.  OK night.
NBA fan from Tdot::Suns should have amestied Nash
Forkitout24::I'm out. Happy New Year!
Forkitout24::The Suns will Rise.
utclindsay::looking for a Grizz- Thunder matchup in the playoffs!
utclindsay::The Grizzlies are very good team and its because an ASU alum coaches them!
utclindsay::I don't think Pau is playing well right now, but I don't follow the Lakers that closely, so I am not sure
YouBLEWWIt::Hey look, I love Z-Bo, but it would be cool if they could get Pau for Z-Bo and extras.
utclindsay::but they did suck for a while.
Forkitout24::That is so weird to hear these two teams vs the "old school" teams.  Grizzlies have sucked forever.
utclindsay::YouBLEWWit...Memphis will be good. They started slow last year and look what happened. The team has talent. They will be fine.
Forkitout24::and Vancouver sucked forever.
YouBLEWWIt::I thought the Grizz were gonna come out of the gate on fire. Darrell Arthur couldn't have been this much of an impact could he?  I know Grizz don't have any other Bigs besides Marc and Z-Bo, but damn...
utclindsay::and Memphis is basically Vancouver
Forkitout24::and OKC is basically the Sonics.
ItchyButtButt::If the Suns would have scored more that the Spurs, they would have won! FACT!
Forkitout24::and the Ref did not gamble on the two games.
Forkitout24::Education fellow OKC fans. Respect PHX SUNS. We have been one of the most consistant playoff teams in history. Just respect that we make the playoffs. Thats all we ask. Respect it. The years we dont make it usually makes front page news.
Rolltide4203::westbrook was a beast tonight- loved the way he played.. dude is awesome when hes on he cant be stopped
YouBLEWWIt::Damn, is Nash done? Or does he need to get rejuvenated by moving to a new team?
Forkitout24::Damn, we have only played a few games. Give him time.
dadburnitson::Nash is not a rookie!  Besides, he's getting older every day and running out of time.
Forkitout24::His assist ratio will rise with Redd.
Forkitout24::give him time.
YouBLEWWIt::He doesn't start off a season playing like this.
steviebizzle::He only played 22 minutes. And his teammates could not hit a shot. His assist total should have been more.
YouBLEWWIt::But that's apart of the problem. Sarver is cheap and dumb...doesn't surround him with talent.
k_nak::sure would like to see Nash on a team like OKC.  Be a shame to watch him on this Suns team over the next two seasons.
YouBLEWWIt::His contract is up after this year.
peetlepie::He's done
Marinho0452::NBA IS A JOKE.  Why play de 4 period?
Forkitout24::Good game OKC. Harden carried.
Forkitout24::Alton Lister is the head coach at MCC. LOL and Don't forget Bryon.
utclindsay::Harden and Lionel Hollins(2 ASU alums that are doing very well right now). Go Grizzlies and Sun Devils!
utclindsay::I guess I should say 2 ASU alums that are doing well in the NBA!
nash31smallguy::what happened to Durant #26min.
cdrews42::lol 12 points and 5 turnovers
Forkitout24::and no defense.
steviebizzle::They did not need him.
SWEET DOLLA TEEE::wth was that y did okc just give up the ball
basketballdiaries::OKC would have won this game without Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant.
cdrews42::I would hate to see if you were a basketball coach!!!
cdrews42::Dont have to rest durant anyways he only plays on side of the ball!!!!
cdrews42::Ok so is that why Lebron is scoring pretty much better then 30-5-5 a night $@%! resting your starters
cdrews42::wth your not playing someone hard so your not going to play hard ok???? then he wont be on of the best ever then if he plays like that and he deffantly wont win the MVP he wasn't going to win it anyways!!!
youngmac123::exactly, look at the schedule..they barely get any rest as is, rest your starters as much as you can...your paying attention to one game instead of looking at the bigger picture.
youngmac123::it doesn't matter though look who they were playing..durant didn't need to play good
azkat4life::Durant draws the D aways from others.
FirstAndVeryLong::Yet the most conistent and dominating performance in the game was when he and westbrook were on the bench. Hmmm
cdrews42::Because durant only scored 12 points
mewritenow::They basically won it without Durant.
romerito1223::i doubt it
Kevinbell1970::Come on OKC play defense and drive to the basket stop shooting 3s so much
berr3555::he is not on the floor einstein
cdrews42::HAHA
romerito1223::someone was saying durant is an excellent defender
bk swag::11 points to cover the over. go, go, go
tvanwagoner::Why anyone would bet on basketball is one of life's great mysteries. It is only one step removed from the complete gambling degeneracy that is baseball betting.
azkat4life::Hate when teams back off at then end when they're killing. My spread is 11.5 points.
mewritenow::didn't Aldrich and Morris play together at Kansas?
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::Markieff didn't start with Aldrich though, his twin brother Marcus did.
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::That is correct.
azkat4life::OKC what are you doing? Need to cover the spread!
Forkitout24::gamblers anonymous
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::Go Morris
jserritella97::wat happened 2 nash?
cdrews42::Until he wants to go some where thats going to win a ring LMFAO
Forkitout24::We know you want him. You are jealous.
Forkitout24::Nope. Hes a winner. Stays with his team regardless.
Forkitout24::We keep him. Sorry.
cdrews42::The heat could probably afford him too!!!!!!!
romerito1223::Waiting for his buyout to come to miami
Forkitout24::SunsRun
mewritenow::THE ROOKIE
Forkitout24::Call backboard Morris
romerito1223::Theres no doubt durant is a top 5 player... But when ppl say he is the best.... I dont see how they can say he is better than Lebron or even Wade when he plays no defense.
cdrews42::I do have to agree he plays garbage defense and shoots to many threes i like players that drive to the rim and make the defense foul!!!!
romerito1223::Go top 12
Forkitout24::Lebron, Wade, Durrant, Howard, Kobe, Gasol,  Dirk, Amare, Carmelo, Westbrook, Griffin, and ?
romerito1223::True
OneBluover::He doesnt play D, thats the only knock I have on him. But you need to be a two way player to be consider top 5 imo
romerito1223::I saw him beat the mavs the other night and he plays sorry/garbage defense!
romerito1223::amazingly Kobe has dropped out of the top 5
slugger457::That's four!!
Forkitout24::I assumed you can do some algebra. I can go top 12 if you like.
orangeforever11::he plays lots of defense. You must not watch games.
Forkitout24::Top 3. Lebron, Wade, Durrant,Howard, Good call.
Forkitout24::Harden assist. Ouch.
steviebizzle::Awesome
Forkitout24::Are those juggs?
Forkitout24::Major pubes on Harden's face! He had a baby face at ASU.
Mike64b::fear the beard
azkat4life::That's what happens to asu students.
Forkitout24::arty arrr arrr!!
