Streak4MoreCash:::(
I turned a heat fan into a laker fan in 5 secs::lol
Tony91367::LOL @ haters and little insecure kids following every move Lakers make..
EDDYJAU::Lakers are such a joke. 4 Hall of Famers and can't make it pass .500 no matter how hard they try.
vman606::if they are such a joke, why even waste your time coming here?
--L.A LAKERS DODGERS--::They r scared.lol
Emil4617::suppose laker fans are talking how good they are and how they are going to make the playoffs and be major contenders after this one win.........
oldsurfdawg::Notice how ALL Laker conversations are 5000+.....too bad the meter doesn't go to 10-15k.
EDDYJAU::Hating on the Lakers = Americas favorite pastime
EDDYJAU::Because the Lakers Suck so much!
Tony91367::NO because idiots like you spend all their free time following the Lakers like little girls
johnbrown12962::Amazing how this team wouldn't make the playoffs today if the season ended and yet this is all ESPN talks about.Kobe is passing the ball to his teammates more!Everything is just great now!Wow!
Mambaholic 33::The sky is falling...
AGV345::kobe passing the ball shocked everyone lol
Miami Heat are beast::miami may not have the big 3 next season cause they are tight on money so hope fully we can win one more championship this year
Spamming Sammy 2.4::Heres how the Lakers roster will turn out.. 1) Keep Howard, and make a run at the title...but Howard walks season end  or 2) Trade Howard, get some draft picks and young talent.....but weaken your chances of a championship...  Pau Trade is very difficult because most teams dont want to give up alot for Pau...and pau is expensive too..
CHEIII::They don't want to give up a lot for Pau because they have a lot of leverage.  And the Lakers (with the exception of the Odom deal) rarely give away value.    Another reason - is that Pau is 32.  He'll be declining very soon - and you're basically trading for a big contract player who only has 2-3 quality years left.
MinniWolves90::Wolves were supposedly offering Pek and DWill in the summer. Probably the best deal they could've gotten.
MinniWolves90::casper8g - kevin love aint staying minnesota..your $@%!$@ organization wont even sign the guy to a deserving max contract...hes coming to LA the quicker you realize that the sooner we dont have to hear your pathetic excuses anymore -- You know he's locked up until 2015, at least.  He's not going anywhere anytime soon, buddy.  Keep dreaming, though.
Spamming Sammy 2.4::hahaha true dat...Both LA teams cant sign him...Clips have blake and Lakers have D12 and Pau...and besides Love doesnt want to go to LA...but nice try thou...LMAO
MinniWolves90::lakurz rock - When a guy named "Alexey Shved" is making your defense look 2nd rate, you know you have Mike D'Antoni as head coach -- Shved was scoring all over the entire world during the Olympics. For real, look at his stats. He's going to be a damn good player in this league.
JBHunt76::Schved is an amazing shooter.  and is not easily phased out.  He had great Olympics indeed. And his form of shooting and shooting under pressure is well schooled.
xmanfolife::Gasol is a better center at this stage of his career.....plenty of teams n need of his height.
Miami Heat are beast::to bad miami cant take him we dont have enough money for him hell we may not have enough money to keep the big 3 together next season
The0087Club::Laker fans, honestly, do you keep Gasol, knowing you probably miss Howard for a game here and there for the rest of the season given his injury
Demoted::I mean, logically you'd keep him for that reason...  but thats the only reason....  Id trade him &amp; begin moving forward...  (it does kinda exacerbate things that Jordan Hill got injured)
KrayzieBone007::The Only Gasol Headline i'm interested in is the one where the Lakers have TRADED Gasol away!  He played half way OK this game although his defense was still GARBAGE now next game Gasol will stink up the place!
Miami Heat are beast::its the laker they find there way around and i dont really know who would take him
Miami Heat are beast::what pipe dream it could happen you should look foward to this off season
lakurz rock::Demoted - Pau for Bargnani &amp; a filler, or Pau for Josh Smith  I can't see the Lakers getting Josh Smith.  Those trade rumors have died. Smith seems happy in Atlanta again and they seem happy to have him.
Demoted::Pau for Bargnani &amp; a filler, or Pau for Josh Smith
lakurz rock::Who is going to want Gasol and his $20 million contract?  He has played like someone who should be happy to get the Veterans' minimum...
Miami Heat are beast::who knows what they will do with gasol they may hit big in the off season by getting lebron
lakurz rock::You ever heard of a pipe dream?
lakurz rock::Funny how there are so many perceived causes of the Laker problems:  1) D'Antoni (can't coach) 2) Gasol (too soft/slow) 3) Howard (cancer, FT shooting, lack of post moves) 4) Nash (no defense, too old) 5) Kobe (ball hog, poor shooter, turnovers) 6) MWP (no longer defensive beast, shoots/misses too many 3s)  Earl Clarke is the only player I have NOT seen mentioned as a source of the Laker difficulties this season.
lakurz rock::Gasol played a great game, but I wonder how things would have been different had Kevin Love been healthy and playing.  It will be interesting to see how Gasol plays against another quality big.  Greg Monroe might give Gasol some trouble.
KrayzieBone007::Kevin Love would of LITERALLY set Gasol on FIRE!  Kevin Love is a dam good player while Gasol is well Softer than Baby Poop!
OptimusPrime200.0::Howard has been bringing this team down... no wonder they won yesterday without him
lakurz rock::no, they won because they jumped out to a 29 point lead against a sub .500 team which is missing its best player (of course, they also nearly allowed that same injury-depleted sub .500 team to get back in the game).
bwp.bruce::Kobe is not too good to ride the bench this season. He's a shell of himself.
lakurz rock::I don't think the bench is big enough to accommodate his ego.
lakurz rock::When a guy named "Alexey Shved" is making your defense look 2nd rate, you know you have Mike D'Antoni as head coach
Marvo6564::heat cant beat indiana 0-3 lets be honest they let miami off the hook last year.....granger hasnt even played all season either pacers will eliminate miami BOOK IT
Miami Heat are beast::yeah your right miami will be eliminated in the play offs this year.  Man i thought they would not be eliminated thanks for the update bro.
Miami Heat are beast::howard will leave if they dont at least get to the play offs or win a championship then again he might stay cause lakers rebuild qickly in to a contender
Marvo6564::"i own lebron" -paul george
LakersAtSonics1995::"completely unrelated comment"  --you
Miami Heat are beast::lakers are not looking like the team i thought they would be
Miami Heat are beast::lakers are running out of time if they want to win a championship soon they got to turn things around they are not getting any younger just stating the obvious
Demoted::Hopefully Lakers make the 8th seed &amp; win it all....  Just so they can play "Started from the Bottom" @ the parade this year
lakurz rock::the rumor is that's where kobe started and stayed in that colorado hotel room, much to the protests of that defenseless white girl
LakersAtSonics1995::Idiot.  That is all.
iamparadise::Pau Gasol in, Dwight Howard out and they win... Hmm.. I wonder what the problem could be with the Lakers?
MinniWolves90::Don't get ahead of yourself. Lakers are now just 1-3 without Howard.
oblique15::hmmm, playing the T wolfs, wonder why they won
Demoted::They havent won with Howard?
NYKWitness::Lakers win by 11 and Kobe's +/- is -3.  That's weird.
lakurz rock::when you shoot 4-13 and have 4 turnovers you are not helping the team that much, even if you have some assists and boards
NYKWitness::+148
bwp.bruce::His combined +/- for the season is probably -100
bwp.bruce::Kobe needs to come off the bench for once in his life.
LakersAtSonics1995::Why?
bwp.bruce::Because he's most responsible for the Lakers sorry record. His arrogance, unclutchness, horrific shot selection, indecision, etc. deserves a spot on the bench.
oblique15::gtfo dont like the Lakers, but man lol Kobe to good for that
vman606::bwp.bruce - Kobe is not too good to ride the bench this season. He's a shell of himself.  keep typing it. who knows? someday even you might believe it.
bwp.bruce::Kobe is not too good to ride the bench this season. He's a shell of himself.
SportsFan4147::Antawn Jamison without a doubt should be a starter in the NBA!
lonewolf1234512345::I'd rather he shoot threes than MWP's 2 for 9 daily effort
SportsFan4147::Antawn is a natural 3 and Gasol is a 4, kinda like apples and oranges, but his skill set demands he be a starter in the NBA not coming off the bench!
mike etheridge::Years ago antawn &amp; kobe went for 50+ each head up, Warriors vs Lakers great game they were trading shots &amp; dunks it was crazy, GS won the game...that sucked lol  in his prime jamison was unguardable, too quick for a big, too tall for a non center
Dr Jerry Buss::GTFO. Not over Gasol. Not even over Clark. He's a great sixth man, but don't blow your load over a few games
LakersAtSonics1995::Well.... he started last season.
MinniWolves90::He said he could start in the NBA, not necessarily the Lakers. And I agree with that, he's a good a quality player.
mike etheridge::i agree just not with the Lakers he doesnt play D earl clark is a better fit in my opinion
MinniWolves90::He's always been under-rated, in my opinion. I recall a few Lakers fans calling for his trade before this game.
LakersAtSonics1995::Well, he plays literally NO defense.  But that's just something to work around I guess
Zenitgoes::Many forget that the Lakers were fortunate enough to get the D'Antoni brothers when Jim Buss hired Mike! Mike D'Antoni's brother, Dan - assistant coach - has been working overtime (smh). Perhaps Mike D'Antoni has not looked up ‘nepotism’ in the dictionary. The D'Antoni brothers can't coach this team! DONE.  It seems that most of the Lakers players have already checked out for the season.  Metta is too busy working on his new 'prank show'.
Zenitgoes::This season seems to be a waste of talent - and money. Hopefully the Lakers make the playoffs. D'Antoni's still need to go!
mike etheridge::Cant really back D'Antoni yet though the team struggled trying to run his system the Jury is still out on him glad hes letting them do what we do best Halfcourt slow tempo beat teams down low with the Bigs &amp; kobe posting up
Zenitgoes::A legitimate assistant coach does not let a player like Earl Clark get ignored! Coach Karl did the Lakers a huge favor in noticing talent.
mike etheridge::agree with that 100% Easy E is a player in this league
mike etheridge::Lakers haven't checked out they've checked in the team meeting is working
Zenitgoes::4 of 5 is impressive? How does that nullify my argument? What were the D'Antoni's doing before this impressive winning streak?
Zenitgoes::One road win in more than a month is not impressive.
casper8g::yo zenitoges did the lakers check out when they beat the thunder?  Kobe playing like a triple digit machine ya your right hes checked out???   What a $@%!$@% go bandwagon for the clippers or the heat this is for true lakers fans homie
MinniWolves90::Just saying them winning 4 of 5 nullifies your entire argument. They obviously haven't checked out and given up.
MinniWolves90::Have you forgotten they've won 4 of 5?
mike etheridge::in an interview after a game last week Pau was asked how D'Antoni's system was working better.....his reply? were not running his system were doing our own thing lmao Kobe is running the show now,changed his style of play, big up's kb24
scottpilgrim33::My nephew gave his basketball to kobe and asked for an autograph.. he never got the ball back :(
KnickCityBro::that joke is old
MasterOfLogic::lol, that one guy below crying that Kobe didn't deserve his points because of all the FT's he got......  I think he fails to know that Durant gets that many every night.
buckydidyourmom2011::most poorly officiated game i've seen in a while.  every opportunity the refs got to change the game and momentum in favor of the lakers, they took it.  the league can't have the lake show out of the playoffs
casper8g::ya your right thats why the lakers are below 500 hundred right...you guys are $@%!$@% idiots i cannot believe this !$@% actually is able to be posted
scottpilgrim33::Once the game got within 4 pts in the 4th quarter, Stern pulled the trigger on operation help the lakers
MinniWolves90::Wolves had plenty of opportunities. We had a chance to win that game. Got out of the huge deficit, just couldn't get over the hump.  That being said, I watch every single Wolves game, and we can never get a foul call in the final 5 minutes of a close game.
MinniWolves90::You're as delusional as it gets.
casper8g::dude this game shouldnt even have been as close as it was....give me a break just be lucky it was game national televise game....without love there nothing..and soon hill be wearing purple and gold so get ready homie
MinniWolves90::Kev_010 - Most of their bench and their lineup is white they can't handle the athleticism -- Idiotic. Budinger is one of the most athletic players in the game. We are struggling because we're missing half the roster.
casper8g::love not committed to the team cause there not committed to the team...By far the biggest slap in the face..guy by far one of the best power forwards and your paying him peanuts for his contract..hes coming to LA get ready
Guy Dille::I can make unfounded speculations too
KCMac929::The only reason we didnt go after Mayo was Kahn new Roy from Portland.  I like Roy, great guy, but it looks like a waste.  Mayo will be free again and I hope we get him.    As for Love, I really question his dedication to the team.  He puts up stats but wont play defense.   And he's out for being a moron.  This team needs a healthy rubio.
mike etheridge::K Love healthy no reason they wont win, Rubio healthy you can move ridnour for some depth &amp; still have shved as backup move barrea too for a big
casper8g::kevin love aint staying minnesota..your $@%!$@ organization wont even sign the guy to a deserving max contract...hes coming to LA the quicker you realize that the sooner we dont have to hear your pathetic excuses anymore
MinniWolves90::We should've went after OJ Mayo. But I'm hoping we can pick up someone who can immediately contribute in the Draft. We have 2 first-round picks this year.
MinniWolves90::Yep, if we can add another shooter like Budinger, and another backup big, that'd be perfect.
mike etheridge::next year you guys will be a team to be reckoned with if healthy
MinniWolves90::I think we can be a 4-6 seed if totally healthy. But I'm almost convinced we are cursed lol.
mike etheridge::plus k love is as skilled as they come for a Big  hope hes back soon wolves are ok with him in there
MinniWolves90::It's a shame. We were 18-13 last year with Ruibio and Love starting. Just a teaser of what could be.
scottpilgrim33::Gandalf "You shall not pass"  Kobe "Not a problem"
casper8g::umm i guess you havent been seeing how many assist kobe been getting in his last six games?
mike etheridge::last year that was a good one lol
scottpilgrim33::Man if you take away all the bullcrap free throws kobe got last night and he only have 9 pts last night. Way to go Refs. just had to protect kobe
mike etheridge::a foul is a foul i agree the wolves did a nice job of playing 48 minutes No quit even down big props for that
MinniWolves90::Yeah one thing about the Wolves. Do NOT quit watching if we're 25 up or 25 down. Very fun (and oftentimes depressing) team to root for.
mike etheridge::didnt say he doesnt get calls said hes not Protected like pilgrim is stating &amp; he doesnt get to the line as much as he should because he overreacts &amp; some refs dont like him
MinniWolves90::I can agree with that. I just think its unfair that Shved doesn't get the same calls. But it's always been like that, you gotta earn it I guess.
mike etheridge::disagree bro there have been games where he takes 20-30 shots without a single call your thinking Lebron
MinniWolves90::Nope. You're biased as hell. LeBron gets calls, Melo gets calls. So does Kobe.
mike etheridge::lmao u dont see too many Laker games huh? Refs hate kobe he constantly rides them for not calling fouls Leads the league in Tech's lol get a clue &amp; stop spouting hater one liners
MinniWolves90::Sh*t!!! Kobe gets as many or more calls than anyone.
Jeremy Lin Superstar::4 for 13 for Kobe  Pretty good night if you ask me.  :)
dro1964::The Phoenix Nuns are the best 16 win team in the NBA  Mike Dumtonio
oldsurfdawg::Lakers because of their history and success are the most loved and hated team.  By far the most popular team on the planet.
JLEllis88::its actually Manchester United FC
oldsurfdawg::For idiots/haters like you I should have said NBA.  Then again we're not on a MLB conversation.
LAL has become LOL::Yankees.
BSnumber1::Cowboys you idiot. Football is more popular than baseball
LAL has become LOL::Clippers &gt; Goldenstate &gt; A Squad of thugs in downtown L.A &gt; Lakers  Thoughts?
oldsurfdawg::Without CP3....Clips are a lottery team.  As always.
LAL has become LOL::Wow, too bad for for the Fakers he'll be back in time to beat them down.
legacyreaper33::I think you're begging for likes.
scottpilgrim33::Laker fans after win: "O YEA we goin to the playoffs, no one wants to be in our way because were almighty greatness"  Laker fans after loss: "But but we are injured and the refs weren't being fair, and nobody ever wants to help kobe out because it's never his fault we lose..... but hey 5 rings 81 pts and lakers have 16 titles yippie skippy"
oldsurfdawg::Lakers are 3.5 out of 8th spot with 35 to play. 3 in the loss column.  Nobody knows that they won't get in.  It's not like Houston, Portland and Dallas are on fire....
legacyreaper33::Lakers will make it as a #5 or #6. Nobody will want to play them in the playoffs.
jcmaggi::and Houston has played one more game than the Lakers, meaning the Lakers are potentially just 3 games out of 8th (or 4 games if they lose)
jcmaggi::I understand that the Lakers' struggles this season have been an absolute boon for the haters. However, as a Lakers fan, there would be nothing sweeter than to see the Lakers get this season together and win the title just so I can see every single one of the haters go: "F*CK!!!!!!!!"
LARRY57917::They   will   still   find   a   reason   to   hate.   But   who   cares.   Fu k    the   haters.
mike etheridge::let them sleep jc lol they can see were getting better &amp; that makes them more desperate lmao i keep seeing not gonna make playoffs,give up its over lol June is when champs are made. We will have a say....as usual
legacyreaper33::I know right. I just love it when haters blame the refs for all the championships the Lakers won.  I'll be more worried when all the hate stops.
scottpilgrim33::too bad that's not going to happen  NEXT
jcmaggi::heard the same thing in 2009 and 2010.
Kev_010::Lakers will be back if they get two more championships to pass Boston but until then Boston still on the top.
sean8567::Lakers are back because they beat the Timberwolves!
legacyreaper33::When Laker haters proclaim the Lakers won't make the playoffs, they really mean "GOD please, don't let the Lakers make it in the playoffs???"
LARRY57917::So   true.
mike etheridge::then go jump on there board &amp; let them know lol
youknow808::hell im more worried to goldenstate then to lakers
youknow808::lol they can make the playoffs all they want im  worried bout okc not lakers
mike etheridge::if your not worried about the lakers why are you posting on our board?oh here it is....Im a hater &amp; love seeing them Losing for a change.. whack
LAL has become LOL::Yeah, a gooooood Postseason without the Fakers is what's best for the world.
legacyreaper33::LOL!! For the world???
sean8567::Lakers are back baby! Laker haters PISSS OFF!
sean8567::bc their going to win 20 in a row
youknow808::explain to me how there back?
youknow808::iaint a lakers hater im telling u the truth
youknow808::laker fans just give up on the season its over
LAL has become LOL::The Lakers are a joke, their defense is still bad too. Barely getting by Below .500 teams.
oldsurfdawg::Your grammar sucks !!  Hater.
oldsurfdawg::Yeah...they were awful against OKC and Utah.
youknow808::yah and there awful this ho season wining record in the playoffs&gt; uuhhh nope
youknow808::yah lakers are a joke trying to be like miami but failed
Major Factuh::well to be fair, they are a sub .500 team themselves...
Major Factuh::doesn't sub mean "below?"
LAL has become LOL::"Sub .500" means 2,3,4,5 games OVER .500 Not 5 below.
sean8567::The Lakers are back baby!
Kev_010::damn wolves suck. They need more black players and thats the TRUTH.
lonewolf1234512345::the Spurs have always been an international team and always one of the best. So much for your theory
Guy Dille::The world needs more racists like you. Oh wait.
Kev_010::Most of their bench and their lineup is white they can't handle the athleticism
LAL has become LOL::Eh, Kevin Love being out didn't help either.
