peter::My vote is Monte Williams for life. I've followed Coach since his arrival here in New Orleans. I like the cut of his jib. I think he manages his responsibilities well.  He spearheads the 'new breed' of NBA coaches. I think, in time, he might lead the Pelicans to a championship. Anthony Davis is the best cornerstone player I have seen in years- all team, defense, remarkable talent. He is on a brand new team, with injuries.  There is no better coach than Monte Williams. We are all learning, and he will get better. That's my vote. Thank you for your time.
yopla::I didn't watch this game, but looking at the scoreboard and the stats of the players, I read Harden's Ast=7 and read that the Rox struggled in that game, and I immediately understand that Harden led the ball, played his usual iso/ballhog style which again and again almost cost the game. The sad part, is that he appears like the guy who saved the team when he in reality he was the one poisoning the team with his play style. After I read the comments below, I see my assumptions confirmed.
CM::Glad we pulled out the win... didn't get a chance to see the game, but from the box score (min played) our starters are gonna be gassed before we get anywhere near the playoffs... Coach has got to have a better rotation going (we have a few injuries, but who doesn't..) Another good outing for T.Jones and Parsons, Gordon with 35 (Harden was obviously checking him) to be elite, you have to dominate BOTH ends of the floor... it's just a matter of effort... either way I'll take it... ROX 4 LIFE!!!
Ron L::Rockets won this game, but they had to sweat it out to do it.  This is just not an elite team yet if they had to win it in the last seconds of the game playing against a weak team like the Pelicans.  They really painted themselves in a corner in the first quarter basically due to Harden's terrible defensive play against Eric Gordon.  Luckily, he redeem himself by again getting to the FT line for 10 points plus his 7-14 shooting (which is not a bad shooting percentage for him) helped to pull out the win.    The only 2 weaknesses I see in this team is Harden's defense and Howard's FT shooting.  If only Harden puts an effort to improve on his defensive skills, and Howard his FT shooting, this team can be right up there with the elite teams, the Heat, Pacers and Spurs and challenge for the championship..
TheBigB0ss::Good game for the rockets tonight, but the fact it was close was unnecessary had Mchale been more prepared for eric gordon and if he allowed Lin to run the offense more often.  1) eric gordon simply embarrassed james harden on both ends of the floor tonight (Scoring 22 of his 35 points in the 1st half).  I posted in the beginning of the game that houston;s success tonight will depend on whoever is guarding eric gordon tonight.  16 PPG player shooting for 35 is nothing new when it comes to players who are guarded by harden.  Fortunately for Houston, Mchale made the switch in the 2nd half putting parsons on Gordon. but if a lin fan like me can see that in the beginning of the game, why couldnt mchale see it before the game?  2) Lin was marginalized again on the play calling side of things tonight.  Harden continued to control the offense and for most of the game, played pretty bad when he was doing his ISO plays.  It wasnt until Lin was allowd to start dribbling and creating plays that harden started to have higher % looks.  The final 2 possessions where harden scored (2 FTs and a step back jumper) were both initiated by Lin.  Anyway....as I said before...with Lin back at full strength and in the starting lineup where he belongs...rockets will be contenders.  now its up to mchale to properly prepare his team each game and make better coaching decisions.  btw...another great defensive performance tonight by lin. who guarded by Brian Robers and Austin Rivers shooting a combined 6-19 against Lin (31% FG)  There will be a time later in the season when Lin will probably be considered part of the all-defensive team.
The Sports Authority::Big credit to Rockets starters for digging out a win. I knew from the first possession when Howard didn't even look like he tried that it was going to be a long night.   They showed mental toughness coming back to take a lead on the road and showed their talent by hanging on for the win. Across the board kudos...players made plays. Credit to DMo for finding his groove cuz he stepped on the court looking a step slow too.   I'm still not a fan of the Rockets standard offensive set but the bottom line is McHale is a lot of talent. Any coach in the world would make the NBA playoffs with the group he has. That's just being real.   IF Houston figures it out and learns how to play with each other and to each others strengths and talent...The Rockets have all the pieces. Given the process of collection and where each player is in their careers, however, it's not likely they will win a ring this year or next. That's just realizing the historical nature and what wins in the NBA. It doesn't happen this way and not right away and not with this level of players. That's 3 major historical factors to overcome...let alone the numerous formidable teams and talent in the West.
TheBigB0ss::As expected (I posted in the start of the game)....New Orleans exploited the lopsided match up between Harden's defense and Eric Gordon's offense.  A huge reason why New Orleans is leading.  Anthony davis is unstoppable as usual, so thats expected but eric gordon with 22 points in the 1st half?  No surprise there...tell me why it caught mchale off guard? (No preparation for this).  Houston's offense looked horrible because Mchale again, wants his PG to pass first before allowing lin to let the play develop with his dribbling.  What i dont understand is, he is allowing harden to do these plays where he continues to turn the ball over, throw passes to shooters with like 2 seconds left and forcing a couple of shots.  IF houston is to pull this one off, they need to do something about eric gordon and allow Lin to create plays off the dribble.
David::If Houston can close to within 5 by halftime, that would be a moral victory. Houston would be very much in the game then.
Ernie::Pelicans defense breaks down later in the 4th qtr. Credit goes to Jeremy for facilitating and attracting the defense
CTL::Whenever Lin took the floor control, the team got some impulse for dynamic runs. Whenever Harden controlled the balls the balls get stuck in his possession until 2 seconds left. The number of Harden's assist is an indicator of how much he controlled the floor. Sadly is that his high number of assist does not always suggest a good chance of winning.
