Faz::This to to the Carmelo-Haters. First off, Carmelo may not be the answer, but he doesn't have to be. The problem is the rest of the team! Carmelo may be a bit of a ball hogger and takes a lot of shots, but he's 25 points a game and pulling down just under 10 rebounds a game. Nobody wants to complain about how many shots Kobe Bryant takes a game? Here is what is killing my Knicks. It's the same old story, they don't play defense, they're too much of a jump-shooting team. There is no inside game what so ever. And what kills them is that they don't rebound and don't get to the foul line. Look at the stats each game. They always get out rebounded and the other team usually gets twice as many free throws attempts a game as the knicks. Who wouldn't want a 7 footer on there team. That ball should be going into the paint with Chandler and Stoudamire. Those 2 should be having a field day at the free throw line and getting opponents into foul trouble. Not everybody hanging out at the 3 point line.
Jersey Boy::Another Holiday Classic at the sold out MSG. Another Holiday train wreck compliments of the talentless NY Chump Chucker's. How much more money do the season ticket holders keep spending & receive such a classic return on there investment. How stupid can rich people be to keep getting ripped off by Dolan his clown operation. Strip these this team down to the bear walls, hire basketball executives and put the team back together again. There are only two players worth keeping. Shumpert &  Hardaway Jr.
AMSBullsFan::These guys (Melo, Mart, JR) couldn't win it in Denver with significantly better teammates.  Why would anyone think they could win it in NY? Not to mention Melo left Denver to run away from their problems but 1) he was part of the problem in Denver and 2) two key Denver players wound up on this Knicks team with him... So all Melo did was bring the Nuggets issues to NY... He'll leave in the off season again and the same thing will happen on his new team. I just hope he doesn't wind up on the Bulls....
Lightning Strikes::Hey IB, guess what? Its not the New York Knicks that stink STUPID, and yeah, I said STUPID... Its the owner, Dolan is the problem and always has been. He needs to either sell the team to people who know what there doing, or make some descent trades that would allow this offense to get off the ground. Then IDIOTS like you, who think they know whats going on could shut up. See, puppies like you are a dime a dozen, and that is all you are. Someday when you think you know whats going on, we might listen to your nonsense, but until then, ZIP. You been filed.
IBTHEWHITEKNIGHT::NYK fans crack me up. Their over-hyped team is 10 games under .500, yet so many of them expected (not optimistically hopeful for) a win against one of the league's elite & hottest teams. Then, unsurprisingly, they start balling after their beloved Knicks get spanked in the Garden. The zebras & ME-lo's absence didn't cause this blowout; they just stink, plain & simple, so Knick fans start calling for the complete dismantling of a team that was last year's EC 3 seed. Reality check: On the bright side, your Knicks are only 3 games out in their pathetically weak division, so they can still get into the playoffs, as a 4 seed playing the lowly 5th place Hornets or Bullets in the 1st round, nonetheless. Kenyon, Melo, Tyson, Hardaway, Amar'e, MWP, & JR is still a very formidable roster. Believe it or not, this team, as sorry as they started, could still easily make it into the EC semi's!
Nate::So I'm not entirely sure how the +/- stat works but every Thunder player was positive and every Knick player was negative. One would guess that's pretty bad for the Knicks.
Tony::Kendrick The Grinch Perkins gets a technical. He reminds me of a guy who accidentally poured salt on his wheaties, then slammed his thumb in the car door headed to practice, got nailed by photo radar, got to his locker and realized he left his locker key at home, drove home and got nailed AGAIN by the same photo radar, ran over a black cat, etc. The guy's face would break if he smiled.
Ryan::Triple Double for Westbrook after 3 quarters. That is impressive. I am very impressed with how this kid has bounced back from his injury. He is a monster!
Belicheat::I expect a blowout, I would shock if the knicks won or lose by 5-10 points.  Because I expect a 20-30 point blowout.  Nobody can guard Durant, Shumpert will have to guard Westbrook.  The way Melo sprain his ankle, he will not shoot the ball well.  He is going to have a bad game.  JR Smith---  I have no idea which one will show up.  The Low IQ smith or the Sixth Man Smith because the low IQ smith have been showing his face alot this season.  Shumpert will provide no offense.  Bargnani has to step up.  Amare is useless.
Truth Be Told::36% shooting, no defense, no leadership, low assist total, tons of 4th quarter bricks. I would say JR Smith filled the role of Carmelo Anthony very nicely today.
