msnyc08::Back to the ol' boring offensive play we saw before, Carmelo will average 25+ and we'll lose most of our games. Not trying to hate on him since he's definitley tried but clearly this will not be the exciting hit the open man fast-paced ball that was so much fun to watch.  This stretch, barring a miracle, will be the end of the Knicks season; at Indiana who is looking for revenge and facing a depleted team, at Orlando ditto, back to backs with Chicago.  Easily an 0-5 trip and at best 2-3.  Meanwhile Milwaukee has a 5 game home-stand. 4-1 in that time puts them 1/2 game - 2 1/2 games ahead.
bchalcyon89::Lin is out, so Knicks forum will lose about 3,000 comments.
KIYAman::u right, when they announce Lin being out for 6 weeks during the Cavs game, I quickly change the channel to the NCAA Final Four
Losmonsta::gettin IN and OUT of the 1st rnd will be a struggle. Shame chemistry came so late. Schumperts weak-$@% handle is gonna be hard to watch WHEN IT MATTERS. love his intensity. but question his shot selection alot.
Eatin Turnips::Really doesn't matter what the Knicks do - the East is gonna get killed by the West in the end.  The "top" team in the East just got trounced by another West team.  And the Knicks aren't anywhere near as good as the Bulls.
KIYAman::I havnt seen a western conference team with a deeper depth-bench than Miami or Bulls.....a healthy Lin-Sanity &amp; Jefferies in our 10 man rotation wouldve lead to the Knicks -vs- Magic in the firstround....Knicks in 6   It doesnt matter now if Melo &amp; Chandler sat out the rest of the season.....to let the rest of the roster finish the season to find all the keepers for next season
stone419::i'll worry about the West if the knicks happen to make the finals
chefcoolness11::i dont want to see non blacks playing nba basketball.  this is the black man sport.
KIYAman::chefcoolness11......do u know whats worst than a whiteman in a blackface?  U.....a wanna be Black moron
x2machinex2::and you're a moron
Oldjoker1111::J Lin is on his way to Germany today for treatment....
Yossarian Lives::He might want to see what happens when it wears off.  How ya doing there, Kobe?
woodyattjon::Jeporady Time-----The answer is Rollercoster....What is the Knicks season,Alex.
RICHIEBABY617::ppl need to remember that this is not the same mda led knicks.... we will miss lin his scoring and the depth he adds at the pg postiton, but if we still base our team on defensive intensity than we can be successful. its good j hareelson is gettin his legs back whie jefferies is out we are gonna  need him........
Ajax3million::The cavs are an embarassment to professsionals everywhere. The NBA really needs to start cutting teams.
drawitall::Got to love this Knick basketball team!! With all the injuries all the knicks do is win. The heart of a lion they will probalby exit in the first round of playoffs!
RICHIEBABY617::i agree nobody is giving them credit for the grit they have been showing.. they lost seven str8, the coach quit , stat hurt his back lin hurts his knee j jeffires hurt his knee melo hurts his groin they could have easily packed it in b but they didnt ...... they ae playing team ball with whoever is out there ,....GIve them all credit.. the only one who needs to step it up big time is l fields he looks lost more often than not
maverick0426::Prediction for the next 30 days: Knicks win only 30% of their games (like they did before Lin started playing), ratings, attendance, and ticket prices plummet by more than half (to where they were before), and fans get tuned off again to selfish, no-passing, no-movement, lazy thug NBA basketball.
nycpratl::knicks have been a team in disarray all year.  Lin actually made them better for a spell but he is a rookie and he's only played 26 NBA games.  needs time and experience to develop but unquestionably he's added value.  knicks will miss him.
alin004::A lot of Jeremy Lin haters are black racists like Floyd Mayweather and Stephen A Smith. Jeremy Lin is a top 10 NBA starting point guard based on the stats, he is NOT a D-League player. Lin never belonged in the D-league, he was way better but overlooked his entire life due to prejudice and discrimination on the basketball court. Jackie Robinson faced bigotry from racist white people before but now Jeremy Lin faces racism from a lot of blacks in basketball.
KIYAman::alin044.....how can u mention something so ignorant as "Jeremy Lin haters are black racists" , u must dont live in the 5 boros of NY, because Lin-Sanity got more Black-Fans then Asian-fans in NY....and the strong-Island Black-fans only talk about Lin-Sanity even when the discussion is on "Tebo".  IF u hate Black People then say that.....then get on the back of the line.....its a long 500 year ole line....one more HATER aint hurtin nuttin
dontplayah8::Jeremy Lin is so far from being a top 10 pg it's not even funny. Try top 50. And that's pushing it.
eightbitme::Racist suck!!!  That's all I have to say about that.  :-)
Jerkshoppe::I agree and he is prly number 10 on that top 10 pg list.
mspearlmay::Now the Knicks can get back to real basketball as opposed to that fake Lin thing.  Lin does not have NBA skillls or a body for the real NBA game.
drawitall::nobody and I mean nobody scores 38 points against the Lakers in the NBA can  be called a guy with no skills ???
mizer35752::and what body of work are you looking at? the knicks are 16-10 in games he's played in, including that horrid six game losing streak when the team got all their studs back. lin's numbers for the season are over 14 pts, 6 assists, 2 steals a game. sorry, but that's solid.
Who Runs the Wildcat in 2012::He does suck...but he sucks just enough to be good enough for NY
fdavidson1106::You realize Lin is considered a big nba point guard.  Any person who dropped 38 in an nba game has nba skills consider Derrick Williams career high was 41 until this year.
wilhenderso::LOL the idiots are all out today. How many PGs with no skill can avg 15 and 7 a game?
heyjacleu::What a bunch of bull. Let's just take away that 38 point game and look at his stats when he was the first option for over a weeks worth of games. How many D-league guys average over 25+ a game, dish out 8 dimes, and shoot over 50%? That's what I thought.
Who Runs the Wildcat in 2012::one game does not define what you are...positive or negative... consistence determines what you... look at the body of work and msperlmay is closer to correct than you are
mizer35752::says you.
woodylamb::Basketball 101 - You cannot win games consistently without a good point guard. Knicks are very shaky without LIn.
Lin_Diesel_17::Knicks will be fine... I rather have Shump build more confidence in scoring now. Amare will be back before playoffs and we will have our full cast except Lin. Im sorry but Lin is a big time turnover machine. Just rotate Davis with Toney Douglas or Shumpert and we will be fine. Defense is the key. Thats what matters.
dzucca00::OK CITY put up 90 ORLANDO put up 93 MIAMI put of 92 LAKERS put up 97 BOSTON put up 87, 93, &amp; 86 DALLAS put up 88 INDIANA put up 87 CLIPPERS put up 92  Dont be a $@%!$@ just because you can.
dzucca00::Oh, and NY already put up 120 on them on Feb 29th. To Eatin Turnips reasoning, does that make it okay to get excited?
SheaBoy98::I agree. But we will be going up against the Bulls one of the best defensive teams. I'm not hating but I am just putting that out there.
Lin_Diesel_17::People talk so much crap. They love to hate. They have so much passion. Their lives must be miserable.  Jeremy Lin isnt going matter as much as playing defense. If everyone on the knicks plays great defense when Amare and Jeffries gets back we can win a series. People keep up with their "Wishful thinking" crap.. Last year no one thought Heat was going to lose and they got beat by Dallas cause they improved their defense. Thats what matters.
Eatin Turnips::lol - Knicks socred 91 on the Cavs.  Let's get excited about the playoffs!
RICHIEBABY617::who care how much they scored they won the game on a back to back ....... this is not a video game this is real life.... they are hurt and still playing through .. back to back aint ez especially this year why do u think there are so many injuries around the league this year
mezgo2010::And Melo is nothing like Jordan......
woodylamb::Wishful thinking. Basketball 101 - you cannot win games consisntly without a good point guard. Without Lin, Knicks are very shaky.
Who Runs the Wildcat in 2012::see Jordan Bull's...
rockndoc2::Cavs biggest game of the year is Fri April 6 against Toronto.  If they can lose that one, they are in the drivers seat for the 4th pick in the draft.  Think Ping Pong Balls! Winning any of these games is meaningless in the scheme of things.  Blow For Beal!
alin004::Most of Jeremy Lin's millions of American fans are white, black, and hispanic, not Asian. The Knicks had terrible ratings (and an abysmal record) before Lin, nobody wants to see selfish no-movement, no-passing boring Knicks basketball without Lin playing. People are drawn to the team-first, selfless, humble values embodied by Jeremy Lin. The Knicks are reverting back to uninspiring basketball without Lin.  Their ratings, audience, and attendance will plummet back to their 8-15 record levels (by more than half).
dontplayah8::LIN IS ABSOLUTELY AN ASIAN DRIVEN PHENOMENON. THE GUY IS AN AVERAGE PG AT BEST.
Kimsky1::People are drawn to winning.
Jerkshoppe::Only racists see Linsanity as an Asian driven phenomenon.... what's wrong with PEOPLE liking an underdog.
mizer35752::the fact lin's asian seems to be a big deal outside of new york. in new york, lin coming off the end of the bench and turning the team around is a bigger story. his nyc fans are, as knick fans are, and as new yorkers are, multicultural.
Machine from future::Asians make up 4.8% of the US population.  For this group to even have the slightest impact as a fan base on sales or ratings, a very high proportion of this 4.8% subgroup would have to be interested in basketball, buying tickets &amp; merchandise, attending games, etc.  Even in a best case scenario, 100% of 4.8% is still collectively a small percentage of the entire basketball fan base or anything related to basketball in the US.    The numbers are hard to deny.  In absolute terms, the majority of Lin's fans in the US are not Asians.  In relative terms, then it is possible that a majority of the asian ethnic group (sub group) are fans of Lin.
WHAFLAVAYO::the majority ARE asian...thats where all the ratings ae coming from idiot..and whats crazy is thats not the ONLY thing you had wrong here....how is it being selfish non-passing ball? the knicks have won 9 of 11...your not a fan of the knicks or even the team your just some $@%!$@%!$ who jumped on the jeremy lin bandwagon and now that hes not playing you hate basketball again..go away
dontplayah8::No.The majority are Asian. Period. End of story.
whatsdoing::time to dust-off Toney Douglas... his legs should be fresh after sitting for the whole year.
SheaBoy98::Please Not Douglas!!! It's like someone raping my eyes when he is on the court.
WHAFLAVAYO::toney douglas is terrible even with the limited minutes he gets now it seems like every time he steps into the game he manages to foul someone right off the bat or take  stupid shot
5809Mike::no kidding!
gatoz007::knicks kneed knash
gatoz007::i'm falLINg and i can't get up !!!
Daichi007::Linsanity gone!!! Lol
whatsdoing::Lin-sanity was gone a while ago... it was replaced by "Wood-sanity" or as I've said before the "I got Wood" effect....
Oldjoker1111::celtics now have the 4 seed    knicks are fading fast and with all the hurting players we will be lucky to keep 8th seed
RICHIEBABY617::they wont give melo credit .. we lost to atl bc nobody but schump and melo stepped up... this is when  l fields needs to get his game up but for some reason he cant get it done........
Thetimpanikid16::They only lost because melo took 24 shots and Novak only took 3....
Kimsky1::They lost to Atlanta because Davis and Smith were a combined 4 for 18 and they missed 11 foul shots. I understanding dumping on Melo when he's shooting below .400 but then you have to give him credit when he's playing well too.
bronxbomber62::Knicks fading? Funny they just destroyed the Magic without Lin, Amare or Jared.  Off night against the Hawks but won again last night. Fading?
fokman::Good luck with that upcoming schedule Celts... U will be in the 8th seed soon enough
WHAFLAVAYO::the knicks have won 9 of 11 wtf are you talking about?
gatoz007::how can they be fading fast when they just won?
lamriverside8::What should he DO??   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
Tim EliTebow::There was this one guy on here  i think his name was RunTheBall22 or somethin' like that  he didnt know who and what mobb deep was, that made my night lol....
whatsdoing::is that some type of scuba equipment company??  LOL
Oldjoker1111::who what?????
oldirtyzoo::41st Side of Queenbridge
SKYD1DDY::yeah, i noticed he dissapeared after awhile, i wonder why.... lulz....
armet227::KEEP IN MIND, the knicks was 8-15 before LIN... u guyz will not even get a chance to talk about playoff+we don't need Lin if the knicks did not have the 7-1 run after Lin brought the chemistry to the team.
whatsdoing::that is because d'antoni is a dummy and doesn't play his bench until he has no other options.... Novak just didn't miraculously become a guy who could hit a three.
mizer35752::chemistry, and showed the nba that the knicks had a bench. there is no mobb deep without linsanity.
spong3bobrox::Again.....we suck $@%. Kick everyone off the team but Irving, Gee, Thompson, and Varejou
KURokedTHAT::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
jjensen1192::Jeremy lin is the 4th best player on the knicks. if they had amare, lin being out wouldn't effect the team that much
BrooklynThunder1973::Davis can run it just fine...and he can drive left
mizer35752::man, i love BD too. but the man is OLD. and he looks VERY OLD on some nights (i.e., hawks game). he gives the knicks 12-15 minutes of good play a night -- that's all his body can take. lin is a second year player, who was playing solid D under woodson and improving his left right before the injury. if you're a knick fan, lin as the starter and BD as backup was the dream scenario. now you have a banged up BD leading a PG-by-committee rotation that includes douglas and bibby playing the 1. sorry, that's a pretty major downgrade.
ballinbroken1::this better be sarcastic
mizer35752::the top three can't run an offense.
jjensen1192::but baron can
HistoryBuff___::You gotta admit, Lin was a scrub!
zachrlee::Name me one scrub who's dropped 38 on the Lakers and 28 pts, 14 assists on the Mavs, and then I'll believe you.
wadexplorer::Tony Delk scored a career-high 53 points on 20-for-27 field goal shooting.
zachrlee::If Lin was that bad, you wouldn't have Woodson stating in interviews that "Jeremy is a big part of what we're trying to accomplish". Majority of basketball coaches and pro players know Jeremy Lin can ball. He's legit. He's smart, gutsy and quick. It's when you listen to pseudo-intellectuals like Stephen A Smith, who called Jeremy a "marginal player", that you get misled into thinking that he shouldn't be in the NBA. All the criticisms about his game, namely that he can't go left or he can't defend are false. Can't defend? Are you kidding me? Just take a look at his steals numbers. Listen to what the commentators say about how busy Lin is hounding his man. Can't go left? Lin goes left half of the time. Stop listening to Stephen A or that retired NBA scrub named Jon Barry.
Jerkshoppe::After watching the last 2 games I hope Stephen A realizes the B diddy is a less than marginal player
BrooklynThunder1973::Stephen A. Smith gets paid to watch basketball and to give his opinion...no one posting on the espn board does.  Lin is an average PG who benefitted from D'Antoni's system and media over exposure.  Woodson would have preferred a healthy Davis over Lin anyway.  Lin being injured hurts the Knicks' depth at guard and forces Davis to play too many minutes.
whatsdoing::Knicks would be better with Lin for depth at the very least... also we have seen that Lin has the ability to score AND draw fouls.... but the Knicks CAN survive without him... how long and how far remains to be seen.
mizer35752::media overexposure drives the haters. lin is solid, and the knicks are much better with him.
KURokedTHAT::Look at the injury here:  http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
oldirtyzoo::where did everybody go? Knicks won tonight so where is the traffic here?
Kev_010::guess people can ride on blake griffin but not lin
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::Lin is gone, so the bandwagon fans are also gone.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::Knicks are going to get destroy in the playoff with this garbage offense and defense.
SheaBoy98::Ya I agree That damn garbage defense they gave up 75 points their defense SUCKS.
omegapachi::Shut that nonsense up
Oldjoker1111::so are you always this unintelligent?
Kev_010::Another game that proves  NY don't need Lin. Lin should go to another team. NY just needed a spark when they were down and Lin was that spark. Now Woodson running the show and everyone knows Lin not going to get minutes ( lets be real) so he should just go to a new team.
SheaBoy98::and you are a $@%!$@ at best
mspearlmay::What other team would want Lin whose body broke down after just a ew NBA games.  He has neither the skills nor body to play in the NBA.  He is a d-leaguer at best.
armet227::what if Knicks start losing again...??? i mean everything can happen in the future and are u gonna change ur mind and say we DO need LIN ???
JayBlaze2k22::As opposed to just calling up Mike Woodson and suggesting changes???
armet227::Agree
Oldjoker1111::knick fans are like a flag in the wind    they just follow the moementum of the moment no real heavy thinkers here
weoutnyc::and who do you suggest play PG next year?? Toney Douglas??? Mike Bibby?? Baron Davis??  What is everyones problem with Lin being on the team, he doesnt cause drama, he plays within himself, he is still learning to play PG and already had top 10 PG stats (once he started playing)...Im not sure how we got so many fake idiotic fans, bc any other teams fans would love the fact they have a young CHEAP productive PG on their team.  Its unreal the stupidity level of some people.
mypuppy747::The Cavs starting PG was Donald Sloan... lets not get ahead of ourselves
hungurr::The irony is that the Knicks may actually be a better team if the next guys in line step up. J.R. Smith has always had the potential to be a star, his weakness is mental. Baron has played at a superstar level, he just needs to get in shape and shake off the cobwebs. Carmelo will play much better without Amare taking away his touches as they overlap too much. I hope Lin is back next seasons but's let not fool ourselves into thinking he would do more than come off the bench for good teams.
BrooklynThunder1973::An in shape Baraon Davis is a much better PG than Lin.  People who don't know basketball are mezmerized by Lin's offensive performances in D'Antoni's system which is very PG friendly.  Lin can't drive left or defend his position, two things necessary in Woodson's system.  The Knicks will be fine if Davis' hamstring holds up.  The Stat injury hurts because the Knicks were starting to actually play cohesive defense along the front court and that will be necessary if the Knicks want to make the playoffs.
Kimsky1::When was the last time Baron Davis was in shape? 2008?  I like his court vision but he can't play starters minutes and it's pretty rare to see a guy improve his physical conditioning after he passes thirty. Baron cannot do it by himself and neither Bibby nor Douglas deserve minutes if Lin can go. It would be a shame to lose him.
mizer35752::i like JR. he brings athleticism, energy and solid defense. but he can't run a team. and sorry, baron is way past his prime. he can still give 12-15 minutes of good run. any way you try to spin it, losing lin is a big deal.
weoutnyc::lmao...ok first off- MELO IS NOT A BALL HOG- learn the definition and $@%!.  Secondly, exactly how is our team better without its starting PG?? you know the only Pg we have that can actually consistently penetrate and finish at the basket, while also having nice jumpshot and great passing skills. Right now we have Baron Davis who occasionally can get past a defender and into the lane right now, and Mike Bibby who is basically learning how to be a coach and has absolutely no business on the court...OHHHHH let me guess you think Toney Douglas is the answer?? smmfh
Kev_010::Smith ball hogs more than Melo.
I have popcorn in my ears::Oh please.  JR Smith is THE most inconsisten knucklehead in the NBA.  If the Knicks have to rely on him, they'll be on the golf course while the Bucks are in the playoffs.
oldirtyzoo::Good game JR &amp; Chandler!
FlawlessVictoryKid19.0::Haven't you guys realized that something big is about to happen?!  As of now...Subway will be giving away a free 6 foot long sub if you buy your first  6 foot long of course! It lasts until 9:00 a.m. daily for the whole month of APRIL!   THIS IS BIG!
watchDreplay::April Fools?
oldirtyzoo::lmao
darkyam::Wow, the Knicks are above .500!  Clearly, they're the team to beat in the East now!  Miami and Chicago don't stand a chance.
rundav::Whats the point of scott coaching this team?  He sucks.  Anyone can put D-Leaguers in to lose.
MELOiSTheKingofNY::It was fun getting oyu mad oldirtyzoo but i gotta leave. See you soon asian boy!
WHAFLAVAYO::yep..like i said...mommy caught you wastin' all her internet late at night...damn shame
oldirtyzoo::I know you gotta sleep cuz its first of the month for ya
.History.__.Buff..::I'll take over.
mypuppy747::You know ur have a bad squad when Donald Sloan and Lester Hudson play major minutes for you....
.History.__.Buff..::Why don't black people celebrate Thanksgiving?
Public School Failed History Buff::^ Failed attempt to say that he's not black.
oldirtyzoo::LOL
.History.__.Buff..::Because KFC is closed that day.
Oldjoker1111::i think we have alot in common you can send me your email so we can get together sometime
FlawlessVictoryKid19.0::Because turkey doesn't taste like chicken.
Oldjoker1111::LOL
.History.__.Buff..::You guys are a bunch of racists!
oldirtyzoo::You obviously never learn the word: hypocrite
FlawlessVictoryKid19.0::KFC is $@%!.  Popeyes is $@%!$@.  Churches is really $@%!$@.  Just cook your own is the best choice...lol.
ICEMAN199973::WHAAAAAaaa?!?!!?!?!? Popeyes ownz any other chicken rest. any day of the week and twice on Sundays!
oldirtyzoo::Does welfare mean i still make money? -MeloisKingofNY
MELOiSTheKingofNY::No dad i don't want to get rape tonight, not tonight daddy please, is my b-day.  -WHAFLAVAYO
WHAFLAVAYO::lmao..awww..you got offended by my last comment...yep..your a little girl....does your mom know your still on the computer this late?
WHAFLAVAYO::@meloisthekingofNY and oldirtyzoo...you 2 ladies should just exchange numbers, start sexting...and get it over with..this shi* is getting old
oldirtyzoo::That shemale tried to call me out as asian lol.
WHAFLAVAYO::bro idfc what debates you 2 chicks are having..its a sports board...talk about sports or get the fu** out
Kev_010::Knicks team, you guys don't need Lin. Let him leave to go to a team that needs him. You guys got stars in Melo and Amare. You guys have JR smith,fields,baron davis,mike bibby, shumphert, and Tyson chandler. You guys need size not a point guard.
pokamah::LIN DONT NEED KNICKS, KNICKS NEED LIN..................WHO CALLED ON WHO FIRST OF ALL?
WHAFLAVAYO::would like to point out that lin leads a team with 2 "superstars" in it in PER...
