M.J.::everybody in Houston needs to find a better way to win more games. start Lin or not is not an issue, but there should have an reason, otherwise it's NOT fair for player and not fun to watch. maybe they want to start Bev first just to wear out the oppnent's PG, not saying injure him:))
CTL::Howards and Beverly are often praised as top defender. They are supposed to enforce the defense as the starter. Yet what I have heard  are the problems about defense. Moreover,  this so-called defense-enforcement seems to weak the offensive power significantly. Funny thing is that people are now looking around and try to pick on some body else.
jen keng::Howard was talking shixxx about how the teams pgs should get used to playing with big men like him...  that's so funny cuz when u go back and watch all the ally ally hoops Landry , Tyson, and other Knicks did with Lin...u will see they all have no problem catching the ball and dunk.. clearly Howard can't shoot free throws and he can't even grab a ball and fuxxking finish a dunk... So tonite Lin decides to stop passing to Coward and do it on his own
jen keng::Howard was talking shixxx about how the teams pgs should get used to playing with big men like him...  that's so funny cuz when u go back and watch all the ally ally hoops  Landry , Tyson, and other Knicks did with Lin...u will see they all have no problem catching the ball and dunk.. clearly Howard can't shoot free throws and he can't even grab a ball and fuxxking finish a dunk...     Also Harden was saying it's his time to take over for Kobe and Wade in the beginning of the season, Kobe was able to play with injured foot last season until the last second and Harden was giving excuses for his usual poor shooting ... Harden is no way a superstar.
TheBigB0ss::The only other rocket who decided to play tonight besides Jeremy Lin was D12.....tonight was an example of what happens when you let Lin play his game with good supporting casts.  Game was made close because of bad defensive rebounding when D12 went for blocks and poor perimeter defense by the rox.  Lin saved this game tonight....
Victor Wong::Be objective Beverly played great with JLin on the floor but Beverly will always struggle on offense with Harden the the primary ball handler when the game start.
Victor Wong::4 straight game Beverly started in place of JLin, Rockets been out scored all 4 games, Rockets offense had no flow, slow start with mostly Harden iso on the top of the 3 point line.
frank::nba really needs to look at how TO is tacked onto a player. Howard fumbles a good pass from Lin and it's Lin's fault for Howard not catching the ball? I can understand if the pass was terrible like the one to Harden on the fast break just now, but fumble catches...no
timeout::When it's impossible to make the shoot, the J Harden didn't take it but let someone else to shoot. He must think he is smarter than all others.
Linkun::Enough with the slow starts. Clearly Howard + Asik isn't working when you switch out Asik 5 minutes into the first quarter of every game. Obviously, you're trying to boost his trade value, you're not fooling anyone. But if you're going to trade him, just hurry up and trade him. The guy has the 2nd highest rebound rate in the NBA. You've established value. No need to keep up the charade of this fake strategy that you're half-azzing anyways. Trade him to the Hawks for either one of their 2 all-star caliber stretch 4s (preferably Horford, who can double as a backup center). The trade would improve both teams and the money works out perfectly.
