Al Sotowitz::I like laughing at how people discount Bosh. He unclogs the drain so to speak. Without him pulling the opposing teams big man that extra foot or two out of the paint, this offense would be completely different. His production is not up to par, but his presence on the floor is a MAJOR reason why the Heat are what they are.
Bryce Morgan::shhhh people think that PF/C are supposed to ONLY dunk the ball and get rebounds!
Gregg Thomas::It's not just his presence. Dude makes timely plays when he is needed..  The rest of the world can discount him but true basketball fans respect his sacrifice,
Julie Price::Wade looks like he's so rejuvenated.
Alfred Martin::So right Julie...........So right.
Ivan Lemuel de Grano::True. He's ballin' like its 2006.
Dwayne Cardell Walker::I Like the way My Team Miami Heat playing.Beasley playing Good when he out there.
Sam Jones::Agreed!
Jody George Prats::LeBron James makes everyone around him better.  *true champion
Justin Porter::Wade lookin good lateley and same for M.B. off the bench.. I can see the streak continue for awhile.
Damaine Bankett::#HeatNation
Alfred Martin::With Micheal Beasley.................Pat Riley................................................has done it again. Last year it was the Birdman that was the pickup of the year now it could be Micheal Beasley. Take Notes Cleveland.........Take Notes Dan Gilbert.
Marc Huggard::Just wait until Spo really gets really confident in Beaseley.  End of the season and playoffs Beasley will be the superstar he was always supposed to be.  Heat will be blowing out everybody.  How do you guard 4 superstars?
Jeffrey Nicholas::Marc Huggard By getting Bosh to play like he did tonight, psyching James out of his jumpshot, and hoping Wade's knees grind into a pulp. ENTER THE ODEN! He hasn't had knees to injure in about two and a half years now. FIRE PROOF!
Treyvon Carter::norris cole too
Leland Wong::Wade is only good in certain outings. It is mostly Andersen, Beasly and of course LBJ.
Akil Charles::Check his plus/minus. He has been playing great as he his feeling better. Knocking down jumpers too
Jorge Bouza::21 points, 7 rebounds, 6 assists, 4 steals?  Leland, what game were you watching?
Marlon Blingchub Heats::Miami will win this easily ....
Treyvon Carter::raptors got this
Brandon Tigues::32 fts for the raptors..13 for the heat, and Miami still owned them
Zach Edwards::Big fan of the Heat, but this year is looking tough Not from the Eastern perspective, although I do believe Miami and the Pacers are the two best teams in the league right now, but also the West. OKC looks solid, although I think the Heat would win rather easily, but also the Clippers, Portland, Houston and Golden State pose REAL problems for the Heat.   I honestly believe, no matter what, that Bosh will not be playing for the Heat by the 15' season. He's a GREAT player, but does not fit the type of big man they need. You all can argue all you want about how much spacing he creates but in reality, teams don't respect his shot. Outside of 12 ft since 2011', he's shot 38% from the floor. LeBron, and Dwade at times, literally carry the Heat. Teams are getting MUCH better while little problems persist more so every year. Yes they are going for a 3 peat, but in all honesty, they've had some REAL luck. You of course need that sometimes to win championships, it's a fact, but LeBron is SO far ahead of everyone and Wade still plays like a top 15 player at worst and they struggle so mightily in the post season. Either Lebron carries or Allen hits the shot of a century.   The Heat need a big man and I wouldn't be surprised if Bosh leaves or gets traded by 15' season. We need a big who can rebound, defend and doesn't need to shoot more than 10 shots a game without looking lost. Example, Ibaka. (not saying serge but a player like him.)
Bryce Morgan::Golden State is too injury prone right now, Portland will not make it to the finals, Clippers dont have a good post up shooter so the Heat will tear them apart. Houston might stand a chance in the paint but probably not. The only team out West is the Spurs I honestly believe
Marc Huggard::I agree with you completely about Bosh.  Beasely is his replacement already.  Just don't know who the real center is..........
Roderick Gaines::The Heat will only have to play one of those teams out West come the finals...Indy seems to be the only concern in the East at the moment...
Leland Wong::The game was LBJ and Wade plis role players , Shane ,Lewis and Vosh need to srep it up too many games missed. MB is starting to play a more vital role instead of just subbing for LBJ.
Alan Ogg::Why do Raptors fans jump around like monkeys when DeRozan makes a routine 2 point shot? Your team is 6-8 and won't even make the playoffs.
Alfred Martin::Wooah Alan. They ACTUALLY might make it. Why? Winning their beyond sorry division. Look at the Atlantic standings, hell look at the entire East standings and tell me they wont make it.
Alan Ogg::Alfred Martin but why do they need to jump around like kids at a Justin Bieber concert? fist pumping and shouting .. its like they are in the Super Bowl...
Alfred Martin::Alan Ogg Thats what happens when you play the Miami Heat with the Big 3. For teams like the Raptors or Magic or Milwaukee Bucks this is the NBA Finals/Playoffs. Its all they have. Dont be a scrooge and take that away from these poor people.
Marcleen Bavogui::6 shots for bosh.. i mean come on man dude should be getting 10 to 15 shots a night.. the guy just look like a role player out there
Brandon Tigues::he was in foul trouble the whole game
Marcleen Bavogui::Brandon Tigues yea get it but still.. 6 shots for a dude like him either they need to pass him the ball more or he needs to be more aggressive demanding it
Adrian Stottlemyer::Marcleen Bavogui Foul trouble and wade had a rhythm going early, so they went to him  a lot more. They need to run easy plays for bosh and its up to bosh to man up and accept back-to-the-basket Post basketball. Thats how you're going to get shots. He has to learn how to play that game in addition to the face up. Lebron and Wade are top 5 in the post. Crazy.
Leland Wong::Raptors are hanging around, Heat need some stops and make some shots.
Leland Wong::Not an easy game, Raptors have some excellent players, DeRozan, Lowry and Gay and Valamciunas. The big three for the Heat is now LBJ, Beasly, and Wade. Bosh don't have it.
Vic Manlapig Arcenio::Raptors will win this one.
Leland Wong::Vic Manlapig Arcenio I think the Heat will win, they have LBJ.
Jordan Hebert::Vic Manlapig Arcenio  Ok man, think. Miami has been excellent in the paint, and in their decision making. Plus Michael Beasley is doing a great job off the bench providing both scoring and rebounding. And, Rudy Gay just told ESPN that he doesnt care about stats! that tells you his confidence level haha.
Chad Wiggins::is tim donoughy back in the house lol
Tiago Machado::nice choke lol
Jamie Whittimore::The game isn't over.
Allen Greene::Jamie Whittimore The Heat play around to much with teams they should be beating. a 20 point lead and its down to 4? That's  either lack of urgency or bad coaching.
Jamie Whittimore::Allen Greene Yes, I know this.  It's a combination of both.  Are they winning?  Is the game over?  If they win, no one will care about the 20 points they blew.  They will "choke" only if they lose.
Rich Harrell::WADE!!!
Scott Zimmerman::WATTUP RICH
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Miami Heat will put two impressive streaks on the line when they travel to face the Toronto Raptors on Friday. The Heat take their eight-game winning streak - the longest active streak in the league - into Toronto in search of their 13th straight win in the series. The Raptors are coming off a 102-100 loss to Brooklyn on Tuesday but lead the lackluster Atlantic Division. Miami handled the Raptors earlier in the month without Bosh, expect Miami to escape this one double digits late in the second half.
John Osaki Jr.::Miami Heat could three-peat and Dwyane Wade's numbers, if he remains healthy, could take away from LeBron numbers in winning his fifth MVP. Check out both superstars and their all-time projected rankings in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Cory Young::I will say this. The pacers are without a shadow of doubt a real threat to miami. Downplay it all you want and I'm not even a pacer fan, in fact I like the heat and want to see them 3 peat but the pacers will be a problem if they can't stop the bigs. Still regular season,  nothing to worry about at this time and there are still plenty of games left.
Rodolfo Valentino::the pacers will be about a s big of a problem as nothing against a healthy heat team, if the heat are not healthy then they can "push, not beat miami."
Eric Brown::Oh look guys, another trash East team for Miami to run over. And this team is/was leading its division with a LOSING record... welcome to the Eastern Conference. Where below .500 teams will forever live. Get June here to give Miami its title. Indiana ain't getting past the 2nd round.
Rob Borders::Eric, who do you think has a chance at beating the Pacers that would prevent a second straight ECF between the Heat and Pacers? Please answer.
Eric Brown::Rob Borders Depends on the seed. If Indiana finishes #1, then a healthy Brooklyn squad who would get the #4 seed thanks to winning that trash division could give Indy fits. If Indiana finishes 2nd.... then Indiana should be fine.
Rob Borders::Thanks for answering, Eric, but the pacers will not lose to a team whose coach purposely spills a drink on the floor to get an extra timeout - especially in a 7-game series. Both Heat and Pacers remain healthy, it will be another fantastic ECF. Let go of the past, and admit the Pacers are good.
Chad Sanders::Miami wins 49- 9. LeBron James throws for 300+ yards and runs for another 100. Meanwhile, Raptors offense continues to struggle...only getting 3 field goals the entire game. Greg Oden debuts and records 3 sacks.
