dashiad::Small thing to note : Rose: 42 minutes played. +/- : +6 (his team won by 11). Rubio: 35 minutes played. +/- : +3 (his team lost by 11).Given they both played so many minutes, the +/- stat is interesting...
abenezer44::my blood pressure rises when i see boozer
Drewlazar83::anyone know why Barea ran off during the game
md7152::tweaked left ankle after a lay up.  nursing his hamstring to a bit i would imagine
swiftlongfellowAZ::Chicago is a $@%!$@ $@% dump of a city. That's why ,out of all the huge FA last year............You got boozer,korver and brewer.Pathetic. Nobody will ever come to play in that nasty $@%! stain you call a home. Rose will get tired of it and leave to brighter days.Enjoy the smell of $@% ,grease and onions.
Geech63::this the same thing he been reposting for like 12 hrs
buller23::what a moron. best city and fans. go f.u.c.k. yourself
buller23::f.u.c.k. u
Bede Bears::Sounds like somebody has never been in downtown Chicago.
3000GT SIU::What did rose mouth after that 3??? The NBA network blurred it out.
Bede Bears::At himself for now putting the 2-7 T-Wolves out commission way before the 4th quarter.
3000GT SIU::At Rubio?
Bulls greater than all teams::Mother.fuc.ker.
Geech63::mf'a
md7152::Great Shooting from Ridnour.  Helped keep it close. Credit to the bulls tho.
AGon334::Rubioooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ArcusProtus::bangarang!  bulls fan here.  that kid can play - I'm happy for the t-wolves that it looks like he's going to be a nice piece of an up and coming team. kudos.
sportspotpourri::As a Bulls fan, good win but need to close teams out when they have the opportunity (still hate Boozer). As a basketball fan it is good to see the Wolves look decent for the first time since KG. I would love to see the young players grow together, but honestly when resigning time comes I feel like this team is going to get real boring again real quick.
boom.shaka::So Rubio tanked it on purpose in Spain so he could get to the NBA?  Not gonna lie, I'm impressed so far.
mbatkiew::If the Bulls don't win a championship this season then: Noah for Love, straight up.   The Wolves have three young PFs (Love, Randolph, and D. Williams)  that would start on any other team and their options at center are terrible.  As for the Bulls; land Love, amnesty Boozer, and give Asik the starting C job.
Drewlazar83::Love is the best PF in the NBA
Constantinius III::LOL @ Noah for Love.  What a joke.   The Midwest teams struggle for offense enough as it is without trading one of the top PFs in the nation for a defensive and slightly overrated center.
FantasyNazi::How about Beasley for Rose straight up?  Noah for Love?  Right,  the Wolves should get rid of their best player because they have too many people at his position.
MNsportswopwopwah::Give you Randolph for Noah
mccoywajmu::They are not trading love
mn_tanz::Adelman obviously knows the game and I trust his judgment for the most part.  But it seems to me that a change in the starting lineup is appropriate.  Rubio and Tolliver should probably get a shot at being a starter.  Wes and Darko just aren't really cutting it as starters at this point and keep being large contributors to the wolves starters digging the team into a large hole, only to have Rubio and Tolliver come in and work to salvage the game.    They just aren't good enough to come back from down that much against a team like Chicago.
Geech63::Tolliver?
jack butler505::how about AR15?
The_Exuberator::Rose wins out again. Great game last night  Players of the game/recap here:   http://bullsarena.blogspot.com/
Tr1ckSh0t::I realize that Ridnour is smallish for SG, but he's got good range and quick release ... and it doesn't look like 'Wolves have much alternative. I don't see why they don't have Rubio start at PG, Ridnour at SG and have Barea spell either when necessary. Three scrambly guards could cause some trouble. They aren't going to win a Championship with that, but they ain't gonna win one anyway. Might as well give the fans something fun to watch as they build toward to future.  And someone thank Kevin Love for me. He looks so much less ridiculous with a head of hair.
rynodesign::Once again no Noah and Boozer in the 4th.
ejay75::Hey T-Wolves good group too bad t-wolves management gonna trade them all away for draft picks and expiring contracts
Hook1441::Glad to see the T-wolves turning things around... havent had this much promise since KG left
Hardcore4Hoops::Great core with Love, Rubio, and Williams
gbloomjr::i am a Bulls fan but I agree the Timberwolves are going to get better with time
gbloomjr::kevinmurtha he has a strained left hamstring.
rynodesign::The T Wolves are fun to watch. They have a nice team growing up there. Rubio reminds me of Pistol Pete. Not saying he is anywhere near as good right now or even if he will be but the similarities are there.
Hardcore4Hoops::Reminds me alot of Rondo with a better jump shot mechanic.
Vikadontis Rex::Ridnour: 8-11, 3-3 on 3PTs, 2 assists.  Sounds like a SG to me.  I think we need Beasley more than people realize.  He would have been a big asset last night
FantasyNazi::No Shooting guards have really tore up the Wolves this year.  The Wolves have been their best when Rubio plays with Luke or JJ.   Do you think Wes Johnson or Wayne Ellington can shut down Kobe? Not many people shut down Kobe actually.  At least Ridnour brings some ballhandling and shooting ability.  Remember, those 6'5" shooting guards have to stick with Rubio, Barea and Ridnour also.
mn_tanz::6'2".  Sounds like a PG to me.  But I agree that he MAY be better than the alternatives on the team right now.    It's just that at 6'2", how's he going to match up defensively against someone like 6'7" Kobe?  Or any of the other SGs who 6'5"+?
Hardcore4Hoops::Too small to be SG.
Vikadontis Rex::What the starting lineup should be.  Rubio Ridnour Beasley Love Darko  Then Barea, Tolliver, and Derrick Williams coming off the bench.  Wes Johnson and Ellington are quite terrible and should see few minutes splitting time as backup SG.  Ridnour can shoot the 3 and would be a good compliment to Rubio.
jack butler505::I would try AR15 at center, and maybe Martell at SG when he comes back
kevinmurtha::why did jj berea leave the game yesterday? anyone know?
Tr1ckSh0t::Ankle sprain. Nasty twist after a pretty layup in the second half.
MNsportswopwopwah::Darkos so good who else can put up 0 points and 1 rebound?
inthepaint32::Why is he still in the league??
lovesports3409::Did anyone see D. Rose curse and say Mother F@$#%#$, when he hit that late 3? I think he got a little pissed.
bull6475::He probably had enough of playing around with this team, and wanted to end it!
Vikeslegit::Rubio, Love, and D Will are the future, but the wolves won't start winning games without a shooting guard and someone to help Love on the boards. I'm scared they are becoming the next phoenix suns.
brcoke::give d. rose the mvp now.  why wait
shepseskaf::The story states: "Rubio was magnificent...."? Why kind of hype writing is this? It appears to lack any objectivity and makes the 'writer' sound like a Rubio fanboy.
AbyssinianLion::He is the new Tebow...didnt take ESPN long
superpieman802::its kinda funny.  the heat trolls were talking alot of smack about us after the golden state loss. they say we sucked, we were a joke and had no chance.  guess its not to easy to beat golden state is it?
lovesports3409::You have to shoot very well to beat the Bulls. Plain and simple, if you don't it's a wrap.
wmannab::Yeah where is that Heat Troll now?
Detmar08::Partying with the Miami Latinos.....I mean Miami Marlins
superpieman802::although steph curry had to play and him and ellis had good games to beat the bulls.  apparently no steph curry and ellis going 9-25 with 9 TOs and the warriors shooting 40 percent from the field is all it took to beat the heat.
AbyssinianLion::Rubio will be a great player but right now he is not in the class of DRose. NO hate, the Wolves are good; da Bulls just are better.
wmannab::He will never be as good as Rose
eototal::you two must be Nostradamus.
Detmar08::or CP3 or DWill
lovesports3409::"Oh where, oh where have the Heat fans gone? Oh where, oh where can they be?"  In my nursery ryhme voice.
T.Y.U::Gone back into the hole cause they realize Lebron just won't get it done for them.
T.Y.U::He does plus all Lebron really is. Is just Athletic that's it he doesn't have anything else to rely on.
lovesports3409::He must have a mental block. Not that I really care, but he doesn't get it done.
T.Y.U::I'm no T'wolves fan, but Rubio in a few years might be better then most PG's now. Maybe even this year lol.
Detmar08::He will never be better than CP3, Rose, or D Will
shepseskaf::He's been a pro since 14 years of age. This shouldn't be a complete surprise. Its not like he's a college kid.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good try at a comeback Wolves.. Yall nearly took us out.
.TT15.::Rubio's success in NBA made me seriously doubt the quality of this league.
jonnyd_94::it should make everyone doubt your knowledge.
Chicago Phoenix::if rip isn't going to be able to play, we gotta find a replacement. preferably a guy under 30.
rynodesign::Brew had 17 last night. That is just fine.
wmannab::A hammy is a bad injury it takes time.
Detmar08::Why? Brewer is playing just fine in his absence. Need to rest Rip for the playoffs anyways
Aaron4123::Anyone think that the T-Wolves coach isn't doing something right? I feel like they have a better squad than just winning 3 games so far.
eototal::The Starting lineup is all wrong
Isorfilinde::So the haters went from saying Rubio can't play in the NBA to pretending that him getting a double double vs the best defense in the NBA is a "disappointment". The mind boggles.
wmannab::Who cares, he is the 15th or 16th best PG in the league
superpieman802::well when moronic fans such as yourself talk about how hes going to show up rose and then rose drops 31 and 11 to rubios 13 and 11 or whatever he had then yea people are going to pile it on.  dont say stupid stuff and you wont get it in return
Mavsolute Beast 41::ur cute
neeks612::These ESPN recaps are often misleading and bites on hype too often. Yes, I was very impressed by Rubio, but they make it sound like he was Rose's equal after the first quarter. Also, barely a mention of Ridnour.
meekrabkabob::They just reprint the Associated Press story on the game, they don't actually do any critical thinking or real reporting.  We have to wait for Nick 'Miami Heat #1 Fan' Friedell for that.
swaggamento916::man derrick rose is the best player this was a great game i was verry impressed with rubio he almost brought em back but derrick willliams really needs to settle down quit shooting so much and get to the basket he better than hes showing by far
kush manbear::that should take care of heatster for a few days
Madhouse_United::I gotta feeling there won't be that many Heat trolls as usual here today. Not so easy @ Golden State is it? ;D
tokken88::Rubio is showing that he can play with the big boys if he keeps playing the way he is playing he could win Rookie of the year.
tsinakis::well most of the national media is loving Rubio's game.  It will be close but if both continue to play at this level I think the team with the better record will play a huge hand in the ROY award.
d.mccue83::i can agree with a wash. but goosu is hinting that Rubio has no shot to win ROY as if the stats and team impact are not close in Irving's favor. which is obv. not the case.
d.mccue83::and whats Rubio doing? i'll take Rubio all day. he's made his team more competitive against better competition. he's taken a hopeless team and made them competitive.
Mitchell3570::it's a wash .........these two guys are going to be good PG's and maybe all-star's in the future
convolutedthought::um...no actually irving is balling
jonnyd_94::he is also starting and going to get the bulk of minutes over Rubio, I think that will be a better advantage over Rubio.  Its would be a nice award to win and pump the Wolves fanbase up even more, but both are solid PG, both teams need to build around both players talents.
d.mccue83::what? not with Kyrie Irving around. you're not serious are you? i hope this was sarcastic?
goosu123::Not with Kyrie Irving around
BestTimberwolfFan::Does anybody know if Demarcus Cousins still wants out of Sacramento? If so, the Wolves should act right away and trade Beasley and maybe Wes for Cousins. If Cousins can produce like 10 points and 10 rebounds a game, that's better than Darko and could probably win some games in the early going during a game.
d.mccue83::cousins plays ZERO defense. and is dumb as a box of rocks. i wouldn't touch him with a ten ft. pole and Paul Westphal pushing it.
greg94327::cousins is a douc*elord, team like the wolves dont need him
dabulls0608::I think he just said that because he didnt like Westphal
dabulls0608::LeBrick scored 1 point in the 4th quarter and the Heat blew a 15 point lead in the 4th LOL
Mavsolute Beast 41::oops, he did it again - Britney Spears
NorthNorth10100::he's a multi millionaire, also the most talented player in the NBA regardless of what you say....and will win the finals
Robert156877::Maybe in a few years when he opts out of Miami and goes back to Cleveland.
2cbULLS::hallucinating*
d.mccue83::NorthNorth.....like he won the finals last year? or was i helusinating and they did win? could of sworn they lost to perennial choke artists.
greg94327::any other picks since you seem to know the future?
Madhouse_United::LeBron is a great athlete no doubt, but if he keeps having games like that when they need him (playoffs or otherwise) They won't win the Finals.
dabulls0608::im not saying he isnt a good player, just stating what happened, LeBron is obviously a really great athlete
jpd98::good game i was watching it at the gym. sad the t-wolves couldnt pull it out but thats one damn good bulls team. d-rose is a beast.
BestTimberwolfFan::#22 should not be starting. Who agrees?
k_nak::is Martell Webster the starting 2 guard on MN?  I keep looking at the stats of MN and it seems like Wayne Ellington's never given them anything.  It's too bad MN doesn't use an asset to go after a legit starting 2 or even just some guy that's going to give them *something*.
superpieman802::ellington has show flashes in the past(yes im a unc fan so im a little biased lol) when given time but lately hes really not given any minutes.  i watched him play for 3 years and unc and i really think given some decent time he can be allright.  he will never be an all star but he can be a solid role player if he gets minutes.
NorthNorth10100::Wes Johnson is still young and can grow into that role but he's Gottaaaaa start being more assertive at the offense end....  Wolves should have never traded OJ mayo!!! Think of him on this squad!! Ah!
gman68mn::Trading OJ Mayo for Kevin Love may have been the single best trade in Minnesota sports history.  (Which may not be saying much, there have been some pretty bad stinkers.)  Not saying that Mayo isn't a good player, but he is underachieving, while Love is overachieving in a HUGE way.
BestTimberwolfFan::Then again.. we wouldn't have Love. I like Love for this team. He's the go to guy.
perrypete::education level is so low on these bull's boards.  im ashamed to be from chicago!
MrMacross::Says the guy who likes his own comments.
perrypete::thanks for proving my point educated one!
NorthNorth10100::if the wolves would have hit their shots in the 1st quarter the game would have been different period.   also, if beastley, Malcolm lee, and martell webster were healthy we would have had more scoring options. the wolves can run with any team, sometimes the ball moves around unnecessarily because of the lack of guys attacking the hoop.   Love to see AR Anthony Randolph get his tonight, still looking to see if Wes or Wayne Ellington can consistently get more buckets.   Twolves gotta start closing out games, season is still young playoffs still realistic!!
BestTimberwolfFan::I didn't see much of Wes at college but considering he was a #4 pick, he should be able to at least produce about the same or slightly better than his rookie season. Usually that's what is expected of a top 5 pick in their 2nd season.
NorthNorth10100::mike Beasley and derrick Williams are our most talented offensive threats, with Kevin love dropping anywhere from 20-30 any given night.  I still want to see Wes Johnson be more aggressive, he's a 6'7 2 guard who has handles and sees the floor well.  Wasn't he a lottery pick? I expect more buckets, but then again he was never really a selfish offensive player @ Syracuse
BestTimberwolfFan::The most aggressive attackers to the basket:  1-5 1 being the most.  1: Michael Beasley 2: Martell Webster 3: Ricky Rubio 4: Luke Ridnour 5: Malcolm Lee (Just because i haven't seen him play in a real NBA game yet but judging from the preseason he can drive slick)
BestTimberwolfFan::After 10 games into a 66 game season. I think it's time for Adelmen to make a change in the starting lineup.  Any suggestions?  Definitely:  1: #9 2: #13 3: #7 4: #15 5: #42
gman68mn::Agree. Ridnour is knocking down his shot and is crafty going to the basket.  He's a PG, not a SG, but he is the best option at #2 right now.  But that is only true if Barrea is healthy and can spell Rubio and Ridnour.  They REALLY need to get Webster and Lee back in the line-up.
Madhouse_United::That would be a great lineup for the Timberwolves. Rubio and Ridnour did great tonight, and will continue to be threats.
Madhouse_United::Scalabrine to tie Chamberlain's record breaking game against the Wizards. ;D
