mrFEEZY::look at the +- in the box on both teams starters. not good for the mavs.
Snakes_::Didn't mind losing this game. The Pacers are a good team and the Mavs simply couldn't stop them last night.   On another note.   Lamar Odom is useless. If he hadn't been on the floor last night. Mavs would've been able to win.
Dirk Ibaka::I'm a Mavs fan, but I liked this game because: 1) Dirk broke out and finally had a 30-point game, and 2) it showed me the Pacers are legit and could cause problems for frontrunners in the East. I think it's great that they (along with the 76ers) are finding success right now. Happy for their fans.
jano2412::I wonder who Cuba is going to blame for that whipping?
WeAreMarquette123::damn why the pacers so good this year???
CaptainKirkman::Good news is Dirk was awesome last night. Indiana can flat out play. I hope they give Chicago and Miami one heck of a fight in the playoffs. Let's go get cleveland tonight, Mavs fans!
543michaeljr::Pacers 3rd best team in east and pacers awesome to watch
Panthersboy2009::IF the pacers play like that night in and night out, there going to be tough to beat.
bucktriple::George &gt; Beast
HeatFan85::Paul George will be a superstar in a few years
Vikeslegit::Wolves &gt; mavs
CandySparker::Da Alas!
oOo NEW YORK GIANTS oOo::Larry Bird might actually start getting some credit as being a good GM for the Pacers. I always figured the more time he had to learn on the job in Indiana the better he and the Pacers would be for it. Seems like he certainly (along with coaching staff) have an eye for young talent and knows what it takes to build a "team". Anybody can draft talent but, not everyone can draft a "team" who each player compliments the next ones game and makes up for their team mates weaknesses. The Pacers have done a great job proud to be a fan of their organization for the last 20 years!
StompOnFailtics::The MAVS continue to be a MASSIVE JOKE!
543michaeljr::No its just that they faced the pacers
oOo NEW YORK GIANTS oOo::wow... that was almost a clever play on words. :: smh ::
pacerpride35::Win on the road versus Chicago. Check. Win on the road versus Boston. Check. Win on the road versus Orlando. Check. Win on the road versus LA Lakers. Check. Win on the road versus Dallas. Check. Five road wins against elite teams. Fourth-best record in the NBA (and that's partly because Miami and Chicago have played more games). Tied for the most road wins so far, with 10. They are 16-6 despite having played fewest home games of anyone in the league. And yet ESPN, ABC and TNT can't see fit to show the Pacers.
oOo NEW YORK GIANTS oOo::From the time I was just a young lad... and the Celtics were "down", I adopted the Pacers as my "other team" ever since. I loved Reggie Miller, Ric Smits, &amp; Mark Jackson! That group rarely got the pub they deserved either until they were making deep runs in the playoffs every year for a while. I think that this younger group of Pacers will have to do some damage in the playoffs this season to open some eyes @ ESPN, TBS, &amp; TNT. It's too bad though cuz they are a great young team that's exciting to watch with much promise! Don't get down that they aren't getting respect yet because their day is coming sooner then later where people will stand up and take notice that the PACERS ARE BACK!
boldin515::It's a joke how little press they're getting.
pacerpride35::I'm definitely glad they're under the radar. It's just a joke that I can see virtually every game Kobe, LeBron, Rose, Durant and Griffin play, but Indiana can't even get one nationally-televised game. I'm sure it will all change come playoff time.
younglouiE::because Pacers is an underdog team. Stop worrying about them being in the spotlight, be glad they're under the radar
ejhova217::I have rubio, george and tyson chandler on my fantasy team. Freakin 15 steals today alone
DaPhillies::Sounds like my night on Thursday when I had like 15 blocks.  My Fg% is awful though
moneyray82::Wow, I don't get how everyone is talking about how terrible the Mavs are this yr? one guy even commented they they are the worst defending champs ever? lol...calm down people its only feb, and if the season ended today the Mavs wold be the 6th seed in the west. All thing considered I think the Mavs are just fine...I mean with all the players we lost and all the injuries it could actually be much worse. Just think with three games decided by buzzer beaters against very good teams and every game outside of the first three have been very competitive. Listening to some of you guy's you would think we were in last place.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::I was at the AAC for this one. Solid came, but couldn't pull it off. It's alright though. Plenty of time  After all, it's February 4th, right? Go Mavs!
jahmarcusRuss2::quick question if anyone is still here: who should we get in the draft? i'm thinking PG or a big man to take over for jeff foster when he's done.
MarkActionJackson::Roy Hibbert's doing a solid job though.
NGplayinskillz::Pacers might trade their draft picks. But I would say get a Center if one is available.
zachrlee::Indiana's such a dangerous team and they're continually improving as the season progresses. Good job, coach Vogel. He should be Coach of the Year.
tj82b::Vogel has this team playing great D and rebounding at a great level. The team has bought into his philosophy and it's showing.
Taco with a Q::couldnt agree more
jahmarcusRuss2::Time to take care of Orlando tomorrow.
SOUTHERNELITIST::GODDD i wish we would have drafted paul george. A six ten player that can play 3 positions. He is a future star if he continues to work
T8ke_A_Picture::Dallas= the worst defending champs ever!
moneyray82::06 Miami Heat much worse...didn't even come close to making the playoffs
lcoverda::odom seemed like damage control and that has been a bust
lcoverda::too many changes. i dont know how they let chandler and the little point go
SOUTHERNELITIST::I knew paul george was going to be a star. He was a steal in the draft
johnnyx2011::And when Byrd drafted PGeorge all or most Pacer Fans got really upset. Nice job representing Fresno State George!
jahmarcusRuss2::david west scores 20, but..........5 turnovers
ptglj517::Pacers were +27 with West in the lineup in this one (highest of anyone on the team) and he had 20 points on 11 shots — that's efficiency.  I'll accept 5 turnovers especially since he managed 3 steals himself.
Taco with a Q::west will be fine....him being on the court alone helps the pacers
lcoverda::the legs just arent doing what they used to. in time i think he will regain his legs and become more consistent in that department
lcoverda::hes pressing a bit. but the fact he is still producing this soon after a knee surgery is very promising. it generally takes most players a couple years to return to normal is they ever do
jahmarcusRuss2::yeah he's looking good. just didnt want people to overlook that stat
jahmarcusRuss2::by the way, Vogel is Coach of the Year
lcoverda::they are pretty fun to watch but you hate to see people buy wins. thats why i like the pacers they are playing with a chip on their shoulders i like it
jahmarcusRuss2::forgot about VDN. man i hate the clips
lcoverda::and you know thats strictly political
lcoverda::making a good case. but it will probably be the clips coach since they have been so terrible in years past
lcoverda::dallas with odom tanking it to avoid trade isnt helping. the lakers really popped mr dashes cherry
imhungry13579::Dirk finally has a good game, and they lose.  Dallas is DONE
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::It's Feb 4th...
lcoverda::10-5 on the road is impressive especially considering some of the quality opponents they have beaten. blew the sac game but its the nba some teams are just due
johnnyx2011::Dallas won because of the energy that Chandler and Barea brought. Those 2 are gone the it is not the same anymore.
lcoverda::i feel vogul has some growing pains from time to time. plus the pacers got a little lippy after the win in boston needed to be humbled
lcoverda::cant shoot 30 percent and win on the road though teams will get some from the charity stripe at home. you cant blow a lead like that
jahmarcusRuss2::i wish we pulled out that sac game. those refs...
jahmarcusRuss2::PACERS!!!!!!!!!! only 6 losses so far
lcoverda::when the pacers lose its generally because they quit moving the ball around and start playing one on one would like to see improvements in that department but the d is improving i think they were the worst last year allowing 104 or 107 a game. they must stay healthy though
tgreeson80::That bad D was definitely a product of the style O'Brien liked to play.  And they were putrid.  Vogel seems to be a lot more D minded to me.  They have quite a few good jump shooters on the team for sure, and you are right, just as long as they're moving it around, getting open looks, they will be just fine.
Albert2007::man my Mavs have become so weak! this lockout schedule is killing them!
toxciti::The whole NBA was locked out. That excuse is not reasonable, the better team won point blank. Im a Colts fan and i promise lockout didnt cause us to suck.
imhungry13579::grandfather time is undefeated  -Sir Charles Barkley
lcoverda::and i would love to get nash. collison is a little above average at the 1. they would be scary if they had nash with collison coming in with the second team
tgreeson80::This ^, thanks thadestroyer, I just couldn't say it as well as you did.  I agree about EG, although the injuries scare me a little.  This guy is a BIG, physical guard that can get his own shot, and fill the stat sheet.  Now Nash, on the other hand, would be a rental, and commands a pretty hefty some.  I'd love to see us use our cap money a little bit more wisely.
ThaDestroyer23::Yeah I gotta disagree with you about EG too, lcoverda.  He and DJ White were class acts while at IU.  With Sampson running the team into the ground and most of the other players skipping class and smoking weed all the time, EG and DJ could have said "screw this" but they didn't.  Gordon just had an injury to his shooting hand at the time, and the character of the team fell apart around him.  Can't really hold that against him.
JShinny1983::So, who do the Pacers trade to get a 37 YEAR OLD Nash?  I'm a die hard Pacers fan.  I wish people would quit bringing up that situation.  It's stupid.
tgreeson80::*scare
tgreeson80::I think that character stuff was the product of the Bloomington environment, but thats just my opinion.  That team had their share of thugs at the time.  The health issues share me too.
lcoverda::didnt really like him with the hoosiers during his tenure
lcoverda::i dont trust eg he seems to have character and health issues and he really isnt a team player just my opinion
tgreeson80::Not necessarily endorsing us getting Nash, but a piont like that would be great.  I'm all for us going after EG in Free Agency, and moving George to the 3, although he is starting to look pretty comfy as the two, lol.
tgreeson80::With an elite point guard, this team could win championships for sure man.  Collison is definitely serviceable, but Granger and George would benefit immensely by a good one.
lcoverda::i still think the pacers should have extended mc bob and traded tyler.  tyler doesnt seem to be that great of a player at the nba level. mcroberts would have been the perfect energy guy off the bench who plays better d and can get up and down the floor to spark the crowd
frickinegg::Hansbrough is having a rough stretch, but there is no way Josh McRoberts is a better player. He can't really do anything well except for the occasional dunk.
JShinny1983::PsychoT was still under contract.  McRoberts signed out of FA.  For more money.  This freed up roughly $3 million in salary a year to sign West.  I love Jeff Foster.  He plays with intensity, rebounds, and brings intensity (much like PsychoT?).  That deal was made out of goodwill to keep Jeff within the organization post-playing career.  Its a couple million dollars that will be lost next year in order to re-sign up-coming free agents.  Let's do our homework from now on.
lcoverda::though tyler might get a few more boards but who cares when you pick up west and extend foster
TheBigHandsome40::Pacers train keeps rolling!!!!  T-bagged the Mavs just like I said they would.  Pacers are the 4th best team in the NBA.
Kobethamvp24x::Odom with another great effort...1-7, 6 points and looking a little out of shape out there too.
Zippppppp::The Lakers knew what they were doing dumping him
thewolf1616::go wolves!
Zippppppp::Also as a Canadian and therefor a huge Steve Nash fan(who isn't?) the Pacers look like a great team for him. Watching him waste away in Phoenix is rough.
JShinny1983::He's 37 years old!!!!  He'll waste away anywhere!  Not needed in Indianapolis.
tgreeson80::They probably would have the cap room for him, I'd hate to see us unload anyone though, our balance and depth has got us to this point.
Zippppppp::Yeah, it's tough to find a good team with the cap space to take him. It just really sucks watching him with the Suns right now.
RectP::Can we go ahead and extend Paul George before ESPN starts making it there agenda to push him to L.A?
Jthizz69::As a Clippers fan really don't hope that happens. but PG is great! I certainly am pushing for him to win most improved player + take over Granger's spot so they can sign Gordon to play the 2.
mwlevine::Pacers just keep showing up strong every night. Really proud of these guys right now, but stay humble and hungry, still plenty of work to do.
Zippppppp::Ahahaha Lamar Odom. Remember when everyone thought the Lakers were dumb for that trade??
thackerdoug::Paul George should be in both the 3pt shootout and dunk contest.
butlerbulldogs87::I was thinking the same thing tonight! That would be awesome.
Deven3091::Hey, D West finally had a 20 point game for the first time as a Pacer! bout time!
Taco with a Q::West doesnt need to score a high amount of points on the Pacers like he did with New O.  His presence down low is alone a big reason why the pacers are 16-6
EMarinoP13::His points have been enough, and his presence on the court has been cool, calm, and collect.  He has been a HUGE reason why the Pacers have improved this year.  So far I would say he has been one of Larry's best moves yet.
tgreeson80::I think (or hope) DW is just getting comfortable, and HEALTHY
Rody8946::paul george is a 6'8 player with long arms at the 2 guard postion.
EMarinoP13::6'10"....he supposedly grew 2 inches this summer, lol.
ThaDestroyer23::Hah, the AP recap says "Indiana won its 10th road game this season, matching Miami for the most in the NBA."  But looking at the standings, Chicago is the other team with 10 road wins... Miami has 7.  Bet that pisses off some Bulls fans  :D
butinsho::i still remember d rose missing that free throw against kansas in the championship game.
iownamicrowave::This guy wins ^^
Vis1on::Derrick Rose will never forget how the AP celebrated the Pacers' road victories.
JShinny1983::That's fine.  Rose can go off for 45.  Maybe Boozer will show up for that stupid contract.  The old Cubs' GM must've approved that deal.
Vis1on::Yawn.  The Bulls' window closed before it opened.  Not winning a title with that team.  Sorry.  Rose isn't mentally tough enough if he speaks out publicly about the P's celebrating.  Can't make free throws in the clutch.  Bulls are just well-coached.
tbomber2::he'll forget shortly after the next time we play you
DedicatedBandwagonFan631::Indiana won its 10th road game this season, matching Miami for the most in the NBA.
DedicatedBandwagonFan631::HAHA DID TERRIBLE T DO ?
tgreeson80::Well, those stats are a little misleading.  He was good early on in the year, but like I said, most teams have figured out he can shoot, so they close on him pretty quickly when he catches.  He still gets to the line frequently, which is good.  That's where most of the points have come from here lately.
tgreeson80::His game is going to have to change.  He was able to hit spot up jumpers cause noone knew he could last year.  Now people step out on him.
tgreeson80::Would be nice if Vogel drew some plays up specifically for him, cause he can most definitely be utilized man, he is talented imo.
DedicatedBandwagonFan631::he is avg 10ppg so thats not bad for a backup.. but damn 1 pt 2nite isnt great for 19mins
DedicatedBandwagonFan631::damn he had 1 pt....
wreckem tech101::Mavs will still make the playoffs
Tanner15133::ya there is still that chance that they get hot at the right time
wreckem tech101::just like last year....once the playoffs come around anything can happen
Taco with a Q::I bet Ray Allen knows now why West went to the Pacers and not the Boston AARP's
Taco with a Q::West was the type of player the Pacers needed...I was so stoked when the Pacers signed him
look2jesus::N1 Taco, West is looking like a prophet.
ThaDestroyer23::Liked  x1000
Taco with a Q::good win tonight
ty89513::poopy stinky butt
phil2357::and peepoo
tarumpaw::Leslie Knope 2012. Pawnee. :p
