ChimeraLycan::more massive numbers from potential all-star starter Lin. 32 minutes, 7 huge points, 1 incredible rebound and 2 whole dazzling assists. the league has just been put on notice!!!
Im Ignorant::Jonas should go back to europe, he is f*cking garabge. and im not even a raptors fan.
thadot1990::The fact that you're not a Raptors fan goes with the grain of your preceding comment.
rhm4jc::Wow!  While the entire starting five of the Rockets were on the floor Houston was a -35.  That's not impressive, especially when playing one of the worse teams in the NBA. Calderon destroyed Lin.
Dawan208::.....
Jeremy Lin v3.0::Jeremy Lin is obviously being hated by teammates this year.  :(
Dawan208::And Knick trolls!   Like the60 year old rhmj4jc^^^^^^
Hondo Kid::lin was born in the usa.  if scoring 38 pts  was enough to win a game let me ask u this... one on one.. tony parker or jeremy?   exactly.  tony takes it to the hoop and scores in the paint, plays defense, is quicker.  assits, fewer turnovers, etc.?  tony .  and i must be racist cause tony is french.  lmao
Mightymoose02::Clearly, we know for sure that Jeremy Lin is fully recovered from his off-season surgery. We already witnessed Linsanity and flashes of what he did last year with the Knicks when he dropped 38 points and 7 assists on the Spurs without James Harden.   Kevin McHale needs to do something about this. You can't let a guy with that much potential be a "nice guy" and defer to James Harden every game.   I think the best option is to have Jeremy Lin become the 6th man/starter. Sort of like what Harden did in OKC or what Manu does with the Spurs. Come off the bench but play important minutes and dominate the ball while the other main scorer is resting.
Dawan208::If Lin was not so timid(even if he misses-- because all bb players do on occasion!) his stats would look better.  For goodness sakes someone tell that kid to shoot when he's open.  Be like Felton (averages 8 for 19) shoot the ball then maybe he'll average at least 15 points.  For instance it seems like when he misses a layup,3 pointer,  or a perimeter shot Lin doesn't try to shoot as much!
cityhunter4::I think the Houston coaches are intimidated to limit Harden.  When Harden was at OKC there are already vibes out of lockerroom that Harden doesn't get along with coaches because he doesn't play within the system.  He simply wants to come out and shoot.  It made Kevin Durant upset, it made Westbrook upset, and it made the coaches upset.  He is the most selfish player ever and that is why OKC dumped him.  Now Houston gets a taste of his selfishness and McHale looks too wimpy to reign in on him.
accutype12::really they wanted to resign him for 50m or something lol
Taco with a Q::Kinda funny to see the Raps winning now without Barinani
OmniVersal::Well his replacement plays defense lol
CG02536::Love how nobody mentioning Calderon's TD
OmniVersal::It's been discussed. Although you'd have to dig deep in the comments.
OffensiveRebounds::Lin should not settle to being a spot up guy, he clearly can play. Stop being nice.
OmniVersal::He can play but not as a starter. He's better suited as a 6th man role at best.
OffensiveRebounds::yeah you're probably right, if he's not gonna be traded, he should be given time in the court where he can handle the ball I guess.
asdwr890::Lin haters need to get a life. You guys are just jealous because an Asian guy made it in the US. I admit Lin isn't living up to the contract so far, but it's only been a quarter into the season and he's shown signs he can do well, albeit inconsistantly as of now.  FYI, Lamar Odom or Devin Harris are getting paid just as much as Lin, but have been way less effective. How come nobody's bagging on them? Once again, race.
asdwr890::If somebody as racially proud as Steven A. Smith admits race is an issue in Lin's situation, who are you to talk?
OmniVersal::Well seeing as how this is an open forum and I have many freedoms in this country. And you actually take Stephen A. Smith serious? Next thing you're going to tell me is that Skip Bayless makes sense. I don't care how black Stephen A. is but apparently you do. Regardless of race Stephen A. says what he says because he knows people will comment about it.
asdwr890::-Devin Harris:  PPG 7.7 APG 2.5 RPG 1.8 PER 11.84  paid $8,500,000 this year -Lamar Odom: PPG 3.0 RPG 4.3 BLKPG 0.5 PER 9.38  paid $8,200,000 this year -Jeremy Lin PPG 11.0	APG 6.1	RPG 4.1	PER 13.68 paid $8,374,646 this year  OWNED
OmniVersal::Well seeing as how you obsess over NBA players' and ESPN employees races yes it does make you racist. Answer me this what race are you?
asdwr890::bringing up race in conversation makes me a racist? Then that makes Obama racist when he gave his victory speech?  Go open a book and educate yourself. I'm leaving this conversation.
OmniVersal::What does it disprove? Did you or did you not bring up race?
asdwr890::that's not the entire definition, and you know it. "Or are you ignoring them because they disprove your point?"
OmniVersal::A belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities.   And seeing how race was the first thing you brought up it matches the criteria. And I don't take candy from disturbed individuals.
asdwr890::go look up that word in the dictionary and I'll give you a lollipop.
OmniVersal::Well seeing as how you brought up Lin and Stephen A.'s races when no one else even brought it up
asdwr890::Please enlighten me and quote exactly what I said that makes me as racist?
OmniVersal::What does me being a Knicks fan have to do with anything? That still doesn't explain why you're racist though...
asdwr890::i feel like i'm talking to a 6 yr old. Oh wait, you're a Knicks fan, it all makes sense now.   PER, enough said.
OmniVersal::What does that prove? My point still stands that YOU only brought up race until it  was brought to your attention. And why are you omitting stats? What about FG % or TOs? Or are you ignoring them because they disprove your point?
OmniVersal::You ever notice how Lin supporters bring up the race card while Lin detractors bring up statistics? Who's racist again?
screwhead2305::wow we lost to the worst team in the NBA
diwalkah::Raps are not the worst team in the NBA.
OmniVersal::And 11 other times
OmniVersal::Calderonsanity?
barcodedlife::New York must be like 'thank the lord we didn't come through on that billion dollar promise'.
OmniVersal::They're too busy winning to care
m_gunners::Harden is 7 for 18 tonight......blah blah blah......
Dawan208::No comment!!!!!
m_gunners::it is so obvious that the coaching team at Houston has limited ideas on how strategize Harden/Lin combination.....i have watched every game since the start and there are just too many poor decisions made by both coaches......the 2 losses home and away to Portland in OT this season are great examples of extremely poor coaching at the Rockets...
JJWags::I hope everyone boos lin at the allstar game and yells overrated so its a message to the nba that there are more deserving players to make the allstar game than scrubs like jeremy lin harden does deserve to make it though
m_gunners::goodness gracious,are there still such low life human being like you in existence in the world these days!!!!
jason_bautista::Houston's real PG is Harden.  Lin is reduced to a spot-up shooter.  Nice Rockets.  You're wasting some talent.  Please trade him to Lakers.  At least you'll have a big man that you need.  Rockets made a choice and I hope they free him.
JJWags::he was never good
RNYC::If Lin makes the all star game he should respectfully decline.
4 Petes Sake::"Hello James."  -OKC Thunder
megdali::the raptors can be good they just have to have lowry when he comes back pair in the backcourt with jose calderon slide derozan to the 3 and put ed davis at 4 and trade bargani cause he cant rebound for his life which is a useless big
taco bell surprise::i say leave it the way it is now and  just send primo pasta back to italy
FoxKat93::I'm not a fan of Houston, but I thought they had this. Clearly, I was wrong.
rma5690::Triples doubles coming out of the woodwork against Houston.
karelp::Apparently, Lin simply can't play alongside Harden.
roll_n_riot::Lin didn't even get a Free throw Attempt WTF??  Harden's the waaaaay better spot shooter or catch and create shooter but Lin is getting put into that role???
RNYC::Lin blows
din60::Rockets sucks.
Mott the Hoop::I think JLIN goes for a big 10 points and 2 assists, while NYK win by 25 tomorrow night.
kylemcclain23::Anyone actually think Jeremy Lin deserves to be an All-star?
fred3857::He played aggresively when he held the ball,but sucked when Hardenplayed like PG.
taco bell surprise::maybe  d league
WatergateSean::Move Lowry to 2 guard and have Calderon play PG.  Move Derozan to the 3.  Also get rid of bargiani and start Davis
BossForDays::Jose Calderon should definitely start over Kyle Lowry.
wnsj89::agreed, Lowry can come in to play D and drive the basket off the bench
Bill Gates Microsoft::No
NYKnicks0123::Lmao Jose Calderon took a dump on Lin
9DiGiTCODE::Is it any wonder that the Raptors play better when the stupid Italian pylon isn't on the court.  Trade him already!
CJ From San Andreas oX Invincible Xo::It's sad how the comments on these boards are always about Lin. He's like the 5th best player ON HIS TEAM.
rEdBuLxTaSy::IT'S SAD HOW YOU'RE ALWAYS ON LIN'S NUTS IN EVERY GAME TOO.  DO YOU EVEN HAVE A LIFE BESIDES TALKING ABOUT LIN???  :):):)
Dawan208::I can answer that for you. Noooooooooooooooooooo.
Plargo::When Jose Calderon locks you down on defense, you really need to do some soul searching.
Travis_MVP_D-Arnaud_Mets2013::Lin is just average thats all Im tired of seeing people make excuses for him and say he needs to control the offense more, The guy can pull off a 30pt game night but not consistently maybe 1 every 6 games after that its back to reality. 10pts and 6assist guy
Travis_MVP_D-Arnaud_Mets2013::Lin 2 assist and 7pts? SMH garbage!
accutype12::So.... did Lin played well at all?
Plargo::CALDERON made him look like a D leaguer
BasketHasMagic::He sucks and obv he didn't
beatlepablo::this one is on Lin
genius0182::Calderon got pay back on Lin for that play last year where he hit the 3 at the buzzer.
Dawan208::You guys don't  think Asians can ball!    Check out Chris Tang.   You-tube or google him!!!!!!!  Can't wait till he gets to the next level!   Right now he's a 6'4 junior or senior in highschool ( Carmela Anthony and Rondo h.s.) man he can ball!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RNYC::high school kid lets stick with the pros but yea he looks like a legit prospect
desmond242486::another lakers lost
paduff::Lin scores 38 -- way above his average -- on the one night Harden is out. Isn't the lack of chemistry between the two glaringly obvious?
SB4LlFE::harden is a ballhog... simple as that
Legs-Diamond::It's true that Lin might benefit from having more control of the offense. But he's smart and will (will have to) adjust.
cdnpaul33::It's no surprise to me that they've finally won two in a row when both Bargnani and Lowry aren't playing.
Dawan208::Did Terrace Jones play?
gerald_5::1-7 fga, 5 TO 3 ast 2 reb lin numbers at the all star game  it was kobe's fault lin didnt win the mvp  lin fans after the game
Allstargame1850::nope its lebrons fault.
Legs-Diamond::Raps really brought it: Derozan, Calderon (triple-double), Amir Johnson (5 blocks!, 13 blocks for the team!)--good response to Bargnani's criticism.
Raptrosfan24::He really didn't say that. It was misquoted.
Dawan208::Did he really say his team was the worst team in the league?
Plargo::no he was misquoted + mistranslated
NewYorkSportsLife19::Yes
sportsdude416905::And starting at point for your western conference all-stars, JEREMY LIN!! -Houston announcer
mrmoondy::increasing his trade value
trademarktaz::Harden will never lead a team to a championship or even an NBA Finals. He's a glorified Jerry Stackhouse clone.
BasketHasMagic::he goy shaq and then gasol
Legs-Diamond::Harden's a beautiful player, but Houston is still a player short to be good.   The only ones to truly (almost singularly) lead their teams to championships: Jordan, Bird, Magic, Wilt, Kareem (in '71), Russell, ... maybe Shaq--very small group.
desmond242486::and kobe
trademarktaz::Lol I guess you're right, who ever said Harden would do any of that stuff, he's like Stackhouse on the Pistons.
gerald_5::who said he would?? first of all...  also... are fuucking kidding me with that stackhouse shiit??
UndeniableTruthTeller::Like I said earlier Rockets fans, Jeremy Lin is not the solution to your problems.
Legs-Diamond::Lin is a good enough pg if Houston gets another dynamic player. How many games has Lin started in his career(?), he's still in his first season--let him develop.
RNYC::first season so last year didn't count? Stop making excuses
NewYorkSportsLife19::They arent a bad team but yes, Lin sucks. They desperately need a good relyable BIG like Love or Millsap
NewYorkSportsLife19::Not to mention a pg, how could i forget that?
Dawan208::Ricky Rubio is sure playing good after 9 months!!!!!
NewYorkSportsLife19::What about your boy Lin?
Dawan208::He had 38 points against spurs.  He's good when he has the leadership position and when there's pic and roll set for him .   He only shot 11 times this game!
