SpursManiac4Ever::Next!
faargsob::Hollins better figure something out or the city of Memphis will have to add one more to their unemployed statistic.
AllInForLife1984::Been following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  Ive double my earnings during my first month, and made 3K during my second month using the system.
mkwan0::Duncan has had only one season where he averaged more blocks than current.  It is unreal what he is doing at age 36.  Mainstream media overlooks them, but the Spurs have all the elements to win a championship.  Only the Thunder, right now, look better.
springfresh3.1::and Kobe was whining about age
I hate Jerry Jones::Kobe is a D-bag.
nba is the worst::Who knows - maybe this year the league WON'T send Joey C to ref a Spurs elimination game...
faargsob::You commit the foul or you don't commit the foul. You flop or you don't flop. This has nothing to do with superstar respect. I have a ton of respect for Duncan, he's the greatest PF to have ever played the game. With that said he receives more than his fair share of the calls, as does Parker and Ginobili. Hell the game against the Grizz last Friday even Diaw was mugging Z Bo and Gasolwith no call. If you honestly believe that the refs were the reason the Spurs lost that series to the Grizz I can't take you very seriously.
SpursManiac4Ever::faargsob - Come on man you can't seriously be arguing that the Spurs get the bad end of officiating. I think every true NBA fan has a deep respect for the Spurs, but they most definitely benefit from officiating more than are hindered by it.  Not sure what games you're watching bro'; but Duncan is absolutely one of the most dissed superstars in the league by the refs...and if last year's mugging by the Thunder, with plenty of ref's help, coupled with the previous year's Grizz debacle, isn't enough evidence, then I don't know what to tell you.  The difference is the Spurs don't let it affect them. All they do is WIn !!
faargsob::Come on man you can't seriously be arguing that the Spurs get the bad end of officiating. I think every true NBA fan has a deep respect for the Spurs, but they most definitely benefit from officiating more than are hindered by it.
threetimechamp210::Spurs 3rd in the NBA in scoring and 1st in assists. Now if the defense can look as good as it was last night and I imagine it can only cen better with Pop running things, watch out NBA!
SpursManiac4Ever::Definitely was a welcome relief to see the D tighten up; especially in the second half. They need to bring that every night and we'll be ok.
Suzys Daddy::"The Spurs are the only active franchise with a .500 or better record in the regular season against every existing NBA team."  Wow! The last fifteen years have been quite a run.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::The Spurs have the best win % of any pro sports franchise (NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL) over the last 15 years.  The top three active players in the NBA with the highest win % are Duncan, Parker, and Ginobili.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
nba is the worst::But is it true, or BS?
rynospurs21::Grizz need a game against the Lakers to get off this losing streak.
nba is the worst::TD with 5 blocks - WOW!
WeAreTheMenInBlack::BLOCK PARTY!!!
clipctb::Memphis can really push the Spurs if they can get Bayless going.  I think Hollins could have posted up Bayless against Mills and let Bayless use that big body to attack the paint more.  Grizzlies and Spurs can be quite the rivalry if Hollins on his A-game!
nba is the worst::Bayless is 6'3"...
I hate Jerry Jones::I was scratching my head on that one too....LOL
dsddksldksdkl::grizzlies 28 points in 2nd half...this team is below avg and record will show soon
No-account drifter::That's a puzzler, since they have the #3 SOS right now. If they were bad, you'd think their record would already show it.
dsddksldksdkl::grizzlies are funny to watch lol
No-account drifter::Spurs back on top of the Hollinger stat-based rankings. 2nd toughest SOS (Thunder have weakest in the West) and 5 more road games so far than Thunder or Clips.
MijoMartinez::Why do people talk to that one guy? I don't think it'll change anything, he may get off on the responses he gets from people, who knows?   Anyway, they didn't show the game here but I was nice to get that mental edge back. If I could wear civies, the jersey would be on non-stop.
Hondo Kid::Grizz shoot 28 free throws to spurs 10.  And spurs still win by 21.   Nice payback after losing to grizz in o.t. last time.  Okc and miami win big tonight too.  And new orleans wins in boston by 12.   Love nba tues and thurs.  Whenever there is is full schedule.   Go spurs
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Yup...payback is sweet!
dolfan2949::LA Lakers	17	21 ========= now do you understand slam_dick_in_the_face's dilemma?
No-account drifter::The only thing I can figure is he's in the placebo group.
dolfan2949::he's too stupid for that; you have to have a minimum IQ level of 75....
No-account drifter::"The Spurs are the only active franchise with a .500 or better record in the regular season against every existing NBA team."
dolfan2949::Poor slam_dick_in_the_face.......  no Kobme milk tonight. That's why he's such a sourpuss...... LOL
cooltapes777::30 wins at half-way mark. not bad at all.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Yup...and the second-half schedule is much easier for the Spurs.  60 wins, easy.
Hondo Kid::Go ahead doofus.  Tell us how the spurs over rated and going to lose Friday.  30-11.  Yeah spurs are just fine.
Noon.::Ever since Memphis hired Hollinger they suck. LOL
slam_dunk_on_u::Wow these 2 teams are so boring...so boring that there are only 880 responses
Nerissa2525::A bitter fan of a team that wont make the playoff ...poor you
No-account drifter::Ever have one of those inflatable clown punching bags that you'd pound and pound and pound, and it would keep bouncing up with that same mindless smile on its face?
dolfan2949::Oh there he is... Kobme's milking machine. LOL  How's it feel to be so wrong so often punk a$$?
slam_dunk_on_u::make that 882 LOL
Vaquero In The House::Hey Dumbo, how's your mama doing tonight?  I see the Lickers didn't play tonight!
AustinBeal::boring enough to draw trolls here apparently
Hondo Kid::Now on to beat the warrior on Friday. Go spurs
Hondo Kid::Spurs are the only nba team.   that has a winning regular season record against every existing  team.  Who was that idiot that predicted gizz would beat spurs.  You know the one .  Yeah that one
dolfan2949::he can't help it, his brain is warped from drinking too much Kobme milk...  LOL
AustinBeal::Quote of the Night:  "Tim Duncan is 3rd in the league in Blocks per game and he can barely jump over a stamp."  - Sean Elliot
No-account drifter::Loved him as a player, will forgive him as an announcer.
Hondo Kid::Some people think sean is a homer. Yeah he roots for the spurs but if there's a bad call or someone gets away with one he tells it like he sees it.  Both ways either team.  I think he's pretty cool
dolfan2949::Ninja does have a way with words...  :0)
HookemHorns1957::Maybe the best game on both sides of the ball the Spurs have played so far this year, and against a very tough Griz team.   Of any team in the West, the Griz is not who I want to see SA have to play in the playoffs.
mkwan0::This game was nice, as the grizz worry me more than the clippers.  Just more mental toughness
SpursManiac4Ever::I have to disagree. The Clips are a far more formidable opponent by far.
Justinkm83::Last 2 games  O. Mayo: 18 Pts, 6 Reb, 8 Ast, 2 Stl, 1 Blk  O. Mayo: 20 Pts, 7 Reb, 9 Ast, 2 Stl..
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::miss him
MilesAboveYou::SA= Regular season team.
dolfan2949::Fail!!!!!!!!!!!
dolfan2949::slam_dick_in_the_face = Kobme milk depository
No-account drifter::4-0 in finals. Top that.
slam_dunk_on_u::MilesAboveYou - SA= Regular season team.  -----------------------------  Playoff CHOKERS
Complaint Dept.::Ho mo choker!^^^
slam_dunk_on_u::MilesAboveYou - SA= Regular season team.  -----------------------------  Playoff CHOKERS
SpursManiac4Ever::slam_dunk_on_u - MilesAboveYou - SA= Regular season team.  -----------------------------  Playoff CHOKERS  "Chokers"? Please tell me that a guy who gets off on Kobe's junk didn't just call someone else a "choker"....   LOL
Nerissa2525::slam_dunk_on_u - MilesAboveYou - SA= Regular season team.  -----------------------------  Playoff CHOKERS  yeah chokers SPURS got 4 rings
dolfan2949::slam_dunk_on_u - HookemHorns1957 - Too bad your Fakers won't even make the playoffs, they decided to choke right out of the gate. --------------------------- Sure about that?  Yeah, positive!!!!!!!!!!!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::HookemHorns1957 - Too bad your Fakers won't even make the playoffs, they decided to choke right out of the gate. --------------------------- Sure about that?
slam_dunk_on_u::HookemHorns1957 - Too bad your Fakers won't even make the playoffs, they decided to choke right out of the gate. --------------------------- Sure about that?
HookemHorns1957::Too bad your Fakers won't even make the playoffs, they decided to choke right out of the gate.
HookemHorns1957::Crawl back under your bridge, troll.
mkwan0::Ten game win streak in playoffs last year.  Multiple rings with this core.  Your statement is provably false
Complaint Dept.::Grizzlies = NO RINGS!
Hoeesayy::Game 6 of the WCF. GFY.
Grindhouse2413::We played it close in the first half and then it was all Spurs in the second. Another tough dam loss. We win four in a row and then lose three in terrible fashion. WTF. Ok, we have the Kings on Friday at the Grindhouse. We destroyed them last game, lets get back on track with that game. Well done Spurs.
No-account drifter::Grizz are going to be there at the end, and nobody is going to want to see them. Nobody.
SpursManiac4Ever::I'll take that bet, you're gonna regret, 'cause Spurs are the best that's ever been!   LOL
dolfan2949::Nobody?  LOL   Wanna bet?
bluekaze21::good game man. wouldnt worry about the Grizz, they are a tough tough team
knight_rider_1984::On to the next and as always Love,Peace, and ....Grind
minick_man83::I guess this settles it
knight_rider_1984::Things will get better
pedrobear1::Dang i wish I had the chance to watch the game. Can't read what happened because people are to so emotional. Fire hollins, trade everbodt, castrate bayless. Did zach get hurt or something
No-account drifter::The Bayless thing might help.
AustinBeal::He got hurt at the very end, but honestly the Spurs played an absolute perfect game tonight, don't feel bad about the Grizz, they're just a good team that's in a rut at the moment. They'll be alright.
SpursManiac4Ever::Don't sugar coat it bro'; Grizz have NO CHANCE against the Spurs; reg season or playoffs.
pedrobear1::i'm not lol
knight_rider_1984::just a lower back strain
mdupnic09::near the end, back injury
Titans_ are_ Oilers::yeah, i saw jordan.
knight_rider_1984::"hey guys I traded the wash machine for Rudy Gay"- Jackie Moon
Titans_ are_ Oilers::lebron is probabably going to be the best  any one will ever see!!!
wallywallas::Think Jordan ever acted this much like a p%ssy? Never!
wallywallas::Exhibit A: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZpGKC62qvs
mkwan0::Holy crap, that's just sad.  This guy is the King?
wallywallas::LeFlop James? Keep dreamin'.
Hoeesayy::Leflop? Really? When do you ever see him flop? Take your bitterness somewhere else
SPURZWARZ1.5::Lebron is on fire tonight!
Nerissa2525::Use to hate him but he is just awesome I guess between Kobe and him Lebron can hurt you in both scoring and passing...
Hoeesayy::I'm watching to see him get 20,000
bluekaze21::imho, a Young Tim Duncan equals THE franchise player. the resume speaks for itself.  no other player not named jordan (and maybe magic) in history id take to build a team around. ill even take him over shaq.
Nerissa2525::Tim Duncan is a special player nothing flashy but he gets the job done...love my spurs they define the word TEAM
2pacNasir::Greatest PF of all time hands down. Ppl who say Garnett or Dirk or Barkley are better are crazy, Malone was only better scoring the ball and that was due to Stockton. When you want to show any kid who wants to be a basketball player what they should be like just show them a picture of Timmy. IK u said basketball players aren't role models Chuck but I think Timmy D is proof that some are.
No-account drifter::There is an argument for Barkley. He did all the thankless dirty work, too, and better than anyone ever has. That wide body kept people out of position, off balance, out of room. He really was something. Much better hands than any current PF. I still give it to Duncan, but it's not crazy to mention Barkley in the same sentence.
wallywallas::Champion, team first mentality, stays out of trouble. Yes, definitely.
bluekaze21::plus excellent on both O and D. and listens to his coach!
FrankPisFACTio211::Absolutely.
Titans_ are_ Oilers::Lebron should be on every team.
Nerissa2525::Bobcats will like that!
No-account drifter::Could you imagine, though? Duncan, James, Leonard, Ginobili, Parker?
dolfan2949::no. he's too Kobme like for the Spurs.....we don't take selfish players.
wallywallas::Except the Spurs. They've won 4 championships without him, thank you very much. (Taking one away from him in the process, lol)
pedrobear1::lol how bad did Bayless play? I'm reading the message board and this is what popped up  Things That Are More Useful Than Jerryd Bayless: a cup with a hole at the bottom of it a car that only goes backwards a shower head that only gives out acid Wayne Ellington's pump fake Luke Walton The casket that holds Manti Teo's girlfriend
RobShort21::lmfao @ the last one
SPURZWARZ1.5::Amen!
No-account drifter::Spurs first team to the half-way point, 2nd in SOS. Probably better than their record.
UTRAssassins::they should have divisional all star teams that play in a tournament. tony parker james harden eric gordon Dirk  Timmy
Wigman808::That team *may* be good enough to beat the Heat....  And I am not a Heat fan, just acknowledging how good they are.
mdupnic09::put a defensive wing in there for gordon or harden, and that team would destroy the Heat. it wouldn't even be close. the team above would probably still beat the heat, the only problem being who would guard lebron
Hoeesayy::It's a shame that TD won't start in the All-Star game, more than likely.
SPURZWARZ1.5::Grizzlies ended up as Gentle Ben!
Titans_ are_ Oilers::TEXAS is better than..........?  Oh yeah i said that!!!!
RHL6788::Nice beat down tonight!! That should quiet those Arrogant Grizzly fans!!
Nerissa2525::Really nice statement from the SPurs!!! take that Grizzly fans
FrankPisFACTio211::Jon Barry is HORRIBLE as a color-commentator.
UTRAssassins::Tim Duncan is the best big man in the league
joemcleod83::another no-brainer.
Aaron81963::San Antonio Spurs&gt;the So-Called Dream Team LA FAKERS
UTRAssassins::this is quite obvious
Aaron81963::TIMMY D&gt;DWIGHT HOWARD
joemcleod83::this year that's a no-brainer.
