WOOPZZZ::this game was an easy win. the rockets coaching lost this game.
Ismael0627::After the game against the Lakers, I can't forget the horrible coaching blunder leaving Lin out the entire OT. Now the rockets lost some confident on last night's game against LA....  Sampson pays the price for ruining Lin's double double night
WOOPZZZ::they didnt even mention jlin and his 11 assists in the recap. whatsupwitdat??
no1streaker::GENIUS COACHING!!!  I bet Sampson went home thinking "well, we came closer to winning than last time versus Portland in OT.  We lost the game, sure, Douglas went 0-4 and allowed 5 points but he did better than Lin would have done bc we only lost by 2.  Yeah, Douglas played well."  LOSER.
no1streaker::Sampson is a smart-$@% punk.  I came to the game to see an NBA team, and he decides to put a Dleauge player in for OT.  In the 5 minutes of OT, there was no transition game, only one-on-one offense, with Douglas going 0 for 4 from the field and not setting anyone up.  Lilliard shot 2 of 3 for 5 points.  "Tony played real well".  Did you mean the previous game where he shot 4 of 6 from the field?  Or his career game as a Knick when he made 9 three's?  Douglas will show up like once a month and give you a lift, meanwhile for the other 29 days, he's a D-league player.
pistol111847::Lillard scored 5 of Portland's 8 points in OT. Houston offense sucked in OT without Lin (I'm sorry but neither Douglas or Harden can run the offense). Nice coaching move Sampson.  BTW Batum scored 35 points - why didn't Parsons get benched?
setrue::Current Houston offense resembles Knicks of last year, WHICH even they have abandoned this year!  Harden is NOT a PG and TD is not a SG who can make a shot to save his life.  Current Rockets coaches particularly Sampson is in over their heads.  They are being out coached in almost every tight game.  This offense will not work, bring in Jerry Sloan as D'antoni is already taken.
npse6636::Jlin should let Sampson understand clearly that he is the starting PG, not  TD.  You win or lose the game by playing your starting players. If you played your back up players and lost, you'd better have a good explanation. Or...
cityhunter4::Lin really needs to work on his shots.  If they don't fall then teams won't let him drive.  If Lin's shots are falling then teams have no choice but step up more and that gives him opportunity to blow by people.
xsamc1::The biggest difference I see between last year and this year is his shooting motion. It's really slowed down, as if he's shooting in slow motion. And he needs to stop taking 3s. That's not his game. Just pump fake and step closer to the rim for a higher percentage shot.
cityhunter4::Guys, as a die-hard Knicks fan (I'm rooting for Lin and that's why I'm here) that has followed the Knicks I can tell you definitively that TD is NOT a defensive-player.  Sampson is either nuts or prejudice against Lin.  The only reason TD stuck around on the Knicks for awhile is because Mike D'Antoni likes his aggressiveness on offense.  But even under D'Antoni eventually he benched TD for.... you guessed it, Jeremy Lin, that should tell you all you needed to know about TD.  Finally, when Mike Woodson took over, he emphasized defense, and so he reshuffled the PG depth chart with that in mind, and you guessed it, TD was basically down to be the 4th PG on the team behind Lin, Davis, and even Mike Bibby.  So in short the Rockets have a coach that thinks TD is better than Lin when everyone on the Knicks realized TD is just a wild player on offense (can't really shoot straight) and stinks on defense.  Yet Sampson benched Lin for an entire quarter for this guy?  LOL
no1streaker::I predict Lin will come around.  Right now he's missing two things he did fairly well last year: 1.  the quick first step 2.  in-rythm shooting... he's just out of sync right now  He is tentative for several reasons: 1.  He's not as quick as he was last year.  He's still coming around on the knee injury 2.  He's in a slump and lost confidence in his shot 3.  Harden has taken over the point in the half-court offense 4.  He doesn't want his TO numbers to go up so he isn't as agressive 5.  He's spending a lot of energy on defense
no1streaker::Sampson's real smart, putting in Douglas who is a career journeyman in for Lin in OT when, after the OT period was done, Lin had played 34 minutes, Douglas 22 with Lin doing most of the guarding of Lillard.    Douglas played well in OT, grabbing one rebound, no dish, and went 0 for 4 from the field.  REAL WELL.  Here is the defensive comparison between Lin and Douglas guarding Lilliard:  Lin  Allowed 10 points (on 4-9 shooting plus two free throws) Douglas Allowed 11 points (on 4 of 9 shooting)  Throw in the fact that Lin drew 2 fouls defending his man, blocked two shots, 1 steal versus Douglas 2 steals...  who had the better defensive game by the time 48 minutes had passed??  And Lin grabbed 6 boards along with mezmerizing passes for 11 assists in regulation.... UH, no, you put in a journeyman below average player in for OT.  GREAT DECISION KELV.
NguyenDragon::Douglas should not even be on the team... I knew dropping Livingston was a mistake... Promote Machado ASAP...
Rdiu::Sampson for coach of the year!!!!!!!
Dawan208::You must be a trailblazer's fan!
whatsdoing::funny that jeremy lin said no to MSG..... what, too soon?
49ersGoat::Knicks haven't won anything yet.
whatsdoing::my expectations have not risen yet.... i am a fan but always a realist.
xsamc1::He didn't say no. Knicks told him to test the market and they decided not to match what the Rockets offered.
whatsdoing::put it back into the holster... it was just a joke.  sensitive much?  i wish the kid well always have but if bringing him back to NYC was going to have a negative effect on the locker room then maybe the Knicks did the right thing.  also between the interviews/articles written about him I cant tell if he wanted to come back or not... lin seems to be all over the map on that regard.
whatsdoing::or maybe too late?
tungcn2010::Being a Lin fan, I'll admit that he hasn't played great this season. Yes, there's a scouting report on him now, opposing teams double team him every time he drives in, thus he has to pass every time. Still he's just being too passive. It's as if he's afraid to be aggressive because he wants to keep the "team concept".
NguyenDragon::The ball isn't coming back once Harden has it...
Glenagglenag::so basically harden wants to be the pg and lin has to be a spot up shooter or td is gonna replace him? it doesn't make sense to me. trade lin to some other teams that need a starting pg then. let harden be a sg, pg or whatever he wants. this feels like MEloball all over again...smh
setrue::The current offense does not allow Lin to be a true PG.  He is not passive but just playing his role in badly designed offensive sets.  Cannot blame Lin, he trying to be a team player.  But I blame Houston coaches.  They have made him a Derek Fisher.  He just hands Harden the ball and runs to a corner to spot up.   He's is not allowed to run the team.  Iso for Harden is equal to iso for Melo.  It will not work as Knicks have found out.
xsamc1::Harden's pretty much playing the role of the PG for about 75% of the possessions when they're on the floor together at the same time. Considering the fact that Harden is more talented offensively than Lin, it makes sense. The problem is, Lin isn't a very good spot up shooter while Harden is. That's the issue. Either Lin has to improve his spot up shooting or Douglas is going to get more PT. It's obvious that Sampson is going to put the game in Harden's hand so Lin has to adjust his game.
setrue::Again I say, stop the Harden ISO, even Melo has learn it does not win games. Let Lin be the PG to run the offense or ship him Lakers who will use him correctly. Morey you want Gasol, make a deal with Mitch. D'antoni would love to have a Nash/Lin on his team.less
setrue::Sampson lame excuse is TD is better on defense?   Ahh, Lin+/- PER  last night was +5 and TD was -6  Points Per Possession Allowed Jeremy Lin - 0.71 (50th in the NBA of ALL positions)  Toney Douglas - 0.87 (151st in the NBA of ALL positions)  Name a good coach who would sit his starting point guard in OT when has 11 assist, 11 pts. and not injured?    Stop the Harden ISO, even Melo has learn it does not win games.  Let Lin be the PG to run the offense or ship him Lakers who will use him correctly.  Morey you want Gasol, make a deal with Mitch.  D'antoni would love to have a Nash/Lin on his team.
imperviouz::You have a PG that helps with the rebound chores.. bench him please
thaisport_sf::Rockets just need some time to gel with each other. Give them a little time and they should be fine. Plus it's early in the season.
xsamc1::It's how they played the first game and why they were so good together.
imperviouz::i don't see why they can take turns giving the other a screen? Do a double freaking screen for pete's sake. First screen Lin/Harden, if he gets open pass. If not get another screen from Asik or some big guy. It's quite simple really.
xsamc1::That's the excuse Sampson gave after the game but the reality is, Tony doesn't need the ball to play his game. Harden and Lin do. Whenever you see both Harden and Lin run the floor, when one has the ball, the other guy doesn't know what to do.
xsamc1::I agree. It's too early to jump off the bandwagon but Harden and Lin's game are too similar to be effective when played together. I hate to say it but I think Sampson will continue to give more minutes to Tony and keep Lin on the bench so Harden can gel with the team.
CBass1317::It's all about defense.  Nothing to do with Harden and Lin not gelling.
pistol111847::I hate to say it(or believe it) but there appears to be so much anti-Asian prejudice in the NBA that Lin may never reach his potential.
Wonderfulsmells::I'm willing to bet that there are more people rooting for Lin than against him,  I feel like it's because he's asian. I think it's racist to root for someone just because of their race. *Cough* Obama *Cough*
Dawan208::Lillard got 3 out of his 4 3pt shots up in when Lin was not defending.  2 were when Douglas was defending him and the others by Parson!
xsamc1::It's funny reading some of the headlines from last nights game. They make it sound like Lillard scored all his points with Lin defending him. Not sure what game they were watching.
Dawan208::I agree.  So many calls that weren't given to Lin.   Especially that ball that went out of bounds and was rewarded to the other team, when Lin did not even touch it!
xsamc1::Lin plays defensive differently than Douglas. While Douglas is up in your face, Lin prefers to give a bit more space and try to anticipate the dribble or pass. That's why Lin has so many more steals than Douglas. But Douglas' D is more disruptive and I think that's why Sampson went with Douglas in OT.
imperviouz::His defense is fine dude. If the other team do a switch, Lin can still defend a much bigger guy. Case in point.. Lin did pretty well defending lebron on the switch.
CBass1317::I am sure they would prefer not to.  But Lillard's shooting makes him a tough cover.  They go under and he gets the three he wants. Douglas chasing leads to an open lane and more problems with rotation.  At least Douglas makes it hard for him to set the play up.  Ideally, Douglas gets high and makes it difficult for Lillard to use the pick and the Blazers are forced to regroup with 10 on the shot clock.  In contrast, Lin creates no problems, or at least he was not last night (see second to last play in regulation -- Lillard dribbles directly to his spot on the base line and sinks a 12 footer, easy shot as if Lin was not there).
xsamc1::But why switch? That's the whole reason Sampson put Douglas in there, to defend Lillard.
CBass1317::Its fine assuming there is a bigger guy.  But when it is the quick PGs doing the damage, i.e. the entire western conference (Paul, Parker, Conley, Westbrook, Curry, Lillard, Rubio, Dragic, Collison, Nash), Lin has trouble.  Last night is an example.  When Douglas was on Lillard, Blazers ran the Batum P&amp;R just to get a switch so Lillard could operate.  When Lin was on Lillard, they did not even bother. Lin plays too far off to bother the jumper, and if he steps up, Lillard went past.  He is not terrible or anything, but defending quick PGs is the weakest part of his game, and he will face alot of them.  He makes up for it a bit by rebounding well, but most PG rebounds would have gone to a big anyways, just helps start the break quicker.
CBass1317::you are really stuck on this aren't you?  The dude is starting and averaging 35 minutes a game.  Doesn't sound like much of a conspiracy to me.  His defensive deficiencies are pretty glaring as well, so 35 is about right.
ninemensmorrris::We need to fire the "temporary coach".  No reason to put Lin in the bench in OT. And Douglas was 0-4.
tungcn2010::End of 4th quarter and OT was unbearable to watch. My only focus was thinking about what the hell Kelvin Sampson was doing. Please fire this numbnut of a coach!!!
bannedacctsam::Last year, Toney Douglas was the 4th string pg behind Lin, Baron Davis, and Mike Bibby. Now Toney gets the call over Lin in OT? Good coaching' Sampson! Toney went 0-4 in OT!
CBass1317::Lin's pick and roll defense is laughably bad.  The dude is dangerous on offense, but he needs to focus on D.  Too many lightening quick PGs in the league right now -- this could be a real problem for the Rox late in games.
pistol111847::So Batum had 35 points and Aldridge had 29 but Lin was benched when Lillard had 22.
Dawan208::And most of those points were against Douglas and Parsons defending him!
ericson168::You know too much.
wHiTeTiGeR586::"It's obvious from last night's game, I'm not the one who needs a mental exam"~~ Royce White :)
tungcn2010::Neither White or Sampson passed that exam.
lakers will be 2013 champs::lillard for roy and asik for most improved player.
CBass1317::Safe bet there.  Batum is making a run at most improved as well though.  Both living up to their paydays.
Ismael0627::I wonder how bad the chemistry ending up when the Lakers game starts tomorrow.....? It'll be too late to recover from this clusterfk of a loss due to bad coaching decision.
lyang912::So if lets say Harden is having a bad defensive game one night, would coach also take him out at the end of game and replace with Delfino the backup? HELL No, so why they think they can do that to Lin the starting PG? Total disrespect man, no wonder he refuse post game interview. I hope he uses this insult as fuel to show everyone how wrong a decision that was to take him out of OT.
CBass1317::Lin was getting scorched by Lillard.  If it wasn't for Morris' heroics, Lillard would have had the game winner right over Lin, without even much effort, and we would be talking about Lin's revolving door defense losing the game for the Rox.  Blazers just shot well -- Rox fans need to calm down on finding a scape goat.
pistol111847::Let's hope they don't destroy his self-confidence. And I agree - probably BOTH.
pistol111847::Was it stupidity or prejudice?
wHiTeTiGeR586::It's definitely stupidity and 99% likely prejudice :)
wHiTeTiGeR586::Being Asian has ALOT to do with Lin being bench the way he has.  Any black starter being bench like that, would DEFINITELY sent an OUTRAGE throughout the league.  Being a minority, there will ALWAYS be doubters and haters alike.  FIRE that $@% Sampson for his stupidity!
lyang912::I hope this loss settles the question who should be playing PG in future OTs and down the stretch.
pistol111847::Lillard scored 5 points in OT - 1 point per minute with defensive "stoppper" TD guarding him. He would have had 42 points if he scored at that rate the whole game. Point is he scored at a higher rate against TD than Lin and the Rockets offense was terrible in OT without a point guard.
CBass1317::Look at the possessions.  Blazers were running pick and roll w/ Batum to get a switch when TD was on him, because TD was playing good D.  When Lin was on him, Lillard would just go to work one on one.  Did you watch Lillard just walk Lin into the post and sink the 12 footer on him with 10 secs to go?  Talk about terrible defense.
Ally28074::I saw LMA do P&amp;R for Lillard all night when Lin guard Lillard. I didn't see Lillard work one on one on Lin that much. TD and Parsons gave Lillard more points than Lin. Why did you only bash Lin?
nba is the worst::Looks like Batum had quite a game!
pistol111847::Yeah - why didn't the Rockets bench the person guarding him?? After all he had 35 points and Lillard had 27.
tungcn2010::edited
virtu11b::Houston Floppets
bbears88::Lillard had all Blazers points except three in OT, while TD guarded him and had two missed shots.  Guess who you saw first to shake TD's hand at the end of the game: Jeremy Lin
sam 787::I can't believe Lin don't take many shots as he was under Woodson. And Felton shoots more than Melo.
NguyenDragon::I am not sure if that is a coach decision or his personality but he needs to be more aggressive... It seems like he tries to focus on being a good teammate instead of the leader...
wHiTeTiGeR586::After being bench in OT in this game, you can safely say it has ALOT to do with the coaches decisions.  FIRE those PO.S dumbA$$!
CBass1317::Harden looked like a fish out there with all the flopping.  I am a fan of his, but he needs to tone that ish down.  Its why people hate the NBA.
ovechkinsgoal::i would like to trade the wizards for the blazers, please
NguyenDragon::Can someone remind me what the "genius" Morey got for trading Batum to Portland?
CBass1317::Darrel Aurthur, baby!
natsthecat::As a Blazer fan, whoever it was, I'd like to give him a big hug.
Treydey10::I think Joey Dorsey was in that trade as well.
sam 787::FACT:  Among PG, Lin is 3rd STL, 2nd RBD, and 2nd BLK
sam 787::I know, I know  DRose, Rubio and Nash are out.  But the Rocket is limiting Lin to take shot.
CJ From San Andreas 2013::FACT:  Among PG Lin isn't top 15
Dawan208::Where are your stats dummy.  When you get on this blog you never have stats CJ.
CBass1317::That is true.  But that value is sucked away by his uniquely bad defense.
Miyon34::And I want to say some of Lin's value is not reflected in stats...He makes his teamates better.He is unique.
sam 787::FACT :  Lin is TOP 17, but in fact he should be Top15 because K Lowry(1st) and J.Nelson(13th) don't play more than 4 games.
RNYC::U Lin fan boys starting to see the light yet?  He's average nothing special, and gets treated as such.
TheFeedMachine::He gets paid like an average PG also.
NguyenDragon::Where are those Lin haters that were calling for Douglas to start?  Why is that guy still on the team?  Promote Machado at least he is not a chucker...
Sirlagsalot00::Don't blame TD too much. He's at fault as much as Parsons. Lillard scored those shots off switches between TD/ Parsons. Parsons didn't switch back and he gave lillard too much space for the jumpers cause if he closed in he would just blow by him
cityhunter4::Sampson is a  joke tonight.  Not because he benched Lin, but because the alternative is inferior than Lin.  If the replacement is a defensive-specialist then at least I can understand the move.  However, Toney Douglas is never known for his defense and is only known for his aggressiveness on offense (he took more shots than Lin, what a joke).  Sampson should take full responsibility for the loss tonight in my opinion.  You don't bench your starting PG in OT when the alternative is an all-around inferior player.
JackieMoonsexxxy::Sampson should be evaluated for mental health exam!  - Royce White
virtu11b::Houston Floppers
NguyenDragon::Flagged for stupidity...
Rdiu::miss me?  --Kevin McHale
Lorenzomax7::"That's ridiculous!!"  - Carmelo Anthony @ July, 2012 . . . . .  "That's ridiculous!!"  - Rockets fans @ Nov, 2012
JustinTimeHeHe::Wow. Recent doscoveries are coming to prove we(humans) are not from planet earth, we just live on her. Is mother earth really our mother? Or an adopted mother?
zachrlee::Lillard is a beast....or is he a beast only because Jeremy Lin's guarding him?
Strobes503::yeah, Chris Paul is the best PG in the league. Damian Lillard is a rookie who plays better than many seasoned vets. CP3 still has the upper hand, but damn am I glad Portland finally has it's PGOTF!   Rip City!
NguyenDragon::Lillard is a good young player regardless of who is guarding him...
big145fly::ask Chris Paul
woodylamb::Lillard is a very talented player. He was on a hot roll. You can't stop him but only minimize his damage to your team. Trying to stop him with Tong Douglas and replaced Lin was a double jeopardy.
Lorenzomax7::lack of interior threat is the reason why Rox had this game lost.  whoever was guarding Lillard needed to step back a lil bit to avoid Lillard to drive in and make Asik fouled out.
sam 787::Even Mike Woodson didn't bench Lin at the crunch time last season,   Sampson must be insane. People must blame him, not Toney. TD don't expect this.
big145fly::I think you Houston fans should calm down. Give credit where credit is due; D-Lil is a beast and it didn't matter who played him, he was going to take over that game..
NguyenDragon::Douglass is a joke... He has one good game and now thinks he can play...
KSJezz1::WTH are these highlights ?  Not even a mention of Batum...
natsthecat::Batum is amazing..just amazing.
phijef1971::I thought they would at least show the block Batum had on Harden at the end, but nothing.  Don't get me wrong...I love Lillard, but Batum needs to be shown respect.
Lorenzomax7::Cuz he is a French. lol unfortunately.
