Alex Holden::Portland Trailblazers all day everyday. No matter what they record is, if your a die hard true Blazer fan like my status.????
Don Layton::If my WHAT is a die hard Blazer fan?
Fred M. King::Thank you Blazers....at last a game I don't have have my heart restarted after it's over.  Not good for an old man's heart!
Meron Foto::Man.... hear hear.
Don Layton::If Portland wins this game AND Alabama loses it's game - my night and my work will be done here.
Ian Brennan::You forgot to mention the NBA record they set last night! First team in NBA History to have TWO games in a season with 20 or more Treys...and guess what the season isn't even half way over!! Haters, Hate! Simply throwing Fuel on the Fire for Portland and RIP CITY!! Get Em Zers!!'
Kevin Walker::coming from a fellow blazers fans, lets not be like heat fans and spout the word "hater" after every sentence...  portland could win 5 championships in a row, the media will only ever respect a handful of teams. thats just the way the league is operated.
Alex Holden::Dang if it wasn't for those free throws Portland would have won by almost 60 PTS.
Tim Gourley::Is it just me or is Meyers Leonard actually improving?
Don Layton::Like I keep telling people - he's going to be good but it's going to take him another couple of years. Be patient.
Joseph Rampone::Don Layton He will never be a starting caliber center in the NBA IMO, but he has improved enough to the point where he is actually contributing on the court. He seems to have gained some confidence after he got back in the rotation. We don't need him to be that good though, we just need him to rebound and defend. And he can actually shoot which spreads the floor even more.
Don Layton::Joseph Rampone I have a small problem with that statement. How does anyone know how good he will be? He's huge, is an athletic freak, can shoot from distance or get aggressive inside. He can definitely rebound - has shown it in spurts. Name another NBA center right now with those attributes. I guess Chris Bosh if you're going to call him a center.  I know he has a long way to go but 90% of it's in his head. Those things can be learned and he's young. I think he has a long way to go, but I also think he has a very high ceiling.
Trevor Hennington::This is one hell of a merciless beating.
Kia Dat Slimbby::BLAZERS ALL DAY BABYYYYY
Joshua Baker::Wow.  Crazy gap already.   Blazers have six games against sub .500 teams coming up.  Let's see if they keep up their strong play or play down to the competition like they used to do.
Meron Foto::That''s what I'm liking about this team. They might be struggling playing some D..... but they usually beat teams that are below .500.
Joseph Rampone::I think it is late enough in the season now to say, officially, that these Blazers are not the same as the ones who lost on the road and played down to subpar opponents in years past. 11-1 vs the East.
Meron Foto::Our offense is one of the best in the league. We just have to play a little above average D...... then this team will be tough to beat.
Kia Dat Slimbby::I THANK WE SHOULD JUS CALL THEM CATS NOW....THEY WHOOPED THE BOB OFF THEY ASSSSSSSESSSS...LOL
Jonas Sapienza::That or the Kittens.
Don Layton::Jonas Sapienza Nope. Just call them Bob.
Rhys Williams::Imagine Charlotte right now without the 24 personal fouls and the 32 FTs. lol
Robbie Simpson::This would have been a great game for CJ to play in. Hopefully the D league does him good.
Meron Foto::CJ will play his first NBA game next week against Kings.
Meron Foto::OK Blazers---- its time to learn on how to keep a huge lead and finishing strong.
Nolan Waters::didnt they win by 30 though??
Meron Foto::You are replying with that comment way too late man. I actually made that comment during the game :)
Ktm DirtFace::Who "gets buckets"  oh lillard, not that uncle drew character.
Alex Holden::Holy crap Portland only shot 6 free throws.????????
Aaron G. Carlucci::7 but whose counting hahahahahaha Go Portland Trail Blazers
Don Layton::When you shoot all those 3s, you're not gonna get a lot of fouls called.
Nolan Waters::Don Layton who needs the trips to the foul line when you are hitting from three like the Blazers were
Ryan Sanada::RIP CITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sean Daugherty::ooh, nail biter
Aaron G. Carlucci::lmfao
Christopher Allan Black::Blowout win for the Blazers, but Blazer fans have to be concerned with the defense, yeah they scored 134 point, but 63 of those points were from made threes, You can't tell me that the Blazers will make 21 per game, they will have nights where the three will not be falling. Plus the Cats scored 104 points with no shooters, Blazers ain't gonna make it far in the playoffs with D like that.
Silas Reyes::when you can score like Portland, your opponent will get more shots up which leads to more points allowed. Charlotte only shot 43%.
Eric Loftin::You mean like how Portland went 8 for 33 from 3 against OKC and still won?  That's the problem. Pundits, talking heads, and average fans don't watch enough games to see how Portland plays when the shots don't fall. It has happened a few times already this year and everybody just overlooks it because of games like this. Not denying that their defense needs to improve but at least look at more than the stats and box scores if you're going to wax intellectual.
Don Layton::Sigh - some people will NEVER be happy.
Adam Pilarski::This is something that can happen with our team where we just going into throwing a rock into the ocean mode...when that happens we can't lose. It's nice because teams have been doing that AGAINST us lately. It was good to see some defensive intensity tonight, let's bring it against some even better teams now though.
Ibarra Jaime::This i don't understand it is possible for a lowly .500 East team to be in the playoffs and win the lottery draft this year. Playoffs & tanking at the same time. NBA need to revise the rules on this.
Ted McKnight::This run of sub-.500 teams might vault the Blazers back to the best overall record. Wouldn't mind home court advantage throughout the playoffs.
Joseph Rampone::What is the deal with Ben Gordon he just sits on the bench looking pissed every game. He didn't play a single minute tonight.
Postingteam Tme::I'll be sitting 4th row! I hope His Airness is there in all of his glory...any Bobcats fans know if he attends away games very often?
Rhys Williams::I feel like Portland must have broke some record for most points scored in a game with that low of Freethrows;
