jbannantin11::The Spurs had only 12 assists for the whole game -- and seven of those came from the bench. 12 assists!!! That Dick Jefferson fellow had zero. Why he is he still in the NBA?
pistonfanstill::One thing is sure, both Spurs and Rockets are much better than the Frank Misled Detroit Pistons. No question about it.
Constanza_George::Wait, where's Gary Neal, the rookie from last year? Is he still on the Spurs?
vivs18::He had an appendectomy which he is still recovering from.
pupil8::Rockets beat Spurs by 20 pts, and Spurs defeated LAC by 20 pts. Rockets are 40pts better than LAC?
JohnE0386::The Clippers are still trying to figure out how to play together... they will be scary.
VolkieG::Lol, doesn't work that way.
iTzDiRkFoR3::To be honest the Spurs just played bad
acbasurto::No. They got handled. Rockets have done this before to opponents. They didnt have the defense to hold off 4th quarter rallies last year.
wcboyer24::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UQU0P_Rwm8&amp;feature=youtu.be &lt;&lt;&lt; watch
humblevolntx::Frickin' insane shot...smh.
bobbydagreat::There was more points scored in the Alamo Bowl than in Baylor's last Basketball game.
David76871::Rockets will make playoffs as lower seed this year, but they've got to improve. GASOL non-trade will work out for them as he is clearly on decline.
acbasurto::It would have worked out because Morey had Nene lined up to play next to Gasol and Lowry still on the team.
bobbydagreat::There is no reason to think that the Gasol trade wouldn't have worked out for the Rockets, Daryl Morey has never been on the wrong side of a trade, there is no reason to think he would have been that time.
JohnE0386::@super: Kevin Martin plays no defense, and can be replaced offensively by both T-Will and Courtney Lee... for less money. Dragic is a second tier PG and we drafted Jonny Flynn anyway. Scola is awesome, but is also a defensive liability. We would have shed some HUGE contracts, and been able to go after Nene to pair with Gasol... it would have been good for us. Gasol is arguably in the top 5 PF in the game right now too.
bobbydagreat::His track record speaks for itself, there is no reason to think that wouldn't have led to the Rockets having a better team. People have said that trades that he has made were bad before, but they end up realizing they were wrong every single time.
superpieman802::giving up kevin martin, goran daragic, luis scola and a first round pick for a guy on the wrong side of 30 on the downslide of his career? yea its pretty safe to say that trade wouldnt have worked out.  the gm is an idiot for even trying that
davidhvaughn::So, Baylor v Washington will outscoer SA v Houston.  lol.  Is anyone else watching this freaking game?
NOVABuffalo::time to watch the end of the Alamo bowl
davidhvaughn::Please.  There's 2 1/2 left.   That's time for 21 more points
bobbydagreat::It has been crazy, but I think Baylor has it just about wrapped up.
davidhvaughn::116 points with 8 minutes to go.  AWESOME!  I went to the game when Oklahoma State hosted Baylor.  Score was 59-3 OSU after 3 in that one.  Fast Forward 2 months and RGIII is a Heisman Trophy winner?  I call BS.  No QB that trails ANY team by 56 points, regardless of opponent, should be eligible to win the Heisman.  He's good, though.  60 points with 8 minutes left to go in the game?  And they can't bench him because neither D can stop a damn thing
jairushawkins::I am. Terrible defenses but its entertaining .
bobbydagreat::Yeah, RG3 IS Baylor.
jairushawkins::Am i the only one noticing that kyle lowry is almost averaging a triple-Double? I know its just two games but wow . he has improved .
bobbydagreat::Well he did completely shut down CP3 every time the Rockets played the Hornets last year, so it's not too surprising how well he is playing.
NguyenDragon::I always liked him for this toughness and D which was lacking in Brooks...
jairushawkins::I always knew he was good but i think since aaron brooks isnt the guy with the ball anymore he is showin what he can do when he's the guy. and i think it's better than what AB Was doing .
Ridethatspicychicken::he is playing great.
Ridethatspicychicken::I see spursdc and silky aint around. Spurs lose and they abandon ship. Bandwagon fans through and through.
mattrider2006::We need to intentionally lose out for the rest of the season. It is the only way to succeed in the nba. Tonight was a step in the wrong direction my fellow rocket fans.
Blazelover13::I know we're only three or four games into the season, but I'd like to make a prediction. See what you guys think. This is how I think the Western Conference will shape up at the end of this 66-game season:  #1 Seed: Oklahoma City Thunder (51-15) #2 Seed: Houston Rockets (48-18) #3 Seed: Los Angeles Lakers (47-19) #4 Seed: Portland Trail-Blazers (45-21) #5 Seed: Denver Nuggets (44-22) #6 Seed: San Antonio Spurs (42-24) #7 Seed: Los Angeles Clippers (40-26) #8 Seed: New Orleans Hornets (37-29)  Did Not Qualify (With Reasons): Minnesota: Still too inexperienced and not enough talent to really become a threat, but they're getting there. Utah: Just a bad team; I can't even name one player on their squad. Better luck next year; they need to rebuild. Golden State: Powerful and dangerous, but I can't see them beating out the top eight, but they might come close. Sacramento: Beating the Lakers is always impressive, no matter what, but...still not really enough talent. Phoenix: Another bad team, much like Utah. I feel bad for Steve Nash; another down year for the Suns. Memphis: They got lucky last year, but I can't see them getting in this time around. They will stick around, though. Dallas: From champs to not in the playoffs? Yes, I believe so. Sure, they've been CLOSE...but close isn't good enough.
NOVABuffalo::Thunder is the team to beat in the west.  I don't care for most the Grizz fans, but beleive that team makes the playoffs.  Spurs season based on injuries or not.
Sixers1234567::Are you crazy? The Rockets will be lucky to make the playoffs let alone be the 2 seed. If the Rockets finish with the #2 seed I will run around the block butt naked with a bra on while singing a Justin Bieber song
davidhvaughn::I see the next YouTube sensation
NOVABuffalo::LOL
TexTex77::Love the Rockets, but we are a 6-9 seed, tops...  Hope you are right though!
davidhvaughn::Obvious homework done on this, but I think the Clips get the 2 seed, Houston 3, Blazers 4, LAL 5, Houston 6, Memphis 7, NO 8.  SA will be 12 or 13.
NOVABuffalo::they might google it ... I saw many games as a kid for 50 cents in the old ABA days on the baseline.  I saw George Karl, Swen Nater, Ice and others.  Most Denver fans don't recall how good the Denver Rockets were in those days --- the last ABA all-star game was the all-stars versus the Rockets.  Met Larry Brown then as well ---- a very nice man.
davidhvaughn::NOVA, you realize nobody else on this board has any clue what the $@%! we're talking about, right?  "Who the hell is Rod Strickland?"
davidhvaughn::Fricking Rod Strickland is the reason the Spurs didn't win a championship well before they did.  That damn behind the back pass to nobody.  That pisses me off to this day.  What the hell was he thinking?  He knew nobody was there.  Hold the ball, call the damn timeout, get the ball in to Robinson, and win the conference championship and then the NBA championship.
NOVABuffalo::If I had to pick, likely Robinson just bc of the 2 year waiting period, they had to roll the dice.  Duncan without injury was going to be good and it was an easy pick.  The young team that led game seven in Portland by 7 points with two mintues to go (Rod Strickland and Sean Elliot) could have made noise, but Duncan put the Spurs over the top.
davidhvaughn::I will say that Spurs front office is fantastic.  Finding Tony, Manu, Tiago...they always do it.  I remember the rumblings when they drafted Robinson.  People said they should trade him.  others said they shouldn;t have even drafted him in the first place because the 2 year wait wasn't going to do them any good.  Here's a question for ya:  better draft pick for SA; Robinson or Duncan?
NOVABuffalo::bobby --- it's all about luck ... yep for sure .. not one lick of credit to management ... sure whatever.
bobbydagreat::Right, but those decisions could have gone very bad if Robinson hadn't stayed, in that respect, they got lucky.
NOVABuffalo::yeah right ---- I saw Gervin and Artis play in person --- try again FAIL.  I have their autographs in the last ABA all-star game held in SA.  Also, got the ABA's commish's signature.
NOVABuffalo::bobby --- after David was drafted all the NBA pundits said SA wouldn't be able to keep him and they ought to trade his rights away.  For keeping him, that one management decision, something all pundits said wasn't possible, they get all the credit.  My season ticket prices went through the roof ---- $11 to $18 to $23 in two years.  Yet the hemisphere arena kept selling out.  Spurs did get very lucky on Duncan, but again they were able to keep him --- something Cleveland wasn't able to do with LBJ.
davidhvaughn::No.  They just screwed the pooch a few years back and now they can't make any damn moves to bring in any marquee players for a few years now, and franchising RJ didn't help the matter any.  SA is a couple years away from being the pre-Robinson Spurs if they aren't careful.  You probably couldn't even name the Spurs starting center before David Robinson (without googling it or KGB or whatever your search of choice is)
bobbydagreat::Well they did get pretty lucky in 2 drafts or those championships wouldn't have happened.
NOVABuffalo::you seem to think you can run one of the NBA's benchmark ownership teams better than the crew that build 4 championships in a small market
davidhvaughn::Yes, I know.  and...
NOVABuffalo::he is the primary owner of the spurs
davidhvaughn::I don't follow
NOVABuffalo::peter holt on line two to talk to you
bobbydagreat::I don't think the Rockets will be that good to be honest.
Blazelover13::Lovely win. We already knew this Rockets offense was one of the best in the league, as they've shown in both games so far. If they can make sure that defense gets fixed up a bit, there's no reason this team can't compete with the Thunder for the top spot in the Western Conference. I'm being totally serious with that. With the Lakers down, the Clippers possibly being pretenders, the Hornets still a bit new, the Nuggets and Trail-Blazers still needing a few pieces, the champs sucking, and the Spurs too old...why not the Rockets? This team will be a dark-horse this season, trust me.
JohnE0386::It's way too early in the season to be thinking this far ahead... let's see what our record is through 10 games.
davidhvaughn::And now, after 3 games, the real Spurs showed up.  I told y'all last week, 10 games below .500 at best.  They have a few decent players but they're not good this year
NOVABuffalo::no true spurs fan would post this something like this .... -10, that's 28-38.  Only if there are major injuries would the spurs come close to a record like that.
davidhvaughn::Not only am I a fan of the team, I'm an objective follower.  I have to be.  My job calls for it.  And as an objective follower I see the Spurs, exactly as you said, 28-38 when all is said and done
davidhvaughn::Their problem is that they screwed themselves with the salary cap a couple years ago so now they can't do ANYTHING for like the next 5 years.  This team is on the verge of a monumental collapse
davidhvaughn::I don't think they'll tank; at least not intentionally.  They're too proud for that and Popovich is too proper a coach to allow it.  However, getting a top-5 draft pick wouldn't hurt them too badly to go with Ginobili and Parker
bobbydagreat::If they don't do something they risk falling into the Rockets position, always good enough to almost make the playoffs and always getting bad picks.
davidhvaughn::lol to this guy.  I want some of the crack you're smoking.  They won't be contenders for 2 more weeks.  This coming from a SPURS fan.  I'm just realistic about my team
bobbydagreat::I think they could be if they wanted to, but it might be a better idea for them to tank and start the rebuilding process, they are too old to get it done right now.
ryroll::lol to this guy. The Spurs will be contenders for at least 2 more years. This coming from a Rockets fan
hernon254::great win for the rockets.  need to get off to a better start this year.  thank god the gasol deal fell through
bobbydagreat::You have to give it the benefit of the doubt, Daryl Morey has never been on the wrong side of a trade. There is no reason to believe that he wouldn't have been on the good side of that deal as well.
sabermetricsAreRight::Going to be a lot of games like this this year.
davidhvaughn::I agree.  I think the Spurs will get blown out more than normal, but so will everyone else
davidhvaughn::Blowout Spurs losses or blowouts in general?
bobbydagreat::I'd bet for more blowouts in general, this condensed season is going to destroy a lot of old teams.
eightman2303::Duncan in the twilight...this will be his last season....what a great player to follow in the post-jordan era. not reading too much into this loss. the Spurs came in gassed and just got waxed by a fresher team that played really well. the favor will be returned when houston comes to SA. this is the way this season is going to be...lots of back to backs and three games in a row is going to test a coaching staff and players......
davidhvaughn::I think with the impending retirement of TIm Duncan, Splitter's stock will go up.  Remember, Tony Parker was never going to be as good as Avery Johnson and Tim Duncan was never going to replace David Robinson.
davidhvaughn::Splitter will be better than average; a possible future all-star.  But as good as Duncan?  no
bobbydagreat::Duncan is an all time great so there is no doubt that Splitter won't be that good, but I don't even think he will be an all star. I think he projects to be a decent role player, but not much more.
more_les::Quality centers are definitely a prime asset in the NBA and hard to come up with
more_les::Is  Splitter good enough to be Duncan's replacement?
eightman2303::no, I don' think he is....he is certainly going to be a valuable piece going forward, but he does not possess the foot work or saavy that Duncan has had in his career. Duncan commanded double teams up till about three years ago and that made the floor spread, driving lanes open up and wide open threes available and Duncan could pass out of a double team as well as any big man that I have ever seen play--still could, but no one has to double him any longer.
bobbydagreat::Not even close to the same caliber, that Scola trade is looking worse and worse for the Spurs.
utexasfan1::Very proud of the Rockets win tonight
bobbydagreat::LOL attack of the Durantula!
l.komishon::will dalembert get more minutes soon?
bobbydagreat::I think he is trying to play himself back into shape, rumors were that he was in awful shape when they picked him up. I expect him to eventually start and get a lot of minutes.
l.komishon::his numbers are solid for 20 mins
NguyenDragon::I love the 4 blocks... I could care less about his points... Hopefully more to come...
flash61281::Did Duncan get hurt?  Why only 15 minutes?
big1dunny::Duncan after this game is avg just 8pts 5rebs a game. He aint hurt he's just old and looking washed up. All those games and mins have caught up to him.
Houston Fanatic 713::to old
CosmoKramer1444::Blair is a BEAST. Did he get to fling Thabeet over his shoulder again?
ItchyButtButt::Wow!  That was some rhythmic slappin!
ItchyButtButt::Whatever makes you feeling better.
ItchyButtButt::Hands on the wall Spurs
NOVABuffalo::I'm sure in a long season it might be the other way as well
NOVABuffalo::caution required ---- itchybutt and rhythmic slappin .... don't wish to know more
big1dunny::Duncan looks really old just like KG. Both are just shadows of themselves with all the mins and games finally catching up to them. Sad seeing a box scores of 4pts 1reb.
davidhvaughn::Yeah.  That's what happened.  Tough season but there was no doubting their effort that season.  And at 2-1 I see a tank job happening this season as well.  They sure looked like they were tanking last night huh?
bobbydagreat::Hell I remember the Spurs intentionally tanking the season that led to getting Duncan.
bobbydagreat::That team was better than they were playing, it was clear they had little interest in winning that year.
NOVABuffalo::that's just unclear thinking .... yeah right David getting his hand hurt all part of a master plan to enter the lottery with the lowest probability of winning ---- you really beleive in Santa don't you
NOVABuffalo::-28 YIKES!  I still recall his rookie season and the playoffs like yesterday ----- guess I'm getting old as well.
TexTex77::OKC is looking strong!
bobbydagreat::The Mavs are choking and I love it.
NguyenDragon::Its nice to finally have a center that can block shots...
bobbydagreat::The other thing is if Thabeet develops into a decent backup center, it would make that Battier trade even better than it already was.
NguyenDragon::Hopefully more blowouts so he gets some minutes...
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::I laugh when I see Thabeet run, that goofy mother fu cker LOL
NguyenDragon::Thats wrong but so true...
bobbydagreat::It's like he can't control his limbs LOL
.Silky Johnston.::yikes. spurs lose and that spicy chicken guy can't stop stalking me. double bummer. no worries. the baylor game is competitive and the spurs will bounce back. it's fairly obvious pop threw in the towel based on the fact that manu and timmy hardly played. good win houston
ryroll::this game gave me much more confidence in the rockets this year. Kyle Lowry is the real deal
davidhvaughn::A victory over a highly overrated and quite frankly not very good Spurs team excites you?  You lead a sad existence, huh?
more_les::Somehow I don't see Nene and Gasol with Courtney Lee and Lowry being a contender - compared to Bulls, Heat and Knicks, plus Oklahoma
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::I totally agree I hated the trade deal. Two of our top players and a good back up plus a first round pick. Like NguyenDragon said we were trying to get ripped off. Pau is a little overrated in my book
more_les::You guys may be right, I did not feel excited about the idea. May be I dislike Lakers and Pau more than the idea of him being a Rocket. Especially after his flop play off last year
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::Well no line up compares to the Heat, but it would have made some noise. Lowry could carry a team threw the playoffs with how hes looking threw the first two games this year IMO
bobbydagreat::That would be a monster front court, I'm pretty sure it would be good enough to make the playoffs at least. All I know is that Daryl Morey has never been on the wrong side of a trade, so if he was fine with it, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.
more_les::Having Nene, I did not see he was involved in the trade with Lakers/N.O. Did I miss something?
NguyenDragon::The whole plan was to be ripped off by the Gasol trade which would free up money for Nene...
bobbydagreat::It was widely known that the goal of the deal was to free up money for Nene, and Nene waited till the deal got nixed to sign because he was waiting to take a deal in Houston till it was obvious that it couldn't get done.
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::We could have signed him to a max deal with that trade.We would have had more cap space
more_les::Good thing they did not trade martin to New Orleans....
bobbydagreat::The Hornets sure wish that deal went through.
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::Having Nene would be great but just the names in that trade for Gasol made me sick. Im sure we could have done better
bobbydagreat::I still think that deal would have been good all around, having Nene and Gasol with Courtney Lee and Lowry would be just fine.
VolkieG::Kevin McHale's the real deal! lol
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::I feel as though we have some size to fight for a home seed now. A little early I know but this team is looking good. As long as Martin is shooting well
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::I heared he always has problems in the beginning of the seasons
NguyenDragon::Its good to see Martin hitting shots... I was worried maybe the bitterness about being in trade talks is making him lose focus...
Mesa_culled_JarJarBinks::Prime years for Lowry and Martin
bobbydagreat::I agree, everything depends on Martin hitting his shots. The Rockets will be a really tough team to beat if Lowry and Martin are on top of their games and Dalembert is shutting down the paint.
bobbydagreat::Grizzlies fans were probably angry to see Lowry hitting 3's, he had no outside shot when he played there.
VolkieG::Don't blame it on not having rest. OKC's already 3-0 and playing their 4th game tonight and winning. We just got raped tonight, plain and simple...lol.
VolkieG::Fair enough, bobby. Hope we'll get better. McHale's gonna develop into a fine coach for Houston though.
NguyenDragon::I am hoping he can salvage Thabeet career...
bobbydagreat::I really hope so, everyone bashed Daryl Morey for the hire, but I think that his attention to defense is just what the Rockets needed.
VolkieG::Excuses make teams weak.
Darrel3k::Age can cause problems to
bobbydagreat::OKC isn't as old as the Spurs, it's different.
bobbydagreat::I wasn't trying to make excuses for them, they need to handle business if they are going to make the playoffs this year, there are going to be lots of back to backs and they just have to do better.
VolkieG::Our starters only played about 27 minutes yesterday though. Blowout victory gave 'em plenty of rest. They're professionals and are paid ridiculous money to do play. They need to just suck it up.
Michael Bradley822::Dissapointed to see the spurs lose here.. but three games in a short period after not much chance to rest .. they'll bounce back :)
kjmayo22::Lowry is a beast
EGGY126::Man as a Spurs fan I must say it truly pains me to see a guy like Duncan show his age. I cringed at his box score. At least Leonard had a better shooting night today. On another note anyone know when Neal is expected to comeback? Given that the Spurs shot 17% from behind the ark today I figure they'll want Neal's great outside touch back soon.
big1dunny::As a celtic fan this is how I feel watching KG this year too. It's a new era and all them dudes who came into the league in the mid to late 90's looking old or have already retired. KG and Duncan = Ewing and Hakeem in the early 2000's. Old, every now and then you see a flash of what they once were.
USMC3121::Why isn't Flynn not getting any playing time on this team I am sure he is better than the 2nd point guard on this team!
TexTex77::Funny how Flynn had 2 TOs while Dragic had 0 despite playing twice as long
USMC3121::Funny how Dragic had the same amount of points that Flynn did with double the playing time!!
lakeytom::Flynn didn't score.
bobbydagreat::And actually that's not true, Dragic had 6 points, Flynn had none....
bobbydagreat::I don't think Flynn will ever score 23 points in the 4th quarter of a playoff game.....
USMC3121::I don't think so Flynn is much quicker and a better playmaker than Dragic!
bobbydagreat::Spurs fans know what Dragic can do.
Darrel3k::^
lakeytom::Because Dragic is like... a bajillion times better than Flynn.
bobbydagreat::Because Dragic is good.
EGGY126::So the D the Spurs played the first two games was a false prophecy? Bummer...
NOVABuffalo::It's tough to replace a future HOF player and a couple all-stars .... guess we will see how all this works out.
NOVABuffalo::too early to get too concerned or too excited.  the bench did OK tonight ... it was the starters that played poorly, all between -18 and -28.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, that's where the bulk of the Spurs age is, with the starters, so they have the most negative effects of fatigue.
bobbydagreat::No, they're just old, they can't do it for 3 games in 4 nights.
bobbydagreat::Their legs got tired and they stopped playing good defense, the Spurs got suckered into trying to play the pace that the Rockets wanted to play and it was too much for them.
ryroll::i dnt think that has anything to do with them being old
EGGY126::Jeez if this is how were gonna play on the back end of a back to back then were not gonna survive a whole lot of games.
bobbydagreat::That's the downside to being an old team.
etaUpike07::Good game rockets!! Play more defense like that and this team will be a contender in the west
Darrel3k::^
bobbydagreat::That's the advantage of McHale over Adleman, McHale is all about defense and it shows.
a time to chill::Just added Goran Drajic to my fantasy team.  GO ROCKETS!!
pride4jc1222::The Rockets will make it to the playoffs this season. The Spurs will not.
pride4jc1222::The Rockets will make the playoffs this season. I guarantee it.
ryroll::Both teams will.To say the Spurs won't make the playoffs is idiotic
JulioJonesBrother::MAT. LATOS.
NOVABuffalo::now that's funny
Ridethatspicychicken::Notice how spursdc and silky have left?
NOVABuffalo::just like every team ... now you will see the Rockets fans show up
Darrel3k::Great game Spurs
Ridethatspicychicken::Where are spursdc and Silky...are they, the bandwagoners still around?
RRSJ12::I'm still happy with 2-1. Can't blame them for this L.
bobbydagreat::Thabeet is doing them dirty tonight.
RonnieVegas43099::What happened to Duncan?
jill339hoosier::kyle lowry is serious and underrated, wish i saw this on tv
Darrel3k::raw  determination
OFrog::Pau who?
NOVABuffalo::Nice game by Rockets .... always expect a tough game between these two teams.  See you Jan 11th in SA.
Darrel3k::Yep always a tough game
OFrog::Not tonight.
