58rhodes::Da Blazers are Toast
EmergingInThought::You're killing me Blazers. I was at the Magic game and it was painful until the very end.  http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/01/05/fired-for-not-believing-in-hell/
CosmoKramer1444::The Blazer should trade Wallace on draft night in order to get MKG. They are the same player but Gilchrist is younger.
kjboi246::duncan is done
alamoaggie2008::aldridge is a little off.  he says they had control for both halves...more like two quarters.  portland was better in the 1st and 3rd quarter, san antonio in the 2nd and 4th, and that 4th is all that matters.
ny2nc1980::I respect the Spurs and how they stay out of the media circus for the most part, and just win games. You don't need glitz and glamour, just a solid core of committed players. Great game gentlemen.
vahamaa::Splitter is coming into his own during the 2nd year of his NBA career.
dcyxc2004::looks like portland is coming back down to earth now that they are playing on the road.
Kobelies247::POrtland is a joke! Been saying it for YEARS!!!!
KingGeorge53::more like their fans that post on these boards are jokes.    One of the worst bunch I've seen.    Of course Miami beats them all for horrible fans, but Portland is gaining momentum.
rromero076::whats great is there really is no single power house team in the west.,  alot of people have OKC the favorite coming out of the west this year but I dont beleive the hype
rromero076::The west is so wide open right now, will see what team is peaking at the end. Hopefully the blazers bench will wear teams down if they can play more consistant
dazeofwar::Go Spurs!
rromero076::Wow blazers got smashed tonight by the Spurs, we usually have had this team the last 2 years we played them
Vaquero In The House::Probably because you weren't playing tonight.
alamoaggie2008::ouch!  poor gary.  that had to be one painful bump to have to get staples in his head.
EliteWingMTSU::Tony Parker is Leading this team right now.  Without Manu everyone is looking at him to make the big plays.
EGGY126::Yeah he's finally putting up good stats for my fantasy team!
CandySparker::It sounds like Aldridge over troubled water.
Spurs4life93::gg Blazers they had us up until the 4th quarter. It was nice to see our young players &amp; bench step up tonight &amp; our defense was there also. &amp; seriously Spurzoffury stop playing on ur dads ESPN account ur putting us Spurs fans to shame smfh
58rhodes::How much do we take before  Nate MC Muffin goes?
58rhodes::So the Blazers cant play on the road
jahraffe3::Don't forget OKC...
SFChargers::Nice job Malcolm! Get some stats brother. Proud of you two Aztecs baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm a Spurs fan!!!!
minick_man83::I'm not real sure how the Spurs keep winning.  They are old, Manu's banged up, and they rely on third and fourth tier players.  If they can hold down the fort until Manu returns, this team could be dangerous again in the playoffs.  Popovich is a genius.
spurs_fiend::With Ginobili out, we only have one old player in Timmy. That's it, unless you consider 31 old, and I don't.
THEOCHO88888::yep incredible coach...and great experience and leadership from the oldies (duncan, parker)
EliteWingMTSU::You make it sound like Portland is 0-10
58rhodes::They will be close in time
58rhodes::Well playing teams like Portland helps
texasmoney85::Go spurs go
lemonsgee::2000 SPORTSWRITERS COMMENTING LIVE ON FANCLOUD! http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
texasmoney85::The west is up for grabs... OKC or The Spurs?
texasmoney85::OKC ain't gonna win nothin with westbrook as they point guard, he thinkin he can take the last shot and not give it to durant. They need to trade that punk.
OregonLou::Who cares who wins the "West" it's all about what you do in the Playoffs....OKC really good, Spurs...Not so sure this year....Portland...always a first round exit, short season...who will be at their peak come playoff time???
texasmoney85::I got spurs this year, I'm a OG $@%!$ ya young cats.
THE JEFFERNATER::Mavs are finding their legs.. Won 6 of 7. Watch out.
Random Nagger::I know malcolm thomas got in for only a few minutes but was there anyone who watched that noted if he looked comfortable or awkward?
spurs_fiend::He looked alright for logging his first NBA minutes. The boxscore shows just 1 rb, but I swear he got 2. He's definitely a good rebounder, and hinted at some good D. I'm interested in him showing what he can do.
texasmoney85::Spurs need to get better on the road. I'll see what up after the rodeo road trip.
Walastik66::Splitter coming thru!!!
texasmoney85::Spurs got a chance to win it all, just need to.stay healthy. Manu will be back  right on time..
Dadsterbug::Our Blazers probably won't make the playoffs.  They have the worst sched in the western conf.  Yes they play the same amt of home &amp; away...but it's how it's split up.  Portland does not have a home stand of more than 3 games in a row.  Every other team has several in the 4, 5 &amp; 6 category.  Denver even has a 9 game home stand.  We have more back to backs...3 games in 4 nights...and the 2nd most 5 in 7 nights.  And Camby went down before Feb....just as I predicted he would!  Bummers!
Spursdc::We have a stint where we play 9 straight away games. Get over it
Spursdc::lol
Beardedblazerfan::Thats nothing, remember last year?
DeanGibbz::8-0 at home!!!
Ridethatspicychicken::Blazers...are the biggest joke in the West.
emmanopg33::biggest joke? really lol....
Beardedblazerfan::Wait, did the Spurs beat the Thunder in OKC? I can't remember......someone remind me.
Txboy12345::The Spurs are 0-4 on the road so.....
Chompster777::nope, mavs are
amanzo86::your an idiot
tundradave24::go spurs go , lets tune up the bench then we shall exlode when ginobili comes back
Ridethatspicychicken::How the FK do you score 31 in the 1stQ and then fold? hahahahaha
tundradave24::D e f e n s e
Spurzoffury::They are the Blazers, that's how!
texasmoney85::Miami @ Denver, on ESPN.
Ridethatspicychicken::Portland has to be the stupidest franchise on the planet. LOL
Spurs4life93::nah that belongs to the Suns they always fuckinn up their roster lol
Ridethatspicychicken::And MJ.
texasmoney85::Damm, they could have drafted Kevin durant.
Beardedblazerfan::Actually that title goes to the Clippers I think, and Stupidest is actually not a word.
gt1master_ike::Wow portland what happened?
DeanGibbz::everybody loses at San Antonio...no harm no foul
BasketBalljon3s::Like I said, not blaming it all on that haha. We got outplayed the rest of the way, only LMA showed any heart, pretty sad.
gt1master_ike::well i can see that  but getting blown out by a manu-less spurs COME ON MAN
Spurzoffury::Good point
BasketBalljon3s::not gonna blame it completely on this, but camby got hurt in the 2nd quarter and it was pretty much downhill from there, with LMA having to shift over and get in foul trouble.
Spursdc::Shift over to play another PF. Lame
Beardedblazerfan::We lost
Beardedblazerfan::I don't get you, your facts are all mixed up because as far as I know we now have the same record Spurs had coming into the game.
Spurzoffury::Y'all got embarrassed! Normal
Spurzoffury::Told ya Portland su cks!
Beardedblazerfan::Radiation? Is that what grows all those trees and makes everything so green?
Txboy12345::A state that has done better then most, I won't complain.
Beardedblazerfan::Enjoy George W Bush and Rick Perry
big_bawss::enjoy fukishima
dan.polak::At least we don't have to live in Texas...
big_bawss::We say the same thing about your rainy dreary radiation infected state too
BasketBalljon3s::Gracious winner here I see. Show some class man. Good game spurs, your bench played awesome, ours was terrible.
I hate Matt Bonner::good game, especially since that fu'ckface Bonner only saw 6 mins.
DeanGibbz::Big Red Machine
Chompster777::why do you hate bonner?
Chompster777::thats hilarious! hahah!!
I hate Matt Bonner::He hasn't been useful in a game since around February of last year. Dude always disappears later in the season and in the playoffs and his defense is non existent. It'd be better if there was a cardboard cut out of Bonner on the floor.
Chompster777::he sometimes makes 3's
I hate Matt Bonner::Cuz he's useless. Don't make me go on my rant, lol.
big_bawss::LOL
JLancerio::First time this season that I've been able to salute San Antonio for defense. Go Spurs! Keep 'em coming.
THEOCHO88888::reminds me of the glory days
Beardedblazerfan::Good game Spurs  On a side note, I hope the rest of our road trip goes a lot better.
NOVABuffalo::Still waiting on the YOUNG blazers team to run all over the OLD spurs ----- light up the cigar, it's a W
Txboy12345::Old? You mean old Tim Duncan and Manu? The bench is very young. They are no longer the "OLD" Spurs.
Spurzoffury::I loved stirring up Blazer fans, thanks for letting me get to y'all !
FrankPistachio211::Great to finally win a game against these guys.  Peace out. I'm gonna go to the Laker$ board and abuse Kobe fanboys.
Chompster777::hahah!
texasmoney85::Im so happy for my spurs. Let's get that 5th trophy.
Chompster777::Good game blazers. hope yall have a great rest of da season.
emmanopg33::good game.
Spurzoffury::Imagine if Manu was playing?
xavierofsparta::What happened? Brent Barry's wife.
OregonLou::How in the world could Tony Parker lose a wife like that...???  Is he a gay guy? He is good, but well....what happened?  ha ha ha !!!
OregonLou::Was he out because of a hair transplant??
Spursdc::Nah, He took a day off because he knew that the Blazers were light work, even for our bench guys
reddogg00021::AAny word on cambys ankle?
Spursdc::Crunchy
Spurzoffury::Portland fans are full of themselves!
Spurs4life93::ur the one that's full of urself dumb.$@%
Matthew85633::I'm full of tacos; I just had like 6 of 'em.
calflamesfann78::So are Spurs fans and every other fanbase on earth.
Spurzoffury::Don't kid yourself you have to be funny, not funny looking
calflamesfann78::No, but thanks for asking.
Spurzoffury::Jealous?
z_man0789::portland with 33 second half points. they were one of the top scoring teams coming into tonight, right?
Spursdc::The Spurs are better than the Blazers. I have proof
matsuireyesdp::hahahah Blazers fans are nowhere to be found.
