Richard::As long as Mike A is the coach of LA lakers don't expect them to be in the playoff because he's not as good for any NBA team, below average his knowledge when it comes to coaching period, it will only ruin the lakers, see Jordan Hill is useless he don't ever give any good minute to show his ability to help, he can grab those rebound (offensive/defensive) only Mike knows those shoot for shoot only
E Money::Once again, we'll take it !!!! The column on the left marked "W", got checked today, regardless of who we played, and how we played them.  Right now, this team needs to win, and win a lot to even have a shot at anything resembling the post season. It;s going to be very difficult with the injuries they have, and the coach running the team. I still believe that the Lakers would be a lot more effective as a team if they had a good coach. Mike D;s system was exposed in PHX, was obliterated in NY, and is now being laughed at in LA.  It just can't work when you have assets you refuse to use, and just keep jacking up three's hoping to out shoot your opponents. It might get you a couple wins here and there, but you are not going to win in the playoffs jacking up three's and creating fast break opportunities for your opponents. Thank God Mitch had sense enough to bring up K. Marshall to distribute the ball, because he has shown that he is a solid NBA Pg. His numbers prove it, as he is averaging a dub-dub since he became the starter. This makes for an interesting situation, if and when we get healthy at the point this season.  I think Marshall should remain as your starter, with backup minutes shared by Farmar and Blake. I'd release or trade Nash, who's only real value is to a team looking to get rid of a contract. I like some of the components on this roster, and would try to re-sign most of them, except maybe  Kaman, Nash, (cut or trade) Meeks, and maybe even Sacre. I include Sacre because there are always short armed 7 footers looking for work in the NBA. Meeks, as a 2 in a 1's body can be replaced by Harris. Kaman I might actually keep at the right number.
Melo For 3 Clank!::This is good the Lakers have been losing too many games lately. I want them to win just enough games to mess up their draft position. Since we all know the Lakers can't draft or develop any of their own talent. The banners were all bought (see Shaq) 16-25 is practically a playoff spot in the East. They'll stay behind those tanking East teams and end up with the 8th or 9th pick. They'll get a bust with that pick like usual.
Larry::I am really a baseball stats guy but no one is around over there so I come here for attention.
Larry::Er Lakers fans- I just saw your boy Wiggins play. If that is who you are banking on as your savior, fuggud about it. If there are no players in the draft better than him, then it is a sorry draft. You can tell in an instant if a player is a super-talented player-- Wiggins is NOT- a good player- but a big step up from college ball to the NBA- and he has a lot to learn. John Wall took 4 years to get to be a real good NBA player and Wall had skills in college that dwarf Wiggins's. Barring injury, no one is keeping the Pacers out of the finals the next few years and they will probably win.
Larry::I'm still waiting for my book called "Just Larry" to get printed but everyone I send it to must love it a lot as I never get it or hear anything back.
Rodney::Where is everybody?
Larry::I remember when I tried out for the Olympics but didn't make it as they didn't know who I was those kidders. I very true story never give up on your dream even when you get arrested.
Larry::If the Bronco's lose it will not be Peyton Manning's fault as he way to good probably the best ever.
Larry::Peyton Manning made me so wet today I needed a maxi-pad by have time and a diaper by the end of the game. Super bowl here comes the Bronco's in the freezing cold snow and I pray Peyton doesn't choke it away again.
