Putnam Prince::Bargnani plus/minus rating again -11. This is alarming for the Knicks and I would like to know who thought this big stiff could improve the Knicks.
Me::Better days ahead Bucks fans. Wait until they play together for a while.
RAY B::Didnt take the Knicks long to realize that Bargnani can rebound or cant play any D at all. Do they sell Primo in NY? I will miss those commercials. I have nothing against Bargnani. The Raptor fans with the encouragement of the media just had enough. He never me the 1st overall expectations. His total lack of hustle didnt help him out.
WTF::Anthony looks fat and out of shape.
EM::Melo, Chandler, and Prigioni super clutch down the stretch on both sides of the court. I loved that alley from Felton to Chandler. Also 5 blocks from Chandler who normally doesn't get blocks. The game got away from them after a flawless 1st half but in the end when things were unraveling they clamped down on d and had faith in it to propel them to victory.
Knicker::Go Knicks !  Perfectly fine that Shaq and "others" forgot to list the Knicks as making the playoffs. lol One word ultimately determines the final outcome for any team and decisions made by coaching:  injuries.  Great talent league wide...here's to a relatively light injury season.  One man's trash is another's treasure and NY has a way of bringing out "buried" things in players...I think Bargnani needed a change, as did Ray Ray after being in Denver, Portland, as did Chandler, as did World Peace, and arguably the league leader in scoring, Carmelo.  We'll see.  GO KNICKS!
love hewitt::why isn't Giannis Antetokounmpo suiting up?
emb001981::Carmelo Anthony's 2K14 Xbox controller:   A: Shoot   B: Shoot   Y: Shoot   X: Shoot   RB: Call For Pass  LB: Turnover  A + LT: Disrupt Flow Of Offense    B + RT: Eat Cheeseburger
Cyril::I tuned in to catch The Larry Sanders Show and all I got was a rerun from 2011.
L.E.S. the lower::The season has yet to begin and already the MELO haters are at full throttle.Makes you wonder what some people would say just for some attention.No JLin,no Quitoni,and yet no clue to what Anthony has brought to this team.Just love it,wait to next year when he signs a new contract with the Knicks,potentilal for some of these guys to go hate else where...But I doubt it they are that useless....GO NY GO.....
