Hero Miles Reincarnated::I don't think New Jersey cried as hard as Seattle for losing their team.
riodejeremy::Great Game Joe Johnson. At this rate your now paid 5 Million per win you personally are responsible for winning
inputpsol::To all the uneducated Melo fans:  http://newyork.sbnation.com/new-york-knicks/2012/5/4/2999306/2012-nba-playoffs-knicks-vs-heat-carmelo-anthony-worst-nba-playoffs-winning-percentage
truthhurtsalot::Better than Kobe's 18% on game winning/tying shots.  Jordan is above 50% and Melo is above 45%  LeBron and Pierce at 30%
Yankeesforthewin11::ikr
Porkchop8920::What's Joe Johnson? This year I think he's 100%
nrabond007::Oh Milwaukee, you are so terrible, get used to losing because its gonna happen a lot in the second half of the season like it always does. Post all-star break your team turns into a siv, bye-bye, no playoffs for you
RNYC::A guy hits two big shots in a game and all of a sudden he's the second coming. Uhh NO. It's Joe Johnson the same guy who doesn't care about winning.  The same guy unable to elevate a team.   If monta Ellis wasn't such a stupid bball player nets fans would be whining today.
Gucci Force Four::Heat, Lakers, Clippers, Nets, Hawks fan? What did ESPN not let you be a fan of the whole NBA?
Porkchop8920::he also likes the Knicks and Griz
Nervous Wreck After That Day::Nets need to get some trades going, they can't keep playing 3 on 5 offense.
Ucannotbesirius::I suspect the Russian to attack soon.
t2green67::I smell a FLOP fine coming
Ontario925::Sure the Heat are the best in the Eastern Conference but the Nets have a lot more games as a team this season that they don't lay down and die in the game than I have seen from the Knicks since anytime after Patrick Ewing and John Starks left them. If the Nets didn't have a terrible December before they fired Avery Johnson they would be above the Knicks in Conference seed standings now at least 2nd below the Heat. Well Jeremy Lin was the only clutch game comeback scorer since Ewing and Starks departed from the Knicks.
RNYC::U are delusional.
Ucannotbesirius::They are still one legitmate scorer away from doing something special.  As the trade deadline approaches I anticipate that our owner will command Billy to bring the magic by securing another scorer.
darenphill::this is as hard a regular season loss as you'll endure.  what 's the % on JJ's chuck at the end regulation... 15%? 10% and then the lucky bounce bogans chuck in OT?   ouch  but MAN can Larry Sanders play some D
leftandleavingster::In watching the video, it looks like Lopez was deliberately directing the ball to the spot where Bogans was supposed to be. In the absence of a defender, Bogans makes that shot more often than not.
Mets2410::wow dude c'mon.... lucky bounce bogans chuck? the ball got tapped to him and he hit an open corner 3. You make it seem like it was the most abnormal deflection in history. Deflections and tapped loose balls happen all the time and the Nets happened to get the ball that time. JJ's chuck? you mean an open 3 off a screen on a designed play for one of the best big-shot guys in the league? again, you make it seem like a half court chuck with a man in his face, instead of a drawn up play. I know you're frustrated, as would I be if it was the other way around, but you gotta give the Nets credit for stepping up it wasn't all 100% unlucky for the bucks dude.
0_Perineum_0::Wouldnt be surprised to see the Sandman win most improved player. Didnt  look  good in summer league or preseason. Dalembert actually started the beginning of season until Larry got it all together in a matter of weeks. Glad we found someone to take Bogut's place without looking far or overpaying for a HOward (really tall guy with no actual basketball skills).
ginblossoms1972::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
wisconsinsportsrock::Another nigh of watching my bucks blow chunks late...
Gucci Force Four::Brandon Jennings' shot is the Wonder Ball of basketball.
snapbackorfitted::Brandon Jennings hits the moon with his 3 pointers, its a mytstery everytime he shoots if its goin in or bricking for an 18 foot rebound
AdamMcD1536::Joe Johnson is a poor mans Kobe  or  Carmelo.  Wish  he hadn't wasted so much time in Atlanta he could have been hof material.
darenphill::jj as hof material is a joke right
Andrew28642::joe johnson went to the playoffs with the suns too
Yankeesforthewin11::fool would say that
NYChe21::I wouldn't say Kobe.  But I think he's got more playoff wins than Carmelo.
Mets2410::Carmelo has the worst playoff winning % of any single player to play in 50+ playoff games (though give him props for making the playoffs a lot)
NYChe21::Gotta remember JJ went to the ECF once too.
whatsanoa::Just looked up Joe Johnson playoff stats, he won more than Melo in the playoffs. My mistake.
NYChe21::I know Melo is 17-37.
whatsanoa::I think Melo has about 15 or 16. He won more than 8 for sure cause he went to the WCF when he was with the nuggets. I think Johnson has about 8
whatsanoa::Missed most of the 1st three quarters, but I enjoyed the game. I honestly thought the bucks were going to win, especially after D-Will fouled Ellis(i think it was ellis) with an elbow to the face. Man Jennings though, he went off. Great game from what I was able to watch
darenphill::except for his missed FT, two missed forced jumpers and turnover in the last few minutes of regulation. he's fun to watch but he's so ridiculously inefficient, he must be traded.
cstarssportspicks::freesportspicksdaily.com
NYKWitness::Imagine the ESPN headlines if LeBron, Kobe, or Durant had a clutch 3 to force OT and a game winner in OT in the same game.  That's how boring Joe Johnson is.
NYChe21::Good.  I like it as boring as possible if that means he's gonna hit game winners.
Z Wade::It's not his fault that the Hawks gave him that much money. It was the Hawks' fault, which is why they were so quick to trade him after giving him that contract. They realized his contract took up waaay too much flexibility with the cap. You can be sarcastic all you want, but the fact is that his contract (along with D-Will's if he doesn't play like Utah D-Will) will inhibit the success of the Nets, especially once the new luxury taxes kick in next season.
NYChe21::Then I'm gonna write him a letter to ask him to apologize to the Hawks.  Then write a letter to a certain Russian billionaire and ask him not to pay Joe Johnson that much money.
Z Wade::Josh Smith has nothing to do with how lousy Joe Johnson's contract is and how he doesn't dominate a game enough to warrant a contract like that which cripples his team's salary situation.
NYChe21::Luckily the Nets aren't the Hawks, who are only now realizing how Josh Smith isn't a great player.
Z Wade::In all honesty, game-winners might be fun to watch, but someone making that much money should account for a lot more wins than he has.
NYKWitness::word. for $20M the least he can do is hit big shots.
Gucci Force Four::True but when isn't then it's a waste
Gucci Force Four::Also he doesn't get much attention because people see him as someone who is overpaid
amnesia1979::But he's only overpaid because the Hawks literally offered him the max, when other teams were not.  That's not even remotely his fault.  Downing his game in some way, because of some organization's poor business decision is ridiculous.  Is he a max player - no.  Is he overpaid - yes.  Does he really deserve any flak for taking the Hawks' offer - hell no.  You don't turn down money.  All of us would have, and HAVE done the same thing, in different contexts.
Z Wade::It's not that people perceive him as being overpaid...he is overpaid. Grossly.
-tpac_12::"My sources say LeBron James did eat breakfast with family this morning" -Chris Broussard
Gucci Force Four::How does he know?!?
SheedSayBallDontLie::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine/?tradeId=axfe35c
Porkchop8920::Hawks win this deal EASY. Nets will NEVER take that. If they get Smith, it won't involve Brook.
SPGCPA::the Nets would hurt themselves from laughing at that proposal......they might even break a rib from laughing so hard....
rkini1::So the hawks would trade one player to avoid overpaying to get a player that is overpaid.. and also give up their best 3 point shooter.   no.
icebird753::brickklaaann bricklaaan.  wait, avery's not here anymore
Rigstrikesbak3278::Goodnight everyone have a good one, except for Hussein623 and Gucci I hope you have a bad night ;)
hussein623::bucks fans, get ready for another night of trolling from this rigstrikesback
Gucci Force Four::How can you have a good night when you sleep under a bridge?
hussein623::If i had a dollar for the number of friends rigstrikesback3278 has, i'd be broke
Gucci Force Four::Nah you'd have a dollar. Only one person agreed with him a little bit down lol.
hussein623::Gucci Force Four - Nah you'd have a dollar. Only one person agreed with him a little bit down lol.  LOL
Rigstrikesbak3278::ur mommy is my friend ;)
Gucci Force Four::Well obvious troll is obvious. Hence why I kept telling him if he's trying to troll be subtle it works better lol.
hussein623::Rigstrikesbak3278 - ur mommy is my friend ;)  *likes his own comment
Gucci Force Four::Unfortunately for you his mom has standards.
Rigstrikesbak3278::I don't troll its a sin and I don't want to go 2 hell, u will burn Gucci
hussein623::TROLLLLLLLL
djny2k12::My sources tell me Nets are better than the Knicks.       - Chris Broussard
icebird753::hoo hoo ha ha. nice job looking at the twitter feed
Gucci Force Four::Without Larry Sanders the Bucks wouldn't have had any chance against the Nets. The Nets did something the Bucks couldn't do and that's deliver down the stretch.
hussein623::I think u meant against the nets bro
hussein623::Gucci Force Four - Nah let him talk. Just further proving my point on who the troll is.  yeah ur right
Gucci Force Four::Nah let him talk. Just further proving my point on who the troll is.
Rigstrikesbak3278::hussein623 - Rigstrikesbak3278 - Gucci Force Four - Ya my bad lol.  illiterate f.aggot  Dude he made a mistake bruh chill out  speak when spoken to slave
hussein623::Rigstrikesbak3278 - Gucci Force Four - Ya my bad lol.  illiterate f.aggot  Dude he made a mistake bruh chill out
Rigstrikesbak3278::Gucci Force Four - Ya my bad lol.  illiterate f.aggot
Gucci Force Four::Ya my bad lol.
Rigstrikesbak3278::prove ur a true knicks fan???
Rigstrikesbak3278::Gucci you will never get my respect I can smell a phoney from a mile away and you're not a true Knicks fan ur just here to try and bait Net fans
hussein623::Im sorry Nets fans, but the Hawks are getting RIPPED OFF if they trade smith for hump and shon shon with a first rounder. Come on now, even yall nets fans can agree with me on that right?
NYChe21::Shhhhh.  Don't tell them yet.
Aureliux::Jennings and Monta are good but not as primary scorers. Would be better as second options on other teams.
Pack_Badg_errr1::All right guys.. it was a pleasure talking smack...  Im gonna go work on some Music in my studio now. (not that anyone cares.  lol).... Good game Nets fans....
Rigstrikesbak3278::Who agrees with me that Gucci is a troll/fake knicks fan
Gucci Force Four::Glad to see this is what non-Knicks fans are contributing to the board. I at least talked about the Bucks. I'm flattered that I'm that important to you both but I'm sure there's some lucky or unlucky as the case may be ladies out there for you.
NoThanks2U_25::I think he's a f@g as well
Rigstrikesbak3278::agreed
NoThanks2U_25::Oh wow Joe didn't go out and perform a brick show like he usual does. What a shame
NYChe21::Have you been watching this season.  8 of 9 with the score within 3 points with less than 30 seconds to go.  Clutch.
hussein623::I'm not a fan of either team and nor of the knicks, but these knicks fans are some top-notch trolls. They are making the Knicks look real bad. Im a hawks fan who really respects the nets. They are really good since the arrival of PJ. I have lost all respect for the knicks because of these trolls on a BROOKLYN NETS BOARD!!!
hussein623::See I don't really know who to believe, but how bout the two of yall just stop fighting and ignore eachother.
NoThanks2U_25::NYK fans are losers just like the pathetic team they support. When was last time NYK won anything? In the 70s? lmaoo
NYChe21::Haven't got it yet.
Gucci Force Four::Apparently getting the second seed in the East is pathetic who knew. Guess the Heat were pathetic last year then
Gucci Force Four::If you saw my posts you'd see what I actually contributed don't let Rigs fool you. Seems to me he needed something to take his mind off his crippling depression.
hussein623::But Knicks fans should not even be here.
Gucci Force Four::It's an ESPN board and I came to talk about basketball unlike the Rigs troll.
Rigstrikesbak3278::the only troll here is Gucci.
DPetro10::If the nets could take it all back without a doubt they would do the Johnson trade....  Most clutch player in the nba
Rigstrikesbak3278::From here on out if Gucci disrespects me again u will be ignored/deleted kid consider urself warned ;)
Gucci Force Four::In order for me to disrespect you I would have had to have actual respect for you first.
Pack_Badg_errr1::Gucci has been posting some very valid statements and arguments so why the hate Rig?
Rigstrikesbak3278::hes a troll who fakes being a knicks fan so he could get arise from net fans
Gucci Force Four::He's either a depressed Raptors fan or a self-loathing Nets fan from what I gather. Either way this is why the US needs to improve its research on mental illness.
Rigstrikesbak3278::Gucci why dont u go suck g.ay Z's camel sized co.ck u ignorant troll
Mets2410::he's the troll?
Gucci Force Four::Apparently lol.
Gucci Force Four::Yawn again you're trying too hard. Looks like you're a Toronto fan which explains why you're such a sad troll LOL.
Pack_Badg_errr1::I miss years of Allen, Big Dog and ET (Cassell) .....   I loved that team....
Brandon52841::ET.lololol
Rigstrikesbak3278::Gucci u are the biggest troll I have ever seen and stop trying to act like you're not ur trying to make knick fans look bad
Gucci Force Four::I'd take you more seriously if you were a fan of a team for starters.
KswizzyD777::bucks just need a good veteran, like kurt thomas and stackhouse was during "feer the deer"
NYChe21::I'm really amused by the 2 Knicks fans trying to out-troll one another.
Rigstrikesbak3278::lol
Gucci Force Four::Yup I saw what you originally posted. Thank you for exposing yourself troll.
Gucci Force Four::What you meant to say is one Knicks fan (me) and the troll. It's amusing to me lol.
Rigstrikesbak3278::Gucci Force Four is a Knicks troll/baiter
Gucci Force Four::How so when you root for the Nets, Raptors and Knicks?
Gucci Force Four::Says the guy that was talking trash about Milwaukee and talking so much trash on the Nets. Dude again if you're trying to troll be subtle. You're trying to hard and it's very sad.
Rigstrikesbak3278::Gucci Force Four - I'm so sure. Dude trolling works a lot better when you're subtle. But enjoy whatever deranged fantasy you believe in.  u make knicks fans look bad atleast dont troll other teams its pathetic true knicks fans dont do that
Gucci Force Four::I'm so sure. Dude trolling works a lot better when you're subtle. But enjoy whatever deranged fantasy you believe in.
Rigstrikesbak3278::im a knicks fan those teams were random
Gucci Force Four::Discovered a sad troll who doesn't even know what to team to root for: Rigstrikesbak3278
Pack_Badg_errr1::Jennings and Ellis combined to shoot 40% of Milwaukee' total team shots this year...    40% of the entire team from just 2 players...      and you wonder why Milwaukee loses games that they should be winning...     they combined for 1897 shot attempts out of 4531 team total attempts...  lmao
squiddy45::They're horrible together
squiddy45::I think most ppl know that's why they're losing. The hard headed ppl just blame it on either bj or monta
Raptorsfan080::THANK YOU BROOKLYN
Gucci Force Four::How can you be a Raptors and Heat fan? You're pathetic.
Gucci Force Four::Trolling how? If you saw my posts they were more critical towards Ellis and Jennings but whatever makes you fake fans sleep at night. Unlike you I can live with the fact that I root for one team.
Gucci Force Four::Yup I'm the fake Knicks fan even though I solely root for them compared to you and your plethora of teams. Could you at least try to be a real fan to one team instead of a bandwagoner?
NYChe21::Well Gucci is a trolling Knicks fan.  Rigs, you obviously just wanted the Bucks to lose so you have a legit reason to be here.
Gucci Force Four::Well due to the fact that you have the Heat on your favorite teams. And how convenient so you can play it both ways. They have the option to add favorite players instead of teams just saying.
Rigstrikesbak3278::Gucci Force Four - Dude you have the Knicks, Raptors and Nets as your teams and were ranking on the Nets earlier. So you just revealed yourself as a troll account trying to make real Knicks fans look bad. No wonder you know nothing.  shut up a.sshole im a true knicks fan i bleed orange and blue all day but ur a fake knicks fan
Gucci Force Four::Dude you have the Knicks, Raptors and Nets as your teams and were ranking on the Nets earlier. So you just revealed yourself as a troll account trying to make real Knicks fans look bad. No wonder you know nothing.
Raptorsfan080::HOW AM I A HEAT FAN? Im a Bosh fan. that is all
Rigstrikesbak3278::says the knicks fan
brooklynnets7::Anyone else still getting the chills?
brooklynnets7::I still am mind boggled. He is so clutch
J-Tjuan::I will say Joe Johnson is an awesome player. But, ask a Hawks fan, he sucks in the playoffs.
NYChe21::I think you're now realizing how useless Josh Smith is.  And therefore those Hawks teams just were not very good.
Sam Dekkers Dad::The bucks need to tank next year and draft Jabari Parker
Gucci Force Four::Parker is great but Wiggins is better. Wiggins would make Parker look like a poor man's Kwame Brown and THAT'S horrifying.
Sam Dekkers Dad::I don't know. I haven't seen as much of Wiggins, but Parker just looks so smooth when he plays. Kinda like Carmello
Pack_Badg_errr1::With Ellis and Jennings they will tank....
feelingsaucy24::isnt it their last years
Gucci Force Four::Legit the Bucks need to build around Beno Uldrih, John Henson and Larry Sanders. Doron Lamb could contribute and develop into a solid player. Have Ersan be your 6th man until he learns defense then he can start until that roll with Dunleavy. Dalembert would be a great backup for Sanders. Then just get rid of the waste that is Ellis Island and Jennings. Guaranteed the Bucks would be an improved team tenfold with that plan.
-FEARTHEDEER-::I'm cool with building with sanders and henson but udrih is old and a free agent after this year so that doesn't make much sense. Ersan can't create shots for himself other than getting rebounds so I don't think he is a good 6th man. We could do better than jennings and ellis but I don't think jennings is going to get anymore than 11 million a year and thats not too bad with our cap space.
Gucci Force Four::Uldrih is a stopgap really. Compared to Ellis and Jennings he's a franchise player hence why I said build around.
Gucci Force Four::I've learned that users with ESPN Insider accounts are morons and look at that the trend continues.
-FEARTHEDEER-::no.
Pack_Badg_errr1::Just getting rid of Jennings and Ellis would improve the bucks greatly...
