squiddy45::Bucks fans can't be mad at Tobias for his dunk at the end of the game. Harris deserved this moment, bucks fans should be pissed at Scott Skiles and Jim Boylan in particular. Even though it wasn't them who made the trade, they aren't even good enough coaches to see the potential in a guy like harris and decided to bench him for 2 straight months. Hopefully the same doesn't happen with john henson. Lets start the campaign to get Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in milwaukee
HotdogSalesman2012::just another 20 rebound night for Vucevic...the kind of thing Doug Collins routinely turns his nose up at...
Rambomonster9::So why did it take so long for Milwaukee to give Henson his deserved minutes???  He has played very well in all games where he actually plays.
squiddy45::after seeing tobias light them up they thought "mmm maybe our young guys do have talent"
oblique15::man my Celtics suck, but the Bucks still  make it easy to keep that 7th spot
The Bobcats Will Contend One Day::Monster stats for a lot of players this game. What the hell happened?
monta huling::They need some help they need some baller
milwaukeemonster2::WHY IS DANIELS EVEN IN THE LEAG!!!  LET ALONE PLAYING FOR MY BUCKS!!!
JCDish::Orlando has players that can get it done, they just need some more time to develop and become even better. I'm happy about this win even though it's the bucks and it was overtime, nevertheless great win for the Magic.
brosnan1231::Everyone who watched the Bucks this year saw Harris could play when needed a good scoring sf. This failed trade is on the GM. He should of held tight to our young roster and let it develop. Young but talented, Sanders, Ersan, Harris( traded), Ellis and or Jennings. That could have been a good front line for three or four years.
monta huling::Henson play like I know he can if they gave him the chance to play
ryanmofl::Great win Magic
nuneee2::man, just a lamb for slaughter. had every opportunity to take that 7th spot, too bad
flybye23::scared of the Heat huh ?
NEONMANIAC77::Beno &gt; Jameer
TheCronoMasterMind::Say what you want about the Magic, they have some nice pieces to build around in the coming years. It was also nice to see a win for once. They made 12 more shots than the Bucks, but only were award 8 total FT attempts again, even with 68 points in the paint...
orlmgc4ever::For God's sake are they going to put up the highlights??
JCDish::I know, where are the highlight for this game ESPN?
Michael 270::Why did we give up on Harris? John Henson seemed to have a stellar night. 25 Rebounds?
panther4406::because our owner is horrible
Watspoppin99::Tobias Harris's "FACK YOU" to the Bucks coaching staff
Gabriel Night::No highlights?
Margy010::Have the good fortune of owning both of these players on my fantasy roster and needless to say they led me to a 400+ point fantasy night. Thank you Mr. Harris and Mr. Vucevic
EKast2012::Do y'all think Henson can continue this type of performance in the remaining few games?  Or was he helped by (1) Sanders's injury and (2) weak opponent?  Should I add Henson to my fantasy team if it means dropping a decent player?
84jwin3::He is the youngest player on the team, but he does need more muscle.  He can be very good.
Teat-ar::But have no doubt about it, he will be a stellar player within a year or 2 if he is given the chance
korn7860::He has had games like this before, and afterward, he stunk it up.  He has obvious talent, but needs to add some muscle and overall weight before he can be a nightly contributor.   I say at least 1 more full season away from becoming a true factor on the court night in and night out.
Gabriel Night::It might be a good gamble if you just need a slight push to win.
Runwithgod33::So remember when the Redick trade went down and all the Bucks fans were cheering it on and the Magic fans were complaining about it?  Would you guys like to reverse that trade now?
Gabriel Night::Magic side here:  I didn't know much about those guys so I thought it was an okay trade. I like JJ, but I know we couldn't afford to pay him his worth while we had other needs for the team. JJ is great he just needs to find his niche.
lhscf1::I don't know of any real Bucks fans who were actually happy about the trade...I had been saying Tobias needed playing time ALL YEAR.
d_bokk::Only thing I'd change is I'd trade Jennings instead of Udrih/Harris
5Ohiostate5::yes
ac2830::no one was cheering....most were upset that we didn't go after Josh Smith and gave up on Harris without giving him a chance
Runwithgod33::We did go after Smith.  We had a deal done for him.  Atlanta pulled out at the last minute (like literally, 1 minute before the deadline).
colobr731::I hated the trade the second it happend. Pretty much every Bucks fan I know was shouting for Tobias to get playing time. nothing against Redick, but that kid has way too much potential to have given up on him that early.
panther4406::The blogs are all sheep. This team is going nowhere and will go nowhere so long as Herb Kohl owns this team. It's a slap in the face.
Runwithgod33::I felt the same way, but it seemed like everyone both here and at Bucksetball was thrilled with the trade.  Go back to the articles about the trade and read some of the original posts by Bucks fans.  The complaints were few and far between.  Still not sure why Tobias was never given much of a chance with us.
-FEARTHEDEER-::Bucks should do a sign and trade with Jennings to dallas for their pick and jae crowder. Then draft Michael Carter-Williams and Glenn Robinson III.
yanksonfire27::WHO IS THAT MEGAN CLEMENTI ? LOOKS PRETTY HOT.
asdbluecfl::She's fine.
Porkchop8920::WOW John Henson beast!!!
Jumeax::Freakish Game  Henson had 25 rebounds the other team had a player with 20 rebounds, and another player with 19 rebounds
yanksonfire27::PORTLAND WITH 40 IN THE 1ST QTR TONIGHT VS LA ? OUCH!!! KOBE NEEDS TO PLAY 48 MINS TONIGHT.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::If Orlando drastically improved Ryan Anderson' foot speed &amp; strength, ANYTHING is possible for Nicholson.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::I just noticed but, 19 REBOUNDs by a SF, WOW..
iiMKenny::He's a great rebounding forward.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::I guess it helps with Sanders, out, and no other C playing.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Can't wait to see Vuc, Nicholson &amp; O'Quinn after they go through Orlando's off season work-out regimen.   The same regimen that created Dwight Howard.   Its gona take 2-4 years for them but I think they'll be fine.
Aaron.Rob::I'm out.  Can't wait to see what 420 legendz posts when his Bucks get swept in the first round.
yanksonfire27::NICHOLSON NEEDS TO GET ON RYAN BRAUN'S WORKOUT REGIMEN. IT WOULD HELP HIM BUILD MUSCLE REAL QUICK.
Elton7323::make him train with arnold we will see some results quick.
yanksonfire27::HE'LL BE BACK.
KN_WisconsinFan::John Henson becomes only 4th player since 1985-86 to record 17 Pts, 25 Reb, 7 Blk in a game (Shaq, Mutombo, Olajuwon).   Thats good company
DarrickMC::Henson was okay. But, the third best performance in the game
Virgomused::Tobias just got 30 and 19....... Aaaaaand Vuc got 30 and 20.....
KN_WisconsinFan::ok?
420_Legendz::Soooo The Magic drafts the #1 picks &amp; the Lakers make them NBA Legends. OH I SEE HOW IT WORKS.
StryCross::Wont happen again... New management bruh
Runwithgod33::And a Giants fan?
iiMKenny::and a cardinals fan.
420_Legendz::Yes
iiMKenny::lol your a bucks fan.
420_Legendz::Yes
asdbluecfl::Nice game Magic. Way to finish.
Michigan2013Champs::Bucks messed up Harris' stats by not letting him play when they had him.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Poor Nicholson, the season is wearing on him.  You can tell O'Quinn is getting weary too.
asdbluecfl::Nicholsons got issues. Dont know if I fully buy him yet.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::He needs two years to build muscle. Too early to call. He's got a lot of talent. Just needs to hit the gym &amp; track.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::I think JV is protecting him from getting his confidence crushed.  He's not very strong at all.
yanksonfire27::DEFENSIVE ISSUES
yanksonfire27::HENSON IS A WILD ANIMAL ON THE GLASS. DUDE IS LIKE A DOBERMAN PINCHER SNAPPING AT A PIECE OF RAW MEAT WHILE SOMEONE TRIES TO BLOCK HIM FROM GETTING IT.
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::420_Legendz How do you know when they've beaten Miami once this year. This doubt is the same doubt that was given to the 71 Bucks team &amp; they overcame the odds ________ how do you know? Coming from where you do....I highly doubt your grandma was even born in 1971 kid.
420_Legendz::My grandfather was a Bucks fan &amp; his favorite player was the Big O. I've heard &amp; watched all the classic games. Mann the Bucks had some legends. I play with them all the time on NBA2k12
Elton7323::actually it would be mathematically possible
420_Legendz::Why did Shaq retire his jersey in LA? is it hanging in Orlando too... just curious
Porkchop8920::because he won 3 titles in LA...
Virgomused::Shaq doesn't matter, that was like 15 years ago, get over it.
Vestrogen::And why aren't they starting John Henson again?
Elton7323::bad coaching   p.s also the same minds behind benching harris.
yanksonfire27::HENNIGAN DID THE RIGHT THING NOT GOING FOR THE GEORGE LOPEZ  TRADE.
iiMKenny::LMAO... George Lopez
Elton7323::rofl
pico2013::Sixers look bad for trading Vuceic.   This guy has been the best center all season long.
Virgomused::Tobias, vucevic, harkless, Nicholson, Moore, jones, lamb, oquin ...... All rookies or sophomores from a lockout season. Get down on that.
Michigan2013Champs::I remember when bucks fans told me JJ was better than Harris
GradeA10714::Instead of Magic-Bucks fans going at each other let's divert our attention to the Lakers choking the playoffs away!
pico2013::Mark my words DOWN, Magic will make the playoofs next season.  Call me Nuts but Magic are gonna be title contenders in 2, 3 years.
dc_dupree::no chance bro
iiMKenny::No I say the following year. I'm actually hoping for another crappy season to draft Parker or Wiggins.
thoier::Yeah, you're nuts.
asdbluecfl::We can only hope. Magic fans deserve it for what we've been through in our short history...
GradeA10714::Before you assemble some form of a backcourt the playoffs are not in the picture here.
Elton7323::im very optimistic but dont get ur hopes high we still need a pg, sg and more consistent play to be that good.
Virgomused::Love that tobias slammed it home up 8 with 6 seconds left. Boss. Also love how bucks fans are talking about how the magic aren't going anywhere when three of their best players are about to leave the team.
Lofton222726::Tobias Harris makes a mockery out of Milwaukee for trading him. In my opinion. Laughable and I hope it haunts Milwaukee for years. They f'd up bad
TheFeedMachine::Vintage Monta Ellis going 7-27.
jnicho20::Tennessee Vol fan and CJ Watson and Tobias Harris are the only guys in the NBA. So I've started following the box scores at least (Magic don't get many national telecasts this year) and haven't gotten to see him play. Have they been having Harris guard the 3 or the 4?
jnicho20::I thought as much. His speed is more an advantage against larger power forwards than his size is against quicker threes.
jnicho20::Yeah. At UT he was great at getting to his spot off the dribble. He could just be a little awkward getting the shot up once he got there.  Sounds like he has improved his shooting. His 3 point shooting was questionable at college range before.
Elton7323::yup but he can do both, so he is very versatile and deadly once he puts some moves on his man.
Elton7323::the 4
Elton7323::420_legendz are u smoking weed while posting just curious
420_Legendz::no. I'm getting ready for the playoffs. What am i suppose to expect? Bucks to lose. WTF LMAO!!!
Aaron.Rob::you can soon expect to be swept.
Aaron.Rob::lol we have to tell God to stop letting trayvon use the computer
Elton7323::lol
shawn prather::How do u have a 5sec call out of a time out?
