tommygtaa::I'm so exited with this games, anyone going to see any game today ? well i know this site usually got nice streams www.mynbatv.com i watched yesterday chicago vs clippers
mpdalry1::Lob city...blah blah blah.  That's not going to beat good teams from the West consistently
genjeskhan::"defeat" is putting it lightly, more like a schooling.
john162023::SPURS BABY!!!!! LOS SAN ANTONIO SPURS !!!
sprtfanusa::The slippers errr Clippers suck.Slippers fans can come back to reality and remember who you really are. You have two really good players and that's about it.You will make the playoffs which is something special for a team that doe's so once every decade.Let go of your championship aspirations because it ain't happening. The model for building championship teams play's in the same building as you and you still can't figure it out. I can't even feel sorry for slippers fans because here in LA we've told them all along how bad the slippers really are.
mas93287::.
.Silky Johnston.::amen!
mr mellow::The spurs sent a message last night.  Do not read your press clippings.  We are not retired yet.  We know how to win and have been doing it for years.
summerg0th::The Clippers have a window of 2 years, thats this year and next, to do something. If they don't Blake and CP3 will leave. Part of the agreement of the CP3 trade was that he would not exercise his option and stay in the Clips for 2 years. With that being said, Donald Sterling is a horrendous owner, and if history does repeat itself, the Clips will still not be doing anything, and those 2 guys will probably leave.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::One year window if you count the year VDN will hold them back, no year window if he's there next year too.
lakers4life35::and theyre off to go across the hallway and sign with a real winner..the purple and gold...hahaha
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Am I the only one who thinks, the only thing Blake Griffin can do is dunk on offense?  - Thought?
lakers4life35::no ur not alone..and jump over kias
Briagan::Just dunk. Haven't you seen the commercials?
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Well he is still a sophomore.  We will see in a few years, I guess.
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Those 3 where the best defenders at their position in the NBA at the time.
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Jordan was my man, but Pippen was the next, &amp; Rodman once he signed with the Bulls of course.  The glory years of the NBA.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::It's also one of the reasons when i was young no one ever got why Pippen was my favorite player on the Bulls and not Jordan.
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Yeah, I like a good defensive team.  Hopefully my team (Bulls) pull together the D they had last  year here soon, I loved watching Deng, Noah, &amp; Taj Gibson.  Did anyone see the Miami vs Bobcats game? Biyombo looks like he is going to turn in to the next Defensive Madman.  Has some crazy blocking skills.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::I just want to see him become more of a defender. I've always appreciated defense in basketball. And he's lacking
Cadillac_Too_Cold::And not all of his Points come from wide open, break away dunks. He's got some post moves and touch on his layups
Cadillac_Too_Cold::He has a decent jump shot from close, but nothing real consistent like Elton Brand had.
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::I was just curious, I havent seen him play really, just highlights of dunking. Lol.
hookemzuniga1022::been saying that since last season.  Like howard before him. dwight has polished a little bit more but blake is still bad
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Well he doesn't really have to do much else if he's scoring 25+ a game. He needs to improve but it doesn't mean he cant. Look how long it took Dirk to develop a post game. It took Howard 9 years to develop an offense
Cadillac_Too_Cold::The Spurs have been playing together for a LONG time. The Clippers only have Griffin and Jordan who've been there and that's only been one year.
el_dude00::Yawn. My Spurs are looking good early, but still have plenty of work to do. I love that we didn't amnesty RJ. He's responding by playing well in what has become a contract year for him. Amnesty him next year.   Still very early though. Blair and Splitter still have some growth to do.
Dnice261::Blake Griffin gives his opinion a little too much without backing it up. He is great offensively, but frequently missing on defense, then complaining about the team's defense. He looks like a fish out of water the way he flops around.
69Lakers2012::im glad san antonio beat them yesterday....clippers just too young and the lakers need to get howard!!!
lakers4life35::cuz all he can do is dunk on kias and flop...
PartyLikeACaveman::i think we need some time before we rush to judgement on newly formed teams, but one thing remains clear... Vinny looks like a dear in the head lights, it must be nice having cp3 and just say, uhh hey can you go win this game for me.  to bad the clips got down by 25 last night and that wan not an option.  Take the medicine clippers, and haters watch out, especially you pounder, clips vs bulls are next
Thong_Pounder::Ha... Clippers still blow. CP3 is overrated. Howard to Chicago. $@%! all.
haberguy::after they're second game together... do people not understand the need for chemistry? it'll come with time.
cchess27::Once again proving the Spurs are still a great team with no national respect
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Rivers or Thibodeau (spelling)
PartyLikeACaveman::with out running any specific plays they shredded the clips, coach pop is the best coach in the league now with the departure of sloan and jackson... and second place for coach is not even close, but id give it to rivers i guess?
cchess27::I have them losing in the confrence finals to okc if they can get along
Frank38443::I must admit the Spurs offense was like butter last night. RJ couldn't miss. Manu showing that he is still a premiere shooting guard in this league. Parker picking people apart like he was in a scrimmage. And Duncan proving that he still has some bounce left in those legs. I have the Spurs at #3 out West this season.
..Clipster..::Laker fans, until last night: "OMGZ DAVAD STURN SUX CP3 SHUD BE A LAKUR RIGGED RIGGED"  Laker fans now: "LOLOLOL CP3 SUX HEZ GARBIGE SAME OLD CLIPURZ"
k08324::..Clipster.. Member Since: December, 29 2011	Comment Count: 0  	two favorite teams  Clippers Miami... Bangwagoner!
..Clipster..::Lakers: 1-2.  Get to .500 and then talk smack.    And funny how you're now all fronting like CP3 is "garbage" now and you didn't want him anyway, when up until this game, you whined every day about David Stern for blocking the trade.
lakers4life35::clipster..ur weak..no comebacks..if u dish it..u gotta be able to take it..typical clipper fan
69Lakers2012::yeah LAKERS.... we always come back on top of the WEST!!!!!!!!
lakers4life35::we can talk smack even when were 1-2 cuz we can back it up...we got 16 championships to prove it...clips got nothing to show for but hype and talk...fake griffin can dunk like no other..but no D and flops better than vlade
k08324::Clipster?? haha when you create that username?  two weeks ago?  D O U C H E
LetsGeauxHeauxCFB::same old Clippers lol
Hipolito43::2-0 baby!!! 66-0!!!!  GO SPURS GO!!!!
ListenToMeAndYouWillKnow::Clippers have a better record than the Lakers. Laker fans shut up until your team has a better record.
lakers4life35::we'll have a better record by the end of the weekend...lob city..poor man's version of showtime...showtime won rings...lob city...won sh*t..
Frank38443::RIP Clippers Dec. 14 2011 - Dec. 28 2011
jasiekforever::clippers are lost defensively... that's a coaching problem
kobeair2424::Clippers shot horribly
Pusherman3::Man, you have to respect the Spurs...they just won't die.  Pop is a GREAT coach.
hookemzuniga1022::boom
outlaws3232::Cp3 or not, the clippers are still the clippers. Still not ready for the big time.
4RealRick::nobody talking bout us, keep killin em softly
kryptonthreads::Dear clippers bandwagoners. lol. CP3 had 10 pts. what a savior for your franchise.
jcmaggi::Spurs showing that reports of their imminent demise are grossly over exaggerated
Jason_ninenine::Well.. they'll always have preseason
lob_angeles::Clippers need time to gel.  You could tell from there play last night that the chemistry isn't quite there yet.  They could also use a decent shooting guard and another big.  Look, as a lifelong Clippers fan all I want is for them to make the playoffs and beat up on the Lakers a bit.  That is all I ask for.  Anything extra than that would be gravy.
NyGiantsXYankesXLakers::hahah yea that what it is GEL hahah they suck
lakers4life35::haha..fake griffin can use some gel on that head of his
buzzkill90265::I am not going to call any team dead or give any team the championship after the first week of short season without a training camp. But I will say this while the Clippers where talking the Spurs where quietly going about their business and that is why they were better prepared to play them when they met early in the season.
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::chris paul better win a lot of games or i think his trade was overhyped
Nagdabbit::Lol a Phillies/Eagles fan praying someone takes the 'overhyped' mantle...
91Gmoney9009::Is anyone gonna beat Miami? Honestly, I think the only team with a shot is the Thunder and maybe the Bulls if they meet in the Eastern Conference Final.
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::They play again Sunday... People are starting to figure out how to defend Miami, just run a zone Defense that will keep them from running to the rim and looking for the foul.
truetotheend::they barely beat the bobcats...get outta here with that.  Go to the Heat Index where they can relate to your Heat.
garner366::doesnt matter if they barely beat anyone, a win is a win!!!! 3-0 babbbbbyyyyyy 3 n ooooooo oo!!!!
91Gmoney9009::They look better than last year in my opinion.
Nagdabbit::Didnt we hear this last year...
jaylee883::no d city
wahzoo5::this just in....they are the Clippers after all
boom.shaka.::Did I miss the Clippers championship riot?  Is there still time to vandalize a cab?
bizzo.james::Lob City!!! LMFAO
conlevis2::yeah, but Griffin had a few nice dunks though....I mean, that's all that matters in "Lob City" right?
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::so is this just a fluke or do the clips suck? did not see was too busy making moves on Facebook
91Gmoney9009::Man every blog ur in u say ur makin moves on Facebook lol u a pimp?
91Gmoney9009::Looks like this dream team isnt so dreamy...You cant argue with their talent level, but just like the Heat last year, the chemistry isnt there. Losing to a very old Spurs team by 25 is not championship caliber. I dont care if its the 2nd game or the 65th game! On a positive note, Blake Griffin is looking even better this year. If he keeps playing like this, the Clips might have a chance!
cchess27::well said dolfan!!!
truetotheend::He is bringing up age because that is all they can fall back on.  Most fans of teams that just got handled by the Spurs will pull the same card.  We dont need to explain anything to the losing fan base.  let them believe what they want.  Fact is the Spurs just whipped the $h!t outta the Clips and it wasn't even close.  The 2nd unit played almost the entire 4th qtr and the Clips still struggled.  The 2nd unit had no camp as well but yet the Spurs get no credit.  Coaching is so underrated.
Zo3313::Just because people think the Spurs are old doesnt mean they are old. Alot of people think LeBron James is better then Kobe and Jordan does that mean they are right?
Hipolito43::QB15&gt;Lebron, Kobe and Jordan
91Gmoney9009::Go ask 100 people who are the 3 oldest teams in the NBA right now. Guarantee the majority would say Spurs, they just seem like they have had the same roster for 10 years.
91Gmoney9009::Ur putting a number on everything! Although Tony Parker is not 30 yet, he is old. Tim Duncan is 35 but he is old. Ginobli is 34, but he is old. Im not referring to a number when I am saying they are old. I am referring to their speed and physical condition. How long can they last running with teams like the Thunder or the Clips? Dirk Nowitzki said it perfectly about the Mavericks, " We are old, slow, and out of shape." Spurs, Lakers, Mavs, Celtics all of them.
jaylee883::The spurs will always be legit and the old thing wtf? Yeah Duncan is getting up there but there is lots of young talent on the spurs. I am a die hard lakers  fan and I will tell you right now never underestimate the spurs. Championship players, championship coach , great young talent.
dolfan2949::The only thing "old" is the tired, worn out arguments about the Spurs being "old". When are you haters gonna get it? They are not "old"; their average age on the team is 27.6 years old, which is barely above the league average of 26.   What you saw last night is a Spurs team showing it's championship mettle and their experience; which I will take any day over being "flashy". But that's ok, I expect all the NBA pundits, and fans like you to discount the Spurs, yet again, while they go about their business and just win.  Go Spurs Go!!
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Spurs are a great team, You never hear about them, because they are all business.
Bayouboydotnet::The Clips have too many point guards, no small forwards and their bigs play 0 defense. they wont even be better than the Hornets...
truetotheend::he should have signed with the Spurs.  He would be a happy man today
91Gmoney9009::And I believe Caron Butler is playing Small Forward, I suppose hes no good either?
91Gmoney9009::DeAndre Jordan plays 0 defense? Im not even a Clippers fan but C'mon man. That dude had 8 blocks in the season opener.
JeremyAce4::Nice win for the Spurs, but I can't help but think that their frontcourt depth is suspect.  One injury and they are in trouble.
91Gmoney9009::C'mon why not, Marvin had 17 points last night!
wahzoo5::bring in Shaq
fred3609::oh no thank you lol
91Gmoney9009::As a Hawks fan, I would gladly give you Marvin Williams and Josh Smith for Ginobli!!!
dolfan2949::LOL; very funny!!   :o)
Spursdc::Alot of teams are in the same boat. There aren't a lot of quality big men to go around
fred3609::you are right the spurs need one more big man!!
cwa16547::Great win, didnt get to watch it but i saw the score lol go spurs!
milw-jay::No one, and I mean no one, has given the Spurs any love at all for this season. Maybe someone should?
Spursdc::Let them coast through the season under the radar
vahamaa::Watching both games this year, it's a great start for the Spurs. I hope they can keep this up and not use so many minutes playing Manu, Timmy, and Tony. Let the young guys get some reps.
cchess27::The young guys definately got to play last night...no player played more than 27 mins
fred3609::its just one Game the spurs look good like the D you people think the spurs are old you need to open your eyes avg age for the spurs team is 27 years  old yes we still have tony parker whos still 29 and tim duncan 35 Manu Ginobili 34  and we also have james anderson 22 Dejan Blair 22 Kawhi Leonard 20 Tiago Splitter 26 T.J. Ford 28 Gary Neal 26 Lakers and Mavs are the oldest teams in the League Go Spurs Go!!!!!
Sublime4eva::LMAO at Spurs fans actually thinking they have a good team this year.
dolfan2949::LMAO at fans like you who haven't got a clue about BB. Let me guess, you're either a Flakers fan or some other pundit favorite. But keep on thinking the Spurs don't have anything; we like flying under the radar.  Go Spurs Go !!
fred3609::its just one Game the spurs look good like the D you people think the spurs are old you need to open your eyes avg age for the spurs team is 27 years  old yes we still have tony parker whos still 29 and tim duncan 35 Manu Ginobili 34  and we also have james anderson 22 Dejan Blair 22 Kawhi Leonard 20 Tiago Splitter 26 T.J. Ford 28 Gary Neal 26 Lakers and Mavs are the oldest teams in the League Go Spurs Go!!!!!...
GoCowboysGoLonghorns::Spurs will have a good regular season but won't last long in the playoffs unfortunately.
nba is the worst::I love speculation - the short season makes a difference - if they can stay healthy, they could go all the way
Sublime4eva::Clippers will be fine, San Antonio is running on borrowed time.
dolfan2949::yeah, you go ahead and bank on that theory... ROTFLMAO at all the "experts" posting on here.
fred3609::its just one Game the spurs look good like the D you people think the spurs are old you need to open your eyes avg age for the spurs team is 27 years  old yes we still have tony parker whos still 29 and tim duncan 35 Manu Ginobili 34  and we also have james anderson 22 Dejan Blair 22 Kawhi Leonard 20 Tiago Splitter 26 T.J. Ford 28 Gary Neal 26 Lakers and Mavs are the oldest teams in the League Go Spurs Go!!!!!...
klesk80::The OLD SPURS PAPA TEAM is having a good start..... But with all this back to back games.....They're gonna soon run out of gas very soon
fred3609::its just one Game the spurs look good like the D you people think the spurs are old you need to open your eyes avg age for the spurs team is 27 years  old yes we still have tony parker whos still 29 and tim duncan 35 Manu Ginobili 34  and we also have james anderson 22 Dejan Blair 22 Kawhi Leonard 20 Tiago Splitter 26 T.J. Ford 28 Gary Neal 26 Lakers and Mavs are the oldest teams in the League Go Spurs Go!!!!!...
duncan21dynasty::More than anything, I just wish the Spurs would get the respect they deserve. I mean, the reason they lost last year in the playoffs, people don't realize, Ginobili broke his arm, and he's their 2nd best player. He's like 1B on their team, Duncan being 1A. He missed the first game entirely, and then came back wearing basically a huge sling. Nobody on Earth could convince me the Mavs were a better team than the Spurs last season. Nobody.
Sublime4eva::No one needs to convince you cause the Mavs were better.  Spies had a good record but because of there offense, not there defense and everyone knows the years they won there rings was because of the defense they had.
BigPage24::Man Clippers should of kept eric gordon on the team... Hes a way better player than chris paul and would of been a better fit on the team with chauncy running the point...
duncan21dynasty::Eric Gordon isn't even comparable to Chris Paul.
