Bobby Daniels::was jordan at the game? does anyone know?
lbcguy2000::Kevin Love can rebound and shoot the three pointer.  Please stop hyping him up to be something he is not.  He certainly isn't an MVP candidate.
eototal::^ lol
FTLakerFan::Love is putting up video game numbers, rediculous
FTLakerFan::Im a Laker fan, but this guy has got to be the MVP this year, he is putting up numbers that nobody can come close to, but my guess is the will give it to the best regular season basketball player ever, at least for the first 3 qtrs, LeSuck James
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::It's the Bobcats, so what?
SupaFlySupreme::How is K-Love putting up these numbers and the wolves are still so bad?
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::I know right. That means he's clearly NOT making his ENTIRE team better. They have TOO much talent on that team for him to put up number like that &amp; still not win more. I'm tired of hearing all those excuses that they have a new coach, rookies, injuries &amp; play in the West.
luvnbayes::I agree with most of what you said.  Love does not make anyone around him better.  But they DO NOT have too much talent, in fact, from the neck up they are right near the bottom of the league.  They have more knuckleheads than anyone.  Darko, Beasley, and Webster just for starters.  The team would be winning if Rubio was around, but he's not, and thus they are not.
chisoldier::Kevin Love is an absolute monster.  I just hope that the Wolves dont let all that talent waste away without putting a contending team around him like they did with Garnett
ummhello3::jesus every time i get on this website i see some ridiculous stat line from kevin love on the right hand side
ummhello3::i meant to put an accent mark in there hes my landscaper
CPlame41::You know Jesus??
dafish48::Twolves are not out of the playoffs yet... IF K love drops another 40pts 20 rebs game. I think he should be a lock for MVP who else is putting up all around numbers like this. I think he is top 5 in scoring ppg and 2nd in rebounds. Not to mention his shooting percentage clutch shots and 3-point ability all around solid NBA player and great guy. LOVE for MVP
tresbone::Sorry, at least part of the MVP designation is relevant to how your team is doing. No playoffs, no MVP, I don't care if you average 50/25 with 10 assists pg and no turnovers.
eototal::The thing is about those better teams. They actually have other good players helping their "MVP".
evolution_xx::Kevin Love the best player in the NBA period.   --King James
Shout_Out_To_The_Matrix::I know he hasn't been playing at quite this high a level allllll season but...could u make the case for best PF in the league right now?
mn_tanz::I think it would be harder to make a case that someone else is the best PF in the league right now.
Yungdubz27::If Kevin Love avg 5 more assist per game they would be saying he is having the best season ever.
Yungdubz27::I was just joking man...I already think he is having a monster season. Need to get some more blocks but thats not really his game.
CPlame41::haha, That's like asking a player to score 12 more points per game...
Yungdubz27::As his team wins more then he will get more MVP talks...The T-Wolves are young...they have a lot of talent on that roster, they should be fine next year.
mn_tanz::Ah, I thought that was serious.  Legitimately, if he was getting 7 assists a game, I think you would have to consider this as one of the best seasons of all time.  What the guy is doing is just absurd.    I would take either more steals or more blocks.  He plays PF, so you would hope for more blocks than he has.  But he also spends quite a bit of time on the perimeter, so you could also hope for more steals, instead.  I don't think that even the most fervent KLove supporters would say that he doesn't need to improve on his defense, and improving in either/both of those areas would certainly strengthen his MPV talk and would likely give the team a few more wins throughout the season.
mn_tanz::Well yeah.  It's pretty tough to average 26.6 points per game and have about 7 assists per game as well, especially while not playing a guard position.  He's already having a ridiculous season, stat-wise.  His defense is improved quite a bit from last year, but it still isn't where wolves fans want it to be.    If he was as smart on the defensive side of the court as he is on the offensive side of the court, I think the wolves would be a playoff team with ease and he would be hands down the MVP.
tresbone::KLove is definitely the real deal, however this MVP talk is crazy. He's only been in "Jordan Mode" for what? 15 games? Before that he was in "very good player" mode. Sorry, that's not enough for MVP. I'm going to buy a Kevin Love jersey but there is no way he is MVP over the other Kevin. You know, the one who has been destroying the league ALL SEASON LONG. Next year KLove, next year.
mn_tanz::KLove wouldn't get my vote for MVP- at least not 1st place, but maybe 2nd or 3rd- but Love has been in "Jordan Mode" for whole season.  He averages 26.6 PPG- Durant averages 27.8.  Not that big of a difference.  Rebounds are no comparison- 13.9 to 8.1.    It's tough to compare stats, though, because they play different styles and different positions.  Durant has more steals, blocks and assists, but he also has more scorers to pass to on his team and plays a position where more creation for others is expected.  The blocks, though, Love should be leading in and isn't (considering their positions), and steals should be more frequent for a SF than they are for a PF.
Hey where did Tebow go::Kevin Love is a freak.
brad3788::if i was drafting a team and i had any one to pick from i would pick kevin love
luvnbayes::No you wouldn't.  I have been a huge Kevin Love since his year at UCLA.  I put on this blog that I thought the T-Wolves got the better end of the Mayo trade, and how many people thought that at the time?  But every GM and owner in bb would choose Lebron to start a team.  And if not Lebron, Kevin Durant.
CPlame41::I'm curious to see how his game will progress after another 4 years of being banged up. His ability to shoot the three will help with his longevity, but for some reason I see him hitting a wall around the 31 years old mark. Also, at some point he'll have to take a hit in his numbers if he wants to win. I'm a Mavs fan who watched Dirk blossom...enjoy it Wolves fans...enjoy it. He seems like a humble star that will accept the challange of bringing a title to your city and not jump ship like many do..
philsPill12::Kevin Love won't be 31 until the start of the 2019-2020 season
eototal::I agree.
luvnbayes::If the Wolves get a smart, veteran shooting guard for next year, and if Rubio is healthy, the Wolves will definitely make the playoffs, maybe even be a top four team.  They have a lot talent right now but no savvy.  Rubio has it in bunches, and it will take just one more player with a high bb IQ to make the Wolves truly formidable.
mn_tanz::I think the problem with Rubio for next year is that so many wolves fans expect him to be back for the start of the season- he won't be, even by optimistic projections.  He just had his surgery, I think on March 21.  Expect 9 months, and even then, he won't be full strength.  That puts him back at the end of December.  Most NBA seasons start at the end of October.    Wolves are going to need solid PG production from somewhere else next season to make the playoffs so that Rubio can ease his way back in, and hopefully, he'll be full strength by the end of the season.
CoachG2345::First Take actually talking Kevin Love for MVP!!!!!!
tcccfrom713::lol an MVP who didnt even make the playoffs, its like working, you can be the best worker in the world but if you dont show up, it dont matter, thats whats going on here, you can be the best PF in the league, but if you dont win games, it dont matter
mn_tanz::Although, I should say that I don't think Kevin Love is the MVP of the league.  He needs better defense, and if he had that, I may change my mind.
mn_tanz::I disagree.  As with any team sport/activity, you can have an individual that is fantastic while the team around him is awful.  I competed in speech and debate in college and we had a balanced team.  No one was going to win individual national titles, but we were all good and contributed to the team success, which let us be one of the top programs in the country.  Northwestern University, on the other hand, was small and didn't have much in terms of balance or talent on the team, aside from one guy.  So his team didn't win team accolades, but this guy did.  It's completely possible, IMO, to be the most valuable or best player, but not have your team succeed due to the talent around you, or lack thereof.
CoachG2345::why is it funny? Kareem did it in '76... you do realize Kareem is arguably one of the best players of all time and his MVP with no playoffs led into him winning titles... as a Twolves fan, this would be fantastic for K Love to win an MVP and fuel the team to get even better
tcccfrom713::if Twolves were top 10 in the league then maybe, but you cant be MVP when your team is Bottom 10
mn_tanz::Who's in the bottom 10?  Teams with worse records than the Timberwolves: (1) Charlotte, (2) Washington, (3) New Jersey, (4) Toronto, (5) Cleveland, (6) Detroit, (7) Milwaukee, (8) New Orleans, (9) Sacramento, (10) Golden State, and (11) Portland.    And they're just a 1/2 game back of phoenix.  This isn't like Minnesota is a bottom feeder team.  They just aren't in the playoffs in the very competitive western conference.
butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
Heritage Champion::I back off of everything I had to say about Love during the Team USA run. After all, that was a perimeter dominated team. It's hard for a Big man to display his skills with a slew of selfish guards and prolific scoring swing meen. Love without a doubt is the absolute best power forward that I've seen since Tim Duncan. All NBA 1st team all day and a top 3 candidate for MVP of the league this seaon; especially if Minnesota makes the playoffs. It's taken me all season to acknowledge him...better late than never.
Heritage Champion::Skill wise, he's better than they are right now. I agree with you about the accomplishments though.
CPlame41::EAAASSSYYY...He is a very very good player, Yes. But, let him make it to a couple of finals before we completly leapfrog what Dirk and Garnet have accomplished and put him next to Duncan as one of the generations best power forwards.
eototal::were in a new gen.
Psahni::The Best Player on the Best Team and the MVP need to be distinguished. The MVP needs to go to the guy who does the most for his team. In that Regard, no one comes close to what Love means to the Timberwolves.
luvnbayes::I am a HUGE fan of Love, but he is not even the most important player on his own team.  That would be Ricky Rubio.
CPlame41::I could not disagree more..
David Richie::thus making him more valuable
David Richie::yeah but how much worse would the wolves record be without love? they would probably lose more games without love then the heat would without lebron or the thunder without KD
obatron1::Yeah but it also helps if your team is above .500
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
htimsr40::Silas knows a little something about rebounding and strong play.  When he praises Love, it is praise that counts.
eototal::Wolves are only 2.5 games out from the 7th seed. This is going to be a fun last part of the season.
greenduck008::and last half of the seasons against some winnable teams
Psahni:::-/ not enough games left if you ask me I wish we hadn't dropped that one the other night.
eototal::2.5 games can be made up really quick.
Jlobello04::K Love = whole team he had almost half their points
log jamming::Wolves get a nice shooting guard and they are set for a deep playoff run with a healthy rubio late next year. Its science. ANCHORMAN 2 baby!!!
CandySparker::Lovin' USA
jonnyd_94::Poor Kurt Rambis
jonnyd_94::although to be fair, I think Rambis would do a better job with the Lakers than Mike Brown
Ref Dunked on you haha::I don't care how bad the TWolves record is!!            LOVE FOR MVP BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
eototal::Its not even that bad. Were 2.5 games out.
The. North. Star. State.::Blake Griffin is way better than Love.
Ref Dunked on you haha::And that is why your incorrect.
eototal::That man clearly lacks a sense of sarcasm.
The. North. Star. State.::I know.  I am a Wolves fan.  I was just practicing being a Clippers fan.
Ref Dunked on you haha::Incorrect
The. North. Star. State.::Dude Blake Griffin jumps really high.  Love is only a better shooter, rebounder, and defender.
ChimeraLycan::laughing at anyone who doesn't think Love is a viable MVP candidate
ACandOJ::Kevin Love putting up all these numbers on a team that's going to end up back in the lottery....nice
jonnyd_94::their lottery pick goes to New Orleans....MCHALE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The. North. Star. State.::2 and half games back with 15 left to play.....  You are right.  The Wolves should just give up.
eototal::<span style="font-family: Humanst521CnBT;"><span style="text-decoration: blink;"><span> Kevin Love MVP 2012</span></span></span>
tcccfrom713::lol an MVP who didnt even make the playoffs, its like working, you can be the best worker in the world but if you dont show up, it dont matter, thats whats going on here, you can be the best PF in the league, but if you dont win games, it dont matter
Terry1574::K. Love MVP!
JesseThomasCooper::gotta win games first
eototal::They would if 2/5ths of their starters were healthy.
jiggy007::Get Rubio back= title.
woodyattjon::Will the Bobcats win 10 games this season? I say no
tcccfrom713::Minnasota, land of the white big man, Kevin Love, Pekovic, Darko, and Brad Miller, they are doing good this year considering where they were last year and injuries this year, Rick Addlemon will have that team contending in a few years for sure
tcccfrom713::haha u must be from there, I tell people that all the time about Illinois
MNGuy3333::Thats not how you spell Minnesota!
BoshIsMyHero::Seems like this guy is putting up numbers like this every night.
MNSPORTS93::He has been lately. Averaging 31 points in march, put up 51 and 15 or something in OKC, 30-20 after that, and now 40-19
Jack Kelso.::Love &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; that overrated dunk machine
kenbomc::Can't stop the power of Love.
NBA_refs_are_weak::this guy is 3-4 years from whats supposed to be entering his prime. I can only imagin what hes going to look like then
Otz1936::Probably like Kevin Love but with more wrinkles
rdubsno::K love is trippin.. Never thought he'd be this comin out of ucla, crazy what he's doin!!
thegreatma3::klove for mvp.  best pf in this league....on track to have a tim duncan type career.
OOHnirav::Tim Duncan played better defense and had better post moves, so it's not really a fair comparison. Kevin Love, like tsinakis said, will hopefully define his own career without using anyone else's name as a crutch. He has all the makings of being legendary in his own right.
tsinakis::If he keeps getting better he will have a Kevin Love type of career.  Wont be anybody to compare him too.   He just needs to win championships.
eototal::What games have you been watching? lol Such a fail statement.
Jack Kelso.::He's had some pretty clutch shots, I would say you are wrong there Jazz fan.
kenbomc::yes he has.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::needs to get in the playoffs first....k-love kinds sucks at defense and hasn't proven to be a go-to player in crunch time
loveSuperfractor::Lets just say that it was a full season this year.  The wolves would be on pace to win 40.  Take the 17 games they won last year, and they would have improved this year by 23 wins.  Nobody gets it......... Love for MVP!!
jared_de_man::rubio has not been playing in these amazing games love has had... not sure how we impacts that. ridnour has been considerably better. coaching staff much improved. love most improved again. pekovic boost. i say all around improvement. including rubio.
OOHnirav::You know that Love was on the team last season when they won 17 games, right? The major differences this season are Adelman and Rubio.
kenbomc::...and Love.
md7152::Love, Ridnour again.  Go Wolves.
datmangud::i can not believe they didn't cover WTF
XxLeprechaunxX::Derrick Williams in a bit of a slump, hope he can step it up the next few games, idk how much longer before K-Love back gives out lol
Chuloflow::Wolves suck u guys just beat the worst team in the NBA by only 5 pts ???? WOW why not 15 like everyone else LOL
loveSuperfractor::Considering that their starting point guard is out for the season,and Michael Beasely was out with foot problems and also their  starting Center didnt play, I dont think they did that bad.
MNSPORTS93::Lol says the cheap-a$$ sheating saints fan. You couldn't get to the superbowl without playing dirty.
SaintsNO9::typical minnesota sports fan. the consummate excuse maker...
PoRtEr_24::ya we must suck, just took OKC to double overtime at their place.
eototal::ask Chuloflow that.
OOHnirav::Who won that game?
lakerfankingfan::Is MN warm or does it always have snow?
minny snowta::HAHAHA! my buddy just got back to the twin cities from L.A.  He left last week and it was 75' in mpls and when he touched down at L.A.X it was 52'.  this global warming s h i t is awesome!  lakerfankingfan, we have extreme seasonal change.  Winter's are snowy and cold, although this year it was very mild, like record breaking.  In the summer we get high temps of 90-100 in waves and it's humid.  Your d um b a ss couldn't take it here.  Good game wolves, a win is a win!
MNsportsfan77::Are Californians always this stupid?
eototal::My sister and her husband went out to California on a trip. They told someone they were from Minnesota. That person then responded...oh you're Canadian? ..... -_-
tsinakis::yes
Dinomeyt::Its been warm since January. One huge snowstorm and nothing since. Its supposed to hit near 80 saturday
PoRtEr_24::Love = BEAST
