D Wade fan since 04-05::So I guess all the Wade doubters still think last nights loss was all on Wade.
timfactor7::Does anyone think that Wade is past his prime? It's pretty clear this season it's Lebron's team this season and when you factor in Wade's age and injury history, I just think his best years are behind him. I don't think he's one of the 5 best players in the game anymore. I would take dwight, durant, lebron, kobe and derrick rose over him any day of the week.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Nope. If Wade is past his prime, Kobes prime is dead and gone. Kobe will always be a 20 point player but all the 40+ points and 80 point crazy games are over.
IlliniDave68::Then don't talk s.hit without all the facts.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::I did miss it. Dont pay much attention to Kobe. But just remember what I said and see that it will happen soon enough.
nba is the worst::Apparently you missed Kobe's run a few weeks ago with 4 straight games posting 48, 40, 42 and 42...
monkeysars4u::wow why do the heat suck so bad
monkeysars4u::its a question. why do the heat suck?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::I mean if you dont know basketball I could see why you would say the Heat suck.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::explain.
timfactor7::Great game by my Magic. Now keep up this momentum when you play Atlanta. That's 4 of their last five they've won. Plus you know it's always great to the Heat, who I consider to be the Magic's biggest rival. Keep knocking down the 3s and Dwight keep controlling the glass.
yardog59::LMFAO!!!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::?
Los P.E.P.E.S::And why not play Curry..? Pittman is a slob out there.. Curry hasn't done much but in order for him to learn offense he needs minutes..
IlliniDave68::One thing for sure, the ECF is going to come down to Miami and Chicago again. No doubt.
Aicyla22::yea the leslie nielson look is what youll get after this years ecf
IlliniDave68::I hear you. White hair would be next for me. I've been partially grey since my 20's (genetics from dad's side).  LOL!
Aicyla22::yes it will and another thing for sure is that i will be getting grey hair sooner than i should due to these great matchups
Los P.E.P.E.S::and that is that they've improved on turnovers but still too sloppy and like you say overflashy when not necessary at times.
IlliniDave68::With Joel Anthony, the Heat need to follow Chicago's example with Rodman. He played for one reason - to clean the glass. Any points he scored in addition to that were gravy.
Aicyla22::yes it is and thats what they went with last year i guess in the off season he decided his offense could be improved as well although it has improved its detracted from his rebounds and blocks
IlliniDave68::True but the principle is the same.
Aicyla22::yes but joel anthony is no rodman thats for sure
Los P.E.P.E.S::Regardless Heat have to play better D inside n out.. They were very good last year but spot up shooters and second chance points killing Heat..
IlliniDave68::Agreed.
Aicyla22::well if looking good on sportscenter does the job then so be it, but last night it didnt.
IlliniDave68::Sometime guys get too busy thinking of how they'll look on Sportscenter rather than just sticking with the basic fundamentals.
Aicyla22::stupid turnovers are also killing us.  fancy passes are nice and all but if the ball doesnt end up where you intend its not worth the chance
Aicyla22::I agree but at the same time they arent getting enough touches to become consistent.
Los P.E.P.E.S::for sure offensive boards are huge but Heat need to rebound better both defensively and offensively.. Getting killed off the glass.. Also any role player points are much appreciated.. too inconsistent at times.
Aicyla22::and he doesnt need to be one if he gets the offensive board he needs to pass it to someone else if possible
Los P.E.P.E.S::he has improved offensively but yeah Joel should keep doing what he does.. He is no scorer.
Aicyla22::i noticed they have joel doing too much this year hes not a scorer!! its detracting from his rebounds and blocks they put too much on his plate
Los P.E.P.E.S::I think if they are keeping Curry he has got to make some type of impact sooner than later.. If not let him go and attempt another big free agent.. Not many out there but still.
brandonlee561heat::Those outside shots made D12 offense look that much better, I think
Los P.E.P.E.S::Agreed, just look at the success last year without a true big man even though Dampier and Magloire defended well at times. A center will slow down Heat, but at times like last night an enforcer in the middle is needed.
Aicyla22::well regarding curry &amp; pittman they dont need to play too too much if we're playing a smaller faster team the nba isnt a game centered around the center anymore
Eternal_Sage::I dunno I like Pittman
Aicyla22::but i agree hes too slow for how young he is but curry is slow too
Los P.E.P.E.S::lol for real..
Aicyla22::i like pittman but hes such a fatty i mean curry lost 70 lbs in the off season why does pittman look the same?
Los P.E.P.E.S::Come on Eternal.. Pittman has been a slob so far.. Misses free throws and is slow as heck..
Los P.E.P.E.S::Championships not won in February IJS.. But Heat need to improve D inside and outside.. Allowing too many 2nd chance points is killing them.. Spo has done a good job but I question his rotations.. If Cole was playing wild and inconsistent as he does at times, he should have put James Jones at SF and play Bron at PG.. Mediocre games from Bosh and Bron offensively didn't help either. Wade kept Heat in game while it lasted. Bench has to be more consistent.. Good thing it's February!!
brandonlee561heat::ac93jdoq
Eternal_Sage::?
Chulo611::Lebron being hated on  Lebron's Fault
IlliniDave68::That's troll logic for you.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Oh some people got nothing better to do with their time. Lebrons fault or not I know if all them people had the chance to trade places with Lebron for 1 day they would no questions. As for the 60 year old man part , Im sorry I just find it kinda funny that people are on here worry more about the people posting than whats said in these posts.
Aicyla22::yes i went there a couple of times and left immediately i cant believe how they can go on and on and on and on about thats its insane.  the comments above were in reference to trolls thinking im a 60 year old man
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::If you go to the comments on the headline about lebron responding to kendrick perkins comments about lebrons tweets. You'll see alot of dumb posts similar to the original one posted above. The trolls have been on that Lebrons fault tip for hours now i guess.
Aicyla22::no
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::the lebron fault thing?
IlliniDave68::You may not like Mindless but, you have to admit, he does lampoon your bandwagon element well Heat fans.
IlliniDave68::.
Aicyla22::very true
IlliniDave68::Trolls - the one thing they have in common, regardless of allegiance, is that they all hail from the shallow end of the gene pool.
Aicyla22::lol no not at all but if you ask some of the trolls on here im a 60 year old man posing as a 27 year old female
IlliniDave68::Oh, you're most definitely NOT a prepubescent boy.  ;)
Aicyla22::a good deterrent for trolls is to ignore them but it seems like people dont understand that
Aicyla22::i suppose that is true,but there are always some bad eggs and they ruin it for the good ones unfortunately.  and I dont generalize like that because im not a prepubescent boy who lives with my mom.
IlliniDave68::@Eternal_Sage,  True, sir.  I must say, I don't miss the Lakers and C's trolls at all.
IlliniDave68::@Aicyla,  I don't generalize like that because I know better. I know not all Heat fans are bandwagon. Most other Bulls fans are savvy enough to realize that, too. Unfortunately, I'm sure you noticed that most of the Heat fans we get on our convo are the bandwagoners. It would be nice to have more of the TRUE Heat fans to actually talk basketball with.  I can guarantee if more Heat fans like you and Eternal_Sage showed up, there would be more hoops talk and fewer flame wars. More genuine Heat fans, willing to talk hoops, would be a deterrent for some of the trolls.  Please consider this an invitation to come over and talk hoops.
Aicyla22::IlliniDave68 i appreciate you trying not to be inflammatory when you comment here but we heat fans do like and respect the opinions of outsiders so to speak that arent blindly hating on our team   and ES you said it before people are always jealous of those better than them and the bulls and heat fit that category
Aicyla22::i see but i heeded you advice and took a look at your bulls forum and all theyre talking about in there are how all the heats a fans are bandwagoners.  Its bad enough we have to hear it in our own forums but i dont want to visit yours and get bombarded with it there too
Eternal_Sage::Yeah, but I think too is the old guard is gone. the Cavs, Magic, Celtics were always fighting for the finals the last 3-4 years. now it's Miami and the Bulls
IlliniDave68::I don't doubt that at all, Aicyla, but I've been a posting member here since 2007 and I don't recall EVER having to deal with Heat trolls on the Bulls convos to the extent we've had to ever since "The Decision" and the subsequent preseason championship celebration in Miami. That, in turn, brought a lot of our trolls onto your convos. It's a vicious circle.  I come over here, from time to time, to observe but rarely comment. When I do, I try not to be inflammatory.
Eternal_Sage::just goes to show we only care about each other's team lol.
Aicyla22::oh trust me we get plenty of your trolls as well in fact a few of them were here earlier
IlliniDave68::I hear you. You should come over the the Chicago Bulls convos sometime. We have to deal with our bandwagoners, your bandwagoners, and folks like Mindless on a DAILY basis.
Aicyla22::yes he most definitely does, but its bad enough the real fans have to deal with the bandwagoners now we got this idiot running around making it worse
Eternal_Sage::i thought openminded used to many !!! jeez
Aicyla22::omg what the hell it wont let you type piss
Aicyla22::this d.ouche does it on purpose to $@%! ppl off
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::LEBRON IS PERFECT AND THE BEST PLAYER EVER!!!! WERE NUMBER ONE!!!!!! GO HEAT GO!!!! YAAAAAAAA!!!!!
Eternal_Sage::well, hopefully this will keep us from laying a goose egg against bucks
Aicyla22::ugh idk about those bucks
brandonlee561heat::That would be nice
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::YEAH, THE BUCKS SUCK AND WERE THE BEST!!!!  GO HEAT!!!! YAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::WERE THE BEST AND TEAM EVER WITH THE BEST PLAYER EVER!!!! NO CAN EVER BEAT US!!!! GO HEAT!!!!!!! WERE NUMBER ONE!!!!!!  YAAAAAA!!!
Rambomonster9::Giving up offensive rebounds was not even mentioned??? this is why the Heat will not win a title.  turnovers and giving up extra shot opportunities to teams.  get the rebounds and win. simple
eli manning owns tom brady::Your profile picture is why you're a loser.
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::YEAH, NO ONE CAN BEAT THE HEAT, WERE THE BEST EVER!!!! YAAAAAA!!! WE ALWAYS WIN EVERYTHING!!!!! YAAAAA!!!!!
Aicyla22::i was thinking the same thing!
brandonlee561heat::Oh btw, they played the team with the leading rebounder in the league.
Eternal_Sage::miami has rarely won the offensive board  and they still win :P
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::Alright go Heat!!!!! were number one!!! BEST TEAM EVER!!!!!!!
mjsanders::What's fascinatin @ this MIA Hype experiment is how this team's bandwagon continues to get exposed as a bunch of young kids who really don't understand hoops!  Whenever the Hype win a few gms in a row, all you hear @ is how they're a lock for the title this yr &amp; LeBlame is a lock for the MVP.  But if this team is so unstoppable, how come thier losses are so damned predictable?  This season is no different that last season for the Hype.  The get killed by quick, penetratin PGs and top post players.  What happened to this yr's supposed saviors, NCole &amp; Curry Goat?  The 1 &amp; 5 spots are still HUGE holes for this team, yet the bandwagon fans &amp; ESPN 'experts' keep sayin that none of that stuff matters &amp; this team will win it all w/o question.  The way things are shapin up, I can see several teams in the East knockin out the Hype in the playoffs.  Last yr they got lucky by playin a mash-unit Cetics squad &amp; an inexperienced Bulls team that lacked a 2nd option.  There will be no such luck for MIA this time around.
brandonlee561heat::Keep preaching, you're the reason people think this team should go undefeated.
Aicyla22::have you guys looked at the forum about lebron not apologizing to perkins?
Eternal_Sage::good for lebron
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::YEAH, GO LEBRON!!!! NO ONE IS BETTER THAN LEBRON!!!  THESE PEOPLE ARE JUST JEALOUS. GO HEAT GO!!!! YAA
Eternal_Sage::People are always jealous of those better then them
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::Yeah Lebron is the BEST!!!!!! HE'S THE BEST EVER!!!!! YAAAAAAAA!!!!
Aicyla22::i agree but its crazy how much these people hate this guy
brandonlee561heat::Yea, funny.
Aicyla22::omg its outrageous
unclejulio1993::carmelo for lebron
Eternal_Sage::I want two likes!
Aicyla22::fail
brandonlee561heat::fail, again.
eli manning owns tom brady::I did.
Aicyla22::but now i will... see
Aicyla22::believe it or not i didnt
unclejulio1993::nice job liking yourself
eli manning owns tom brady::Bynum, Gasol, and Arest for Nelson, Turk, and Howard???
utefan123::ur a dip wad hahaha
dps916::Turk at the three for us with metta off the bench would be nice. Nelson and Kobe as the guards would also be nice.
dps916::We could even keep World Peace and it still works.
eli manning owns tom brady::Well, lets call it in!
Tampabayallday37::That's not a bad solution since Turk takes up ALOT of cap space.
eli manning owns tom brady::I think I've heard that whoever wants Howard, will have to take Turk.
Eternal_Sage::miami is still number one :D
eli manning owns tom brady::The Knicks have two pieces that would work for the Howard trade.
dps916::he sure isn't
dps916::Can't be better than Gasol and Bynum.
eli manning owns tom brady::Amare is not better than Gasol in this point of their careers? I believe so.
eli manning owns tom brady::Which one, though, would you trade.
Tampabayallday37::Ok many ppl say Trade Dwight. Well guess what? A trade works both ways! Magic are NOT about to trade Dwight for a bunch of 2nd tier players.
dps916::Plus, they would have to go DEEP in the playoffs and possibly win a championship for Howard to stay.
dps916::Totally understand.
Tampabayallday37::Im at tha point I dont care if he walks he is a distraction and a diva.
dps916::2nd tier CORE players are better than nothing if he walks. I personally think that if they can get a Bynum or a Gasol, it would be better than any FA they could get next year.
dps916::Nobody elite is coming to Orlando, nobody elite is a FA next year, they have to play they hand they were dealt.
Tampabayallday37::They already have 2nd tier core players they need an elite to bring it all together.
tbomber2::so who do you want to sign with the newfound cap space?
dps916::I would take Jameer too, i did it on the trade machine and Gasol and Bynum for Howard, Nelson, and Turk works. That is a great trade for both teams, then Anderson can play the three and they would have the tallest frontcourt in basketball.
dps916::I would love Turk on the Lakers if we could afford him. our 3 spot is really shaky.
eli manning owns tom brady::There goes that idea.
tbomber2::magic already used their amnesty on gilbert arenas.
Tampabayallday37::I know :(
dps916::That's what I'm saying, Bynum or Gasol are WAY better than anything in FA next year.
eli manning owns tom brady::I doubt anybody would take on Turk's contract without getting Howard. Magic could amnesty him, I guess.
Tampabayallday37::Well until we do something with Tukoglu The Magic still have limited space.
brandonlee561heat::I'd be surprised if they trade him at all.
tbomber2::thats the point he's making.  lol
Tampabayallday37::Agreed.
eli manning owns tom brady::Does Dwight care about winning at all?
Magicmike321::No, he wants to play for the nets.  Doesn't that say it all?
dps916::The longer they sit on Howard the more his value depreciates. Teams know that he is not gonna resign and they might just pull all offers off the table and try to lure him in FA.
mjsanders::1st off, when I heard these comments this am I LMAO'd so hard that I started to cry!  It's funny how yesterday all the LBJ woodlickas were sayin that Perk was bein to sensitive @ LBJ's tweet.  Well who's the emo 6'8", 260lb lil beyotch now?  These comments really tell you all you need to know @ how this cat's mind works.  He's incredibly insecure.  Let me translate the last part of his remarks for y'all: "Everybody blames me! (sniff, sniff)  Why do people keep pickin on me? (sniff, sniff)."  Can you LBJ worshippers still respect this man after this?  What's even worse is that after gettin blasted by Perk &amp; Bird yesterday, this weak-minded "best player in the world" goes on &amp; put ups 17pts on 33% shootin last night vs a team in turmoil!  Come on kids -- is this really your hero, seriously?
Magicmike321::Ummm...  Okkkk
Aicyla22::there is a forum where people are talking about this and its not here.
brandonlee561heat::lol
Aicyla22::you obviously are smarter than me then bc unfortunately i did not
brandonlee561heat::I stopped reading after "1st off, when I heard these comments this am I LMAO'd so hard that I started to cry!"
Magicmike321::All you fans of other teams (not the Magic), get over dwight getting traded.  Not gonna happen.  If he wants to play somewhere else he will just have to walk and sign there.  We don't want to be tied down with your trash for years.  Rebuilding time baby!!!
Jason Terry765::Do u remember Shaq walking away,how'd that workout for the Magic and they already tied down with a lot of trash thats y DHoward is out
Tampabayallday37::Duhon sux your right. Nelson is okay when he attacks tha paint but Orlando unfortunatley is a 3pt Offense
Magicmike321::And Baby..  Hate that guy.  Def one of Otis' worst moves
Jason Terry765::Magic has made so many bad moves over the year they have to move Howard
Magicmike321::I would add Nelson to that list...  Duhon too
Tampabayallday37::only trash we have is Turk other than that we r pretty good.
Magicmike321::Yes I do.  We got an injured Grant Hill and payed him like 100 mil to sit on the bench for several years.
Eternal_Sage::i say the nets have the best deal, lopez is young and nets will be bad for years so their first round picks will get them talent
tbomber2::Honestly I think most teams prefer your idea, they just assumed that you'd rather get something out of him leaving.  But it makes sense to free up cap space.
tbomber2::fair enough.
Magicmike321::Great!  Doesn't mean I want their bad players in return
tbomber2::true but i think plenty of teams are more than willing to waive/amnesty undesirables to make room.
Magicmike321::They are going to need cap space to sign him.  That list is not that long
Tampabayallday37::I love how ppl just listen to the garbage espn puts out there w/o having any real knowledge of the team.
Magicmike321::Seriously, the ONLY thing ESPN gets right are the scores from the night before!
tbomber2::Tampa what is the best trade you'd want for D-12?
Tampabayallday37::well deductive reasoning would lead one to that conclusion eli :P
Tampabayallday37::what would be a semi decent trade for Dwight? Got ne1 in mind?
eli manning owns tom brady::And letting Howard walk is dumb. Then you are taking a chance of signing less talent then you would from being able to acquire in a trade.
eli manning owns tom brady::Shut up you unintelligent in sports  know-nothing.
eli manning owns tom brady::I'm not talking to you, moron. Read the comments.
tbomber2::No, I definitely did not.  Because I never thought you were from new york.  Anyone who hates the pats could make that name, doesnt have to be just a new yorker.
eli manning owns tom brady::That is what you implied to another poster on these boards earlier.
tbomber2::I never once said i thought you were from new york.  Again you are mistaking me for someone else.  Paranoia sinking in...
eli manning owns tom brady::You think I am a New Yorker because my username is Eli owns Brady? A lot of dumb people these days.
tbomber2::why is the word owned in quotes?  I never used that word.  Don't be butthurt that after all your baseless accusations, it turns out we aren't as stupid (and you aren't as smart) as you'd like to believe.
Tampabayallday37::don't worry he's just a new yorker. NE way I really don't think there is a trade out there that would benefit Orlando.
eli manning owns tom brady::You must think highly of youself if you think you "owned" me.
tbomber2::Wow, angry much?  I have yet to see you make ONE intelligent sports-related statement.    You're like the angry kid at the playground who, when clearly wrong, resorts to "You're stupid!"
zosoMC::This owner is delusional if he thinks Howard is gonna re sign.
eli manning owns tom brady::I know he's not going to the Bulls. Magic would want Deng and give the Bulls Turk, but Thibs favorite player is Deng..I doubt he would put him in a trade package.
Tampabayallday37::Yea just let dwight walk i say. then we can use the cap space to sign who we want instead of being stuck with trade bait.
Magicmike321::No.  Better to rebuild through the draft and use our cap space for pieces we want instead of the garbage on the teams Dwight want's to go to
Jason Terry765::They did that already,remember Shaq how'd that work out
tbomber2::So you guys would prefer to let him go in FA?  Dont you think you'd get a better deal if you traded him?
Magicmike321::Finally!  A smart fan!!
Tampabayallday37::Magic fan dont want him here ne way he's a crybaby and btw y should we trade him for washed up players
Jason Terry765::Like LA is
Jason Terry765::Name a trade
Magicmike321::Nothing is better than being tied down with bad contracts for years!  Get a clue
tbomber2::theres lots of good trades that could be made for howard
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Because.....theres nothing else to take??
eli manning owns tom brady::He is not going to trade him before the All Star game which is in Orlando.
Jason Terry765::They can have both and world peace please take the trash off our hands
eli manning owns tom brady::That would be a steal.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Is it? oh... lol..  They wont take Pau.. they want Drew or Both
Jason Terry765::They can have soft Pau
eli manning owns tom brady::The trade deadline is after the All Star game.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::then they wont get anything
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::He might.... maybe...?...hopefully....?   yea that ni**a gone
Tommy1387::the difference was Lebron 5-15 for 17 points he choked and  they loss. ESPN never covers a bad lebron game in detail
zosoMC::You know someone has a lot of haters when they score 17 with 10 assists and it's a bad game.
nba is the worst::0-8 in a half isn't good, no matter what
Magicmike321::Or they are a really good player
brandonlee561heat::Choked? the Heat never led in the game lool
tbomber2::eli manning also thinks that chicago fans are unintelligent because they thought devin hester would be a pro bowl receiver.    I GUARANTEE YOU no bears fan thought devin hester would be in the pro bowl... he's not even the best receiver on the team.    guy is full of sh*t.  and a total dumbas.s.
eli manning owns tom brady::Yes!!!!!!!!!!1 Most fans did. Also said Roy Willaims was a steal hahahahahahahahahaha
Tampabayallday37::isn't it funny how ppl talk trash then when they get called out their like "it's just a message board" #internettoughguys
eli manning owns tom brady::You're the most unintelligent sports fan on here. I just dont care to argue via internet with a pathetic homer, with no sports knowledge.
tbomber2::It's cool.  I can tell from his lack of response that he knows he's lost.  Maybe he'll think twice before accusing every bulls fan of being "dumb f.ucks"
Tampabayallday37::don't worry tbomber haterz gonna hate
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::that a lie and you know it fool. most Chicago fans never liked Williams and were very upset when they got him knowing he already sucked. whats wrong with you?
tbomber2::No, they most certainly didn't.  Earl Bennett and Johnny Knox are far better WR's.  You're a liar.  Devin Hester has NEVER been considered a good receiver.  He's fast but has butterfingers.  He has always shone on special teams.
brandonlee561heat::You stressed out over what someone said on an ESPN.com conversation?
tbomber2::why do you care? does trolling the bulls board day in and day out make <i>your</i> day?  I see you there all the time.
brandonlee561heat::Ok, if "exposing" someone on an internet blog makes your day, then bask in your glory
tbomber2::stressed out?  no.  just exposing him for the fool he is.
Tampabayallday37::Don't be sad Heat fans. ESPN still thinks you guys r better even thogh your not...
Tampabayallday37::lol GO MAGIC!!!
Saints8365::Tebow!
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::he awsome... you know he cured aids in 2056...(he's a time traveler)
brandonlee561heat::Ok.
Saints8365::Announcer: Kobe your losing in the third quarter your down by 15 and Lebron is killing you  Kobe: ummm Wait till the 4th quarter, will come back and people would be like he CHOKES again :)
flyingiron2463::But when was the last time Kobe beat Lebron?.....
Aicyla22::i cant believe i wasted 5 seconds of my life reading that
nicagurl11::the magic will lose to whoever they end up playing in the first round... Shooting 3's nonstop won't get you a ring, this isn't college ball
Tommy1387::neither will playing with Lebron
Saints8365::Mavericks did it!
Chris31708::He's improved in the last few weeks, maybe he's finally practicing them like he's supposed to.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::my point is that teams will make Howard shoot free throws to close a game, and he sucks at shooting free throws. so can he close a game?
tbomber2::eli you seem to refuse to acknowledge anything i've said.  are you afraid that a logical discussion would expose you for the unintelligent hypocrite you really are?
eli manning owns tom brady::Critics also said before last year that Dirk couldnt close until he proved he could do it. What's your point?
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Magic don't have a closer like Dirk. Howard can't close a game
tbomber2::Eli thinks that making a contrarian argument (without any logical evidence to back it up) somehow makes him smarter than the average bulls fan
tbomber2::and once his blood pressure rises enough from trying to think really hard... he freaks out and starts spamming the chat in capital letters for hours on end.
tbomber2::exactly.  like i said he wants to sound smart by going "against the grain" even though the reality is many bulls fans are looking at all kinds of trades to make us a better team, and he's really just saying more of the same.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::He keeps sayin the Bulls need to make roster moves without saying what moves. what sense does that make?
badinVA::When Bulls fans put down the Heat, just say "you lost (this and last season), get over it."
Eternal_Sage::problem is, bulls can't put down the heat
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::i was thinkin the same thing.. lol
Eternal_Sage::lol blk, that date must of scared her.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::lol..damit!
Aicyla22::nothing! dont try to trick me!
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::deal...aicyla22...nothin?
Eternal_Sage::alright, if miami wins you have to wear a miami  avatar on your pic. if Lakers lose, I'll do it for the laker avatar
Aicyla22::lol
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::lol.. I'll bet you on it.. scared?
Eternal_Sage::face it Blk,  Miami has the lakers number. (not rings SHUDDUP)
badinVA::So I guess Bynum didn't "want to" the last time they played?
Aicyla22::okay whatever you say
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::You'll see, next time we'll play..
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::lakers totally can. Bynum can own the paint if he wants to. and Kobe is still Kobe
badinVA::Did they sign Shaq again?
Eternal_Sage::unless you're the bucks or magic. WE DON'T FEAR YOU
Aicyla22::ahahahaha you got jokes blkmex... nice
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Lakers can
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::hey Eli, you keep saying the bulls need to make roster moves and that's it. why don't you tell us the moves they need to make to win it all this year. educate us old wise one.
tbomber2::he has no ideas.  he just thinks that by saying "the bulls dont have enough to win," that he's suddenly a "smart and rational" bulls fan.  newsflash, you have to back up your claims with logical arguments before you can call yourself either smart, or rational.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::OooOOo... hello Aicyla22....  ;-)..
Saints8365::Woop Woop #SWAGG
Aicyla22::hi :)
Eternal_Sage::You do realize that you should be into cooties and power rangers, it's not until you get to the age of 13 that you begin to look after girls Cadilic, no need to grow up so fast
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::HA!...dam right she has low standards!!! me son!!!.....lmao... aww i crack myself up
Cadillac_Too_Cold::LOL, That's cool, i knew with such low standards she'd be taken already.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Are you sure? I'm into long walks between bus stops and candle lit nights.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::back up son!! she has a loser!.....lol lol
Aicyla22::fail
Cadillac_Too_Cold::What's up mija, i can tell from your jersey that you're into losers. My mom is letting borrow her Delta 88 later, wanna go to 7eleven?
Eternal_Sage::*grabs the hose*
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::lol
flyingiron2463::"All of you "Heat fans" use to be Lakers fans until last year. Pathetic...Facts are Facts."- eli manning owns tom bradyyou could at least say Cavs but lakers? I was a bulls fan when i was a kid you couldve used that one but you said the lakers. Smh
tbomber2::<b>still waiting eli.  enough pretending like you know anything about basketball.  </b>saying "the bulls need to make roster changes to win the chip" does not make you an intelligent bulls fan... if you haven't noticed that's what pretty much every bulls fan has been saying.
Saints8365::If everyone else is saying it. Why you keep calling him out on it?
tbomber2::because he's accusing me and others of being "an unintelligent homer" but fails to offer any actual ideas as to how the team can improve, and fails to address any arguments as to why they are already very good.
brandonlee561heat::Who is Eli?
badinVA::Peyton's brother.
tbomber2::<b>eli manning owns tom brady</b>
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Let the REAL LAKER FAN SPEAK!!!!!...haha   Lakers (besides the Celtics) are the greatest NBA franchise, And NO team in the NBA can catch us. but as of this year and talent wise....Yes Miami is better... a lot better.
Eternal_Sage::well yeah.. I mean it will take like 20 years of winning titles just to catch them
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Exactly!! you sl.uts
Saints8365::Agreed. but I know Kobe has 1 more left in him
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Def.. i think he does too
Jason Terry765::LeBron fan always say he's just 28,27,26,25,24 soon yll goin to b like he's just 30 and still dont have a ring,its getting sad
Cadillac_Too_Cold::It will go from "Well Jordan was in his 8th year when he won" to "Well look how long it took Dirk"
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Next year is the 10th anniversery of the saying "This is the year Lebron wins it all"
Jason Terry765::Thats funny
Saints8365::Lakers&gt; Miami or Bulls
badinVA::Head to head matchups seem to prove you wrong.
eli manning owns tom brady::Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down is a fat, stubborn, do.ouche.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::lol. hey tough guy, way to call someone out online.lol. don't beat me up bro.  HELP, he's goin to beat me up!!
eli manning owns tom brady::How am I back pedaling? You have no social skills, I see.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::stop back pedaling and just shut up. your just making a fool of yourself
eli manning owns tom brady::I didnt say I was going to beat you up, you girl. I said you were a douch.e...Stop trying to change it around like I wanted to fight you online. I know your use to drama at home with your sisters, but stop it.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::check you original post moron. C'mon man
eli manning owns tom brady::Where did I call you out? I'm guessing you have all sisters, cause you act like a woman. No joke.
nba is the worst::(Yawn).  Real mature
tbomber2::sorry but you are the biggest dou.che i have yet to come across here at ESPN
tbomber2::you continue to say the same thing, but you have yet to make a logical proposition.  i'm waiting.  oh, and you must have me mistaken with someone else, because I have yet to say any of that.  the fact is that i continue to call you out for offering ZERO suggestions that would improve the team, and you then classify me as part of the "no brain homers" because you can't handle a logical discussion.
eli manning owns tom brady::You're the most unintelligent fan on these boards. I say the Bulls need to make rosters move to advance to the Finals and you just start calling me a fake fan and a troll. You have no sports knowledge but to say the Bulls will win the Finals because you root for them because tehy're from Chicago, so you want them too. Just sign off.
Saints8365::Lakers all day
tonysws::Hovering around 500...............
nba is the worst::heatles are 12-7 if you ignore wins vs the Bobcats, Raptors, Cavs, and Pistons
badinVA::And Bulls can't beat the Heat this season.
badinVA::The Heat were 0-3 against Bulls and 1-3 agaisnt Celtics last year in reg season. Your point?
Aicyla22::thank you for posting the most important relevant facts ever in the history of the world!! idk what we'd do with out you nba...
Eternal_Sage::use a little less asprin?
Eternal_Sage::bulls have more wins against bad teams, just saying :P
tonysws::15 of Bulls 22 wins are vs teams sub 500..............two against a team that is @ 500, so 5 wins vs winning record. Get a clue.
brandonlee561heat::Bucks, they are in the 8th spot right now
nba is the worst::Magic?
brandonlee561heat::Id say any team that makes the playoffs is not bad
nba is the worst::Did they lose to the Bucks?
Eternal_Sage::miamI &gt; lakers though
Saints8365::I disagree but your opinion :)
eli manning owns tom brady::Lakers wont get past the first round, again. They are done. They need a star to go there and rescue Kobe again.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Like Kobe rescued Team USA from the Bronze Trio?
Saints8365::Woah! Kobe don't need no rescue. Lebron had 2 stars rescue him and yupp still lost :)
Jason Terry765::Rescue Kobe please,help Pau pack u mean
badinVA::Clippers &gt; Lakers
Aicyla22::throw it down not you
tbomber2::me?  please do me the honors of correcting it then
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::well it's not easy, it takes a lot of hard work an dedication to get this bad. you just have to stick with it.
Aicyla22::youre pretty good at bad grammar
tbomber2::eternal is just as much a troll as anybody, he just thinks if he goes around calling everyone a troll, that somehow it makes him less of one
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::that was deep man. so this is your real basketball talk. your pretty good at this Eternal
brandonlee561heat::Not after this month
brandonlee561heat::duh :)
nba is the worst::Houston Rockets &gt; Lakers
eli manning owns tom brady::Did anybody watch T.O's football game last night?
eli manning owns tom brady::All his me,me,me stuff fianlly caught up with him.
badinVA::Funny to see him and Ocho go down simulataneously. So glad Ocho didn't get a SB ring.
Eternal_Sage::Seriously,  that right there is trolling. you're a troll sir.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::your right Eternal, you guys do talk real basketball. guess I was wrong, this is good stuff
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Who?
Eternal_Sage::It's sad to see the dude fall so far, he's not even in the AFL
tbomber2::i repeat NOBODY is calling rose the next jordan. only people who want to discredit bulls fans are saying that crap.
badinVA::Robert Horry is truely best player of all time.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Here's the breakdown:   Horry &gt; Jordan &gt; Kobe = Fisher &gt; Shaq &gt; Walton = Morrison &gt; Wade &gt; Lebron
brandonlee561heat::We all respect your opinion.
badinVA::Horry &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; then anyone whoever played the game of basketball.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Robert Horry &gt; Lebron  3ppg &gt; 30ppg if the 3 points is the game winner in the Playoffs.
Saints8365::NO! Kwame Brown is :)
Saints8365::NO! Kwame Brown is :)
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::CUT THE BS!!!!.....  LMAO @ MELO!!!!!...... Jeremy Lin is going off for them
eli manning owns tom brady::People like him (not meaning asian) come around this league all the time. They come and they go...Will he be able to last is the question.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::When i watch him play, it seems like he's just havin fun... so ya i think he will
Saints8365::Jordan Kobe  Lebron No this is not best of all time. Just saying the Best out of the 3
Jason Terry765::LeBron is nowhere by the men u r naming
Saints8365::I meant the best out of the 3. Were on a Miami board now lol
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::HEYYY!!! i went to the DEN v Dallas game last night.... haha denver lost
badinVA::No argument there.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Kobe  MJ BlKMexMamba
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::or just means im awsome!!!!!!!!!!..........ya im depressed :-(
Eternal_Sage::self promotion is a bad bad self esteem problem :P
Saints8365::No sir
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Miami fans lied to me, yesterday you said you had this game locked up... what happened?
Eternal_Sage::anderson and no we didn't!
Cadillac_Too_Cold::He was punking Bosh.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I saw that lol.. anderson did you in
brandonlee561heat::I never said any game is locked, every team plays the heat like its gm7 of the finals..
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::;-)...Me troll?.. when
Eternal_Sage::should is not the same as will blk, stop trying to troll :P
Cadillac_Too_Cold::"It's not fair, we only lose because teams play us too hard" - Heat fans
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::LOL!.. ok
brandonlee561heat::Dont remember that, I might have said they "should" win
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::U said, u would win .. lol dont lie
Cadillac_Too_Cold::The game was too close for Lebron to get in a groove.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Darn.. to bad..
Saints8365::Dwight
Saints8365::lol
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::lol.. nice
Saints8365::From eating yo momma!!
Saints8365::From eating yo momma!!
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::DaWhite around yo lips
