droog::Who knows how far Derrick Rose can make it back? I'm not sure if I'd deem his return a "success" thus far nor a "failure." This is all well and good but why doesn't the press and the NBA "announcers" {sycophants} just let it "play out." Leave it alone. Why do they still try and make out like Rose is a player that he isn't right now? If it happens, it happens but don't "force it." We aren't as stupid as they think.
William::Well its not all on Rose but shooting apx %34 from inside and outside the arc is going to make it hard to take down the Leaders. I thought I read were he had really worked on the three during re-hab and had it down. Listen it is only 9 games of which he has played 7. He is also getting doubled teamed quite often. Maybe just a little patience as playing in a game never compares to all the practice in the world as it is much more demanding. The shot depends on the legs.
HBKid11::Another strong outing for Rose, 4-13, 12 points?  This is what we waited for?  They should trade this piece of garbage while they still can.  He will never be the same player, because he has "injury" stuck in his head.  Everytime he takes a jumper or goes to the hole, he is worried he is going to hurt his ACL and MCL again.  The Bulls would be better off with a draft pick for him.  Might as well let Hinrich start, at least he is not playing scared.
Nino::People relax.  Rose will come very close to being his old self if not even better.  You have to realize he was at a very elite level when he was playing before his injury.  To attain that level of athleticism, confidence, and killer instinct that he once had will take time, possibly as long as mid season before we see signs of his greatness once again.  To come back from that kind of injury and over a year of layoff will require game time "repetitions" that cannot be substituted through simply working hard in practice and off season.  It's been only 9 games and he still has a lot of "ring rust" to dust off.  Give him another 30-40 games and his improvement will start to show and don't expect him to start peaking until the end of the season (hopefully in the playoffs where he can shine)....he took off more than a year, expect at least a year to get back what he lost.
Justin::Bad loss, Hornets (Bobcats).  I have no clue why Jefferson was NOT in the game as his presence would have turned the tide in the final minutes, in my opinion.  I hope Jordan/Management can clearly see the dead-wood as the Hornets (Bobcats) have an up-and coming TEAM; just hope the coaching staff is smart enough, KNOWING when to adjust and rotate.  In my opinion, the wrong players in the last 5 minutes were on the floor for the Hornets (Bobcats), letting the Bulls escape (I hope Jordan was not nostalgic).
me::What made Rose a great player despite his ordinary size was his speed and explosiveness.....I am not seeing anything close to the old speed and explosiveness.  Furthermore, the other parts of his game which were advertised as supposedly much improved...his shooting, his 3 point shooting, his decision making as point guard......well, I am not seeing those new improvements either.  I had my doubts about the Bulls even with a fully recovered Rose playing like he did because I don't think the team has enough consistent offensive threats to competed against top playoff teams in a 7 game series..and to come out on top.  But if Rose is now just an ordinary point guard who more often than not gives you 15 points and 5 assists...then the Bulls may rack up a 50 plus win season, but they are not going anywhere in the playoffs.
Nobama2016::d ro has to step it up...he hasn't been himself...think he might just need a breakout game and hopefully will be on his way completely back...team also needs to learn to take it to the hoop more and stay out  of the lulls where they rely just on the outside shot...that's when they've been getting into trouble...
Cyril::We know about Derrick Rose's injury and missing a whole season, but what is Kemba Walker's excuse?  This guy was on his way to All-Star status last year, and this year he has been absolutely terrible.
MKD Archangel::And I want the bulls to make a pitch to Gordon on the bench to join us soon for the right price. Would gladily welcome him back to the team to use as a 6th or 7th man on the team
Chuck::If Chicago can keep this momentum going they shouldn't have an issue with anyone other than the Clippers before Miami comes to town.  Just need to stay focused.
