Jeff::I picked the over on the Bobcats at 26 wins because they won 20 last year and Al Jefferson adds at least 6 wins.  Well Jefferson is out and they're still 2-2.  They won this game with almost no production from their bigs.  Their backcourt is really underrated and they have a decent bench too.  If Jefferson gets healthy I can see them having a winning record this year.
bugjackblue::Better team won and did it without their best player.  Knicks have passed their peak for this cycle and Cats are on their way up.  Important victory for Charlotte.  They already know they can beat the weak teams (CLE is still years away from escaping the lottery) and they know they can hang with the strong teams, going halfway through the 4th quarter with HOU; now they need to show they can beat the .500 teams (and don't delude yourselves, Knick fans, this is a .500 team) on a semi-regular basis.
jbdmusic::Carmelo Anthony has to carry this whole team. Would be nice if he passed the ball instead of taking 28 shots.
MO808::Knicks would have a good team if Anthony was not on the team! Aloha :D
EM::Melo has had good looks tonight he really hasn't forced things (they just haven't gone in). Anyways, percentages do not matter and I'm not worried Carmelo will up his FG% to his career average of 45 sometime around this season. The fact that Melo has kicked the ball out to Artest,Shump, and Felton and they have MISSED wide-open three point looks is a problem. This team defensively has held their own defensively albeit they commit a lot of fouls. However, the offense is HORRIBLE. This team is having trouble generating points and worse than that on offense they have been way TURNOVER prone. They don't know where anybody likes to be on the floor and they either second-guess things or think ahead of the play.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::LMAO the Knicks suck i wanted to hear the crowd boo them but it takes me away from the game... Where is that Knickschamp troll who said the Knicks would be good this season after they beat a bad Bucks team...   Hahahaha keep booing Barkley cuz he said your team will suck this season, idiots
Commenter::Melo won the USA 2 Gold medals - bailed out Kobe and Lebron in the Argentina game in 2008 and Spain 2012 - He just needs talent around him.
emb001981::Felton lost the ball. Must have been all the grease from his halftime baconator
Rebecca Black::To all you Knicks fans who have been bragging forever. You just got beat by the Charlotte Bobcats without Al Jefferson or Ben Gordon. WOW! Good luck HURTING to try and make the playoffs!
C::#$%$ Josh McRoberts only with 15 minutes...
