riocardone::Welcome to being an irrelevant team Dallas! Being a Dubs fan for all these years I've had to watch as teams like the Lakers and Dallas always get the call in crunch time. Dubs fans/ownership should be more POed than Dallas fans/owners any day for having to endure 20 years of blatant pandering to superstars or whiny owners--I'm looking at you Cuban. Why the hell doesn't ESPN even acknowledge that the Dubs are playing very well in the Western Conference right now? Everytime I tune in to the highlights I have to watch--insert other teams star/highlights--only to find out at the end of the segment that the Dubs won? Go Warriors!
SB4LlFE::The best part about the game was Green punking on Carter after Carter got blocked. Keep faking that injury!
otizzie::Just because you flail your arms all over the place doesn't make it a foul. Bogut got all ball. Good no call.
scottpilgrim33::The refs are such bullies to the Mavs. I mean here Dallas is, bustin there butts, working there aces off without their best player and they get snubbed. WHY? Because the NBA always takes some unfortunate lost cause team at least 1 team a year this year happens to be Golden State and they were too afraid to let the Dirkless Mavs beat them to slander them. it's crap
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Fail post
Clavaine::Hey, Cuban, you missed your window.  You outsmarted yourself, dreaming of Dwight Howard and Chris Paul.  Of course, anybody with common sense would tell you to keep a championship team together.  Now Dirk is facing his inevitable decline a little earlier than expected and you're dreaming of getting back to .500.
WarriorsWarrior::The Golden Warriors!
dog_has_fleas::This is why Lee is the AS choice and not Curry.
ImAWitness06::What? Without Curry they got spanked by Miami. Beat Miami with Curry and Dallas was missing both its fronctcourt players
Peter26811::david lee one assist from a triple double. everyone is going on about how kobe is passing more but lets show some love to david lee. he's been near triple doubles, for the last few games now. his court vision and anticipation is really underrated. i feel like he doesnt get any love but deserves it more than alot of people
jeff050578::I think Golden State and Denver will be fighting for that 4-5 seed and that Memphis will fall to the 6th seed because of their recent trade. The trade the Griz just made will help them after the season and down the road but I am not sure if it will help the that much this season.
fosterwhitlock::H Barnes is the man
Bay2Co::I believe he has the talent and potential, I'd just like to see him be more aggressive.  I can't help but seem him as a Marvin Williams type right now. Maybe next year he might get it like Klay did
jeff050578::Yes he is. I could see him being the  2nd best player from last draft behind Anthony Davis. Maybe the best but he would really have to become great because I believe A Davis will be a 1st team all pro player for many years.
Mr. Bradford::Blowout they said, won't even be close they said, easy win they said. I know my Mavericks aren't what they've been over the past 15 years, but we kept the game pretty close throughout. and I'm happy to have seen us at least fight for this game. A few less turnovers and a couple more hit free throws and we might have been the ones winning by 3. Oh well.  Good game, Warriors. See y'all again February 9th. <b>Go MAVS!</b>
Bay2Co::The Mavs did a hell of a job coming back, but truthfully it wasn't until Jackson put the 2nd team in that the Mavs closed the gap even though the W's lead the entire game.  It would be a different game with Dirk though.
Gucci Force Four::Just like it would be a different game with Curry
37221::only one answer to officials wnen bad calls continue everybody get up and leave the arena this should be organized and is the only fair answer. this action should get attention. who can be fined then.
gdeverdfw::you know that cuban has given up because he is not complaining about these horrible calls night after night. i have reffed hoops and i know that it is hard but some of these refs shouldn't ref 8th grade games.
MavUlous42::why have refs anymore should b afree for all
mavs_fan_2012::Abductor strain is pretty much a groin pull...and groin issues can last for weeks.  As the late great Don Meredith once said...  Turn out the lights...the party's over.   Now Cuban can pretty much start building for next year.
Go_Sounders::Go Klay &amp; Go Cougs
epitome1986::mayo missed the free throw to tie the game, he had 3 turnovers in the last minute and a half in the last game. mayo is good, but he is the opposite of clutch.
Dirk2XMVP::Mayo had a good overall game but I don't know what happens to him when he's on the free throw line. Hopefully by next season he's figured that out so he can be a better overall player
Patrick Jane is Red John::Mavs would have won if they had Dirk
Mike Smith49::Obviously Mavs fans haven't  watched Curry and his value to the W's.    No question at this point in their careers that Curry is better than Dirk.
Hardaway79::Curry is definitely better at this point in their careers, though Dirk is a hall of famer and used to be great
Jmet15::Dirk changed the game by utilizing his size to stretch the defense.  Curry isn't changing the game, he is just a really good player with great upside.  Dirk is a great player with HOF upside.
jsw0987::Is this really even a arguement about who's really a superstar. Dirk with out a doubt is the better player and means so much more to the mavs then both lee and curry. I'm not sayin there not good at all cuz they are very good basketball players but they don't have the stats for a superstar. It takes time to become a superstar. When you put a team on your back and take the  All the way to the ship then You can start to compare the two
Bay2Co::Dirk has had a better career but Curry is just getting started.   Right now at this point in their careers hardly anybody would take Dirk over Steph Curry
outkastD::how do you know curry is not a superstar?  the warriors having a break-out season because of him &amp; lee.. so you're answer is invalid.
kozanski2000::And GS would have won by more had Curry played and Bogut was game fit. So what's your point?
CardinalRule6::Really?  Dirk in his present condition is a superstar?  All things being equal, I'd say Curry being in GSW's lineup would have outweighed hobbled Dirk and his 12 PPG.
Dirk2XMVP::Dirk is a Superstar. Curry and Bogut are not. Dirk missed more than half of the season so Dirk means more to the Mavs than Curry means to the Warriors.
shocktroop216::How can Cuban be upset....His team was taking bad jump shots the entire first half....barely made it into the paint
LanceArmstrong1135::Blame your team if they re playing bad...Next time score more and dont leave the game in the hands of the refs.  Cant blame the Warriors for playing good defense
Maxi Klinger::So because they were taking bad jumpers, it gives the refs the right to screw them? great logic
Jmet15::I forever hate GS after that 06-07 season.  Baron Davis, Stephen Jackson killin us that season.  Good game tonight GS.
T.J Hooker::Mark Cuban tweeting blaming the refs... tust me Mark, the refs aren't the reason our team sucks this year. YOU are.
Bay2Co::That was an easy scapegoat because the league overturned a couple of other calls this week.  Quit crying Cuban your team trailed the whole game
supe540::Looks like another nice little fine for Mark.
ARandolphNeedsPT::warriors are title contenders when healthy...i said it...only teams i'm worried about them facing are the spurs and possibly okc but westbrick is such a cancer that I'm not too concerned about okc
ClippersFearWarriors::if we can get home court in the first rd which it looks like we will then i expect a deep run in the playoffs
sandiegonation::Any of you guys want to play h2h fantasy for 5 bucks? It's a free matchup.
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::aight I'll hit you up with my free challenge when this one's done
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::yeah it's ready
sandiegonation::sweet good luck!
sandiegonation::did it work?
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::so you take one player for each page?
sandiegonation::yah
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::only familiar with NBA so naw
sandiegonation::ok we can play nba. choose nba. when it appears
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::I'm down
sandiegonation::sweet http://www.draftday.com/go/hugo613/22   sign up here dude, u wanna do hockey?
HK-47.1::I wonder if Festus get's any playing time now that Bogut is back.. No idea why he didn't get any minutes this game.
rumbanba::Biedrins plays much better D
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::FREE BIEDRINS ;)
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_:::(
HK-47.1::Yes, they should cut him.
boozer8183::Asking a question, as simple as that
StanfordOtter 6.0::I didn't. I didn't gamble. It's because I'm smart.
boozer8183::LOL, who is complaining?
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::your girlfriend
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::Curry at SG will have the half-life of a banana...I give it a week
boozer8183::who got screwed on the over 203?
HK-47.1::Betting is stupid. But, not as stupid as the people who lose their bets and cry rigged.
RocknCR::WARRIORS= CHEMISTRY!
StanfordOtter 6.0::We just had to suffer a few seasons of having Monta Ellis as an undersized 2. We get rid of him, and bam, we start winning. Let's not go through that again. I like having a 6'7" SG.
creece85::The warriors have had injuries all year, but were able to overcome them, because they actually have size and are not out rebounded every game
maleckej::he wasn't the reason that team lost.  the injuries were.   some fans are just ignorant.
ImAWitness06::Monta was a ball stopper on offense. Really thought he hindered Currys development
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::hey join the club
DefensiveRebounds::Don't move Curry to SG, you don't want mismatches man. Don't take risks like that.
HK-47.1::Curry is not a bad PG but we can all see his true position is SG. He is an average play maker but he s a dynamic scorer.
StanfordOtter 6.0::misread statement ^^
DefensiveRebounds::yeah, so let him score on the point guards. Don't make him go against bigger guys.
StanfordOtter 6.0::He's a very good playmaker and a better scorer. The slight disadvantage on offense is offset by the huge advantage on defense of having a regular-sized backcourt.
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::They tried Kobe at SF earlier in the season and it stopped working after like 2 games lol
ImAWitness06::Curry is averaging 21pts 6ast and 4reb that good enough for a PG like him. He doesn't need to move to a different position.   Also 6th is PER for point guards
DefensiveRebounds::Can Klay become like Reggie and Ray?
creece85::Reggie Millers stroke was  nice,  Curry's is better and of course Ray is Jesus
outkastD::have you ever seen reggie miller &amp; ray allen shoot? lol nonetheless, curry's shot is one of the best.
ChuckGF::yep, Curry's shot is the best I've seen
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::Curry has a better 3point percentage though, its weird
ImAWitness06::Curry is a better shooter
StanfordOtter 6.0::Not from what I've seen. He's a great shooter, but he only is 39% from 3. He'll be an Allan Houston/Glen Rice type if he fulfills his potential, though.
manimarf09::What's going on with the Mavs?
StanfordOtter 6.0::They lost to a quality opponent by 3 on the road without their best player by far.
barcodedlife::Dirk?
manimarf09::was he injured tonight?
DefensiveRebounds::Having Klay Thompson in your team for Association mode is like cheating lol. You cannot miss a three using him if you play the games.
StanfordOtter 6.0::It's him and J-Rich. Those are the two guys.
StanfordOtter 6.0::Yeah. If you want a great way to grind VC, go to blacktop 1-on-1, play as J-Rich (because the Sixers are the first team to show up so you don't have to scroll through the teams), and just shoot the top of the key 3 every possession.
DefensiveRebounds::is J-Rich's shooting motion easy too?
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::I can't think of a better big man in the NBA right now than David Lee.
barcodedlife::A big man almost getting a triple double. That's awesome.
AK47 got em dialing 9-11::The new Pau Gasol. Except Lee is less soft and dunks more often. lol
StanfordOtter 6.0::I'm not sure what he does have, but Klay should have Microwave, Spot-up Shooter, and Deadeye as his 2k13 signature skills.
RocknCR::If Curry AND Thompson get hot in the playoffs..............WATCH OUT!
StanfordOtter 6.0::If Bogut had made one freaking jump hook we'd be talking about David Lee's triple double right now.
kozanski2000::Ou hating on a guy in his second game back from ankle surgery? Really?
ClippersFearWarriors::its all good. we won thats all that matters
karan0421::Bay area's golden era: giants won 2 world series titles, niners are in the superbowl and are poised to win more, warriors are a young team that can make the playoffs for this year and the next couple years, and the sharks are undefeated (7-0) and could make a deep run to the cup this year or next year
ClippersFearWarriors::warriors have a chance for home court in the playoffs and could very well make a deep run
HK-47.1::Thank Zues for the bone headed Griz.
grizzle550::Its amazing..... 2004 had to be the low point of my time as a bay area fan and to see them all playing this well is great
HK-47.1::The only things these last few games has shown us is that Clay plays better without Curry.
RocknCR::Hmm..doubtful!
RocknCR::They're BOTH great...when Curry's out, Thompson takes and makes more shots..
HK-47.1::Clay has taken the same number of shots.
StanfordOtter 6.0::Well, without Curry, Klay becomes the primary shooter, so of course he'll play better.
HK-47.1::Umm yes they are. Lol that's why if you watch you can easily see screens being made to set up the open three while the player is driving to the hoop.
StanfordOtter 6.0::Kickouts are when someone is driving and they kick it out to shooters spotting up. Those aren't plays because the driver's plan is not to kick out, they just react to what the defenses show them. That isn't a play.
HK-47.1::Lol kick outs are called plays. That's why he gets screens to get open kick out threes . Stpeh is the better shooter and really should be this teams SG.
StanfordOtter 6.0::They aren't plays. They're kickout 3's. Stephen Curry gets the bulk of the shooters' playcalls because he's a better shooter.
HK-47.1::Majority of Clay's shots are all plays... It's not like he gets rebounds and put backs.. hes a three point shooter.
StanfordOtter 6.0::When more plays are called for him, he gets into a better rhythm.
HK-47.1::Clay has always taken about 10-15 shots a game.
LEBRON OWNS ALL.::Well its time to sleep. Remember children, go Heat.
HK-47.1::Lebron doesn't own all. He still needs to beat space aliens five on one to be able to claim that.
HK-47.1::He took the last shot 1v5.
ImAWitness06::MJ didn't win 1v5 either.
Red Wings-Celtics-Phins-Tigers::wow my online sportsbook still hasn't updated my win tonight...I love you Jack
RocknCR::@ESPN Dallas: "RT @PeasESPN: #Mavs Talk coming up at 1am on @ESPNDallas 103.3FM...Let's talk about officiating shall we? Foul or no foul?             214-787-1033 "  (laughing)...just check the replay. Not even close to being a foul!!
HK-47.1::It could have been a foul if Wright went up strong. His half $@% attempt is why there was none. I can't believe the Dubs traded away J. Rich for that scrub. WORSE TRADE EVER.
ARandolphNeedsPT::they could have drafted noah and passed...jrich for noah would have been one of the best trades ever
RocknCR::IF....
ImAWitness06::Kobe sure is good. Lol at his rank http://www.basketball-reference.com/friv/ratings.cgi
Red Wings-Celtics-Phins-Tigers::didn't even look at that but saying Kobe isn't good means you have 0 respect for the game.
ImAWitness06::It's based on elo rankings.
ClippersFearWarriors::y r we talking about the lakers here? they didnt even play tonight. lets talk about the re-birth of bogut and how the warriors win another one without curry!
HK-47.1::Andrew Bogut still has a lot more to do before we call it the rebirth.
barcodedlife::Coming back from injury after a long stint on the sidelines is no rebirth. He needs to stay healthy now and be consistent on the boards and D.
RocknCR::GO DUBS!!
typer18::1996-1998 kobe vs MJ  1999-2008 kobe vs AI  2000-2006 kobe vs T mac  2001-2008 kobe vs Vince Carter  2002-2005 kobe vs Ray Allen  2005-present kobe vs DWade  2005-present kobe vs LeBron  2008-present kobe vs KD35
typer18::not really, maybe this year its been Lebron vs KD but besides KD and KB? who else has LeBron been compared too?
typer18::what about the last three years?
ImAWitness06::It's only been LeBron and Somebody than LeBron and KD last 2 years
typer18::what im trying to say is that kobe has been compared to all players that were star players and is still to this day even though he is old, that says a lot about a player
ImAWitness06::What about last 3 years?
ImAWitness06::It's been LeBron vs. KD for a while now and only that
Red Wings-Celtics-Phins-Tigers::they'll put their rings together and still come up short
barcodedlife::Yep, this will be a rivalry for a while in the finals I think.
A Big Fat Nasty Watery Diarrhea Dump::2038-old kobe vs the toilet.
LEBRON OWNS ALL.::Kobrick sucks
typer18::yeah sure he does lol,
ImAWitness06::When Curry came into the league, I bought myself a sick Curry Davidson jersey online from the bookstore.
SanDiegoSuperCharges::beast block
BIGmatta::I $@%!$@ love Bogut! I'm Aussie and I'm proud of the Bigfella!
BIGmatta::Dellevadova is no Patty Mills...
RocknCR::VERY different kind of player...
barcodedlife::He has been out a long time. Hope he stays on the court.
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::;)   http://cdn.bleacherreport.net/images_root/article/media_slots/photos/000/705/476/Inbounds_original.gif?1359699965
RocknCR::...and St. Mary's too, I'll bet!
