Alpine2285::Ty's injury worries me, Fournier stepped up for a game but can do it on a regular basis until Ty comes back?
jayeteee::I guess we'll find out.
ChrisW239::FGCU Really reminds me of the Nuggets when it comes to how they want to play. Kinda sucked to see the hometown team lose last night. Oh Well still got my nuggets!
jayeteee::Might be one of those programs that finds their way to the dance on a regular basis, you should be very proud.
diehardnr1::Is it Wednesday yet?
jayeteee::diehardnr1 gave me an idea, the Nuggets slogan for this year should be,"We will never surrender!" Either that or,"Next man up!"  Nuggets fans, give me your feed back:
diehardnr1::"We will never surrender" is fitting.  This Nuggets team will be a hard out for anybody.  "Next man up!" was the Broncos mantra this year...and we all know how that ended...lol
diehardnr1::i quoted part of his speech below....very inspirational!  Sad that the best leaders can come up with now is "Mission Accomplished" (when NOT) and "Yes We Can"
jayeteee::And since we have some Europeans on our team the 'We will never surrender' quote is very fitting too.   * Of course one's Russian and one of the others is Italian, and we all know what happened to Mussolini. But we did kinda' pull the French out of a jam. :)
mark35345::Karl should be coach of the year. The Spurs get beat every year. The Thunder have the curse of Fisher, And the Clippers are coached by Del Negro. This could be the Nuggets' year.
charlie hustle bets the over::Curse of fisher?? Wish our nuggs could be cursed with 5 rings.
jayeteee::Yeah, but he's a shell of his former self now. Still plays dirty though.
jayeteee::Just to defend myself, of course I want the Nuggets to go to the NBA Finals, what Nuggets fan wouldn't? All I was trying to point out to that over zealous Raptors fan is that I'm not going to predict us in the Finals w/ all the work that lies ahead. One round at a time, and I guarantee you, should we get to the NBA Finals, I'll be the first one to say,"HELLLLLLLLLLLL YEAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
Ontario925::I remember every year until about 10 years ago when playing the Nuggets was like playing the Bobcats. The Nuggets were the forgotten powderpuff last place NBA team every year.
Ontario925::Just another former ABA franchise like the Nets. Forgot they still existed in the NBA before the Carmello Anthony pick up from Syracuse.
diehardnr1::strange....we did not miss you a bit....  Funny thing is I can say the same about the Knicks...I had forgotten they existed until they traded for Anthony  Knicks fans after Melo arrival..."Hey! at least we finally won a playoff game"
diehardnr1::Thats like saying Sweden was a world power during the 17th Century...  It means absolutely nothing now....except for what it is....Ancient History
-tpac_12::4 days till the next game actually a good timing Lawson gets some much needed rest
diehardnr1::.We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, -Sir Winston Churchill  Now THATS a leader!
diehardnr1::I agree....but am not really expecting Ty to play until 100%.   He and the team pushed too hard for the return in SanAn game...and were lucky not to have lost him for the year.  I say rest him until completely healed (see Winston Chandler hip injury)
jayeteee::What was Churchill's famous quote? "We shall never surrender."
diehardnr1::you got me....lol   Was watching a special about WWII and the old bulldog must have been on my mind.
jayeteee::LOL Winston? What if Tom Hanks had named his ball/BFF Winston?
phattybumbum::That's a long time without nuggets basketball.  Its very well deserved however.
CHIPS and SALSA83::Sweet win! I think we should put Fournier out there a little more often, he hasn't played enough for us to really know what he's capable of on a nightly basis but if he can stay aggressive I see good things happening.
diehardnr1::Living in Europe, I have watched Evan play quite a few times.  He is "wise beyond his years" and will develop into a key part of the rotation eventually.  He was refreshing to watch in a world of basketball that looks closer to soccer than BB.. Same for QMiller...I have followed him since QEA HS days.  He almost single-handedly carried Baylor to an Elite 8 spot AFTER suffering a ACL his senior HS year. I am amazed that the Nuggets got him...and see only good things for these two youngsters in Nuggets Blue!
washheightsboy3::Some weird confusion going on in here.  Pretty sure you can 1) be a fan, 2) think your team is really good, but 3) not be sure your team is likely to win the conference or the championship.  I bet Memphis and Indy fans feel similarly.
diehardnr1::There is a name for fans that see ONLY the positives about their team....  HOMER ( and doh! is their usual final response)
CHIPS and SALSA83::thats cool, pessimistic but still ok. as long as you're still rooting for your team I don't see an issue
Kevin Durant still uses Leapfrog learning tables::LMAO @OKC
diehardnr1::glad they lost...but hard to laugh at a team that is 99% sure to win the division....
diehardnr1::KEEP THE 3 SEED!!
diehardnr1::GG Nets!  Guess you did not count on the French Connection having a breakout game.  Seeing QMiller and Fournier on the floor together made me feel good.  I have always like BOTH of their games... Quincy would have been a Top 5 draft choice if not injured and Evan IMHO is the epitome of a true PG...he can penetrate, defend, and hit the 3...once he gets minutes his assist numbers will go up as well. Future looks bright for this young, talented team.  JaVale and Gallo are still enigmas...one of these guys needs to really step up and start finding the flow of this Nuggets team.  All in all another nice TEAM W at home!  Go get the W in UTA!  The long break could not have come at a better time for the hobbled Nuggets.  Just avoid the rust!  btw....was it just my biased eyes or were the Nets bigs just allowed to do whatever they wanted and get away with it for the most part?  Seemed like Reggie and Humphries pushed off every time they went for a RB.  GO NUGGETS!!!
jayeteee::Yet they still lost by 22. Not sure it really mattered, the Nuggets were the much better team on this night.
nuggetzalltheway23::Stone &amp; Quincy Miller are the only Nuggets players not to lead the team in scoring still.  How many teams in the league can say only 2 of their players haven't lead their teams in scoring?  Answer is 0.  How many teams can say 10 different players lead their team in scoring? (Other then Denver) Answer is ..... Still 0.  Were to damn DEEEEEEPPPPP!!!
bearsbball12::Also this isn't true. Randolph, Mozzy, and Hamilton also haven't. But having 10 guys who have scored 19+ points this season is pretty damn impressive.
diehardnr1::thanks bearsbball12 for saving me the time...
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Scroll down. There is nothing but hate for the Nugs from your own fanbase. It is sickening.
diehardnr1::ps...With you being a Raptors and Razorback fan I can understand your lack of knowledge when it comes to enigmatic teams that have the potential to win it all...
diehardnr1::Just because fans criticize obvious weaknesses of their team does not mean they are "hating". To me, a TRUE fan sees the good and the bad.  Any fan that only sees the positives is IMHO just a homer...
bearsbball12::Um, what?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::jayeteee Bingo! Yeah, I admire his Nuggets love, but saying we're going to the NBA Finals makes him look much more delusional than us. 2 fans like this. 1 Hour Ago  Like  Quote  Flag --------- This statement describes what I am talking about. What don't you understand?!? So you DON'T think the Nugs are going to the NBA finals??? JESUS. How many games in a row do they have to win to convince you? How many different players have to have a game high to convince you? How many time do the Nugs have to prove the haters wrong to convince you? Are you kidding me? So who do you think is coming out of the west? Cuz according to you it WON'T be the Nugs.
diehardnr1::jayeteee is as big a Nuggets fan as there is.  Even Karl says the goal of this team is to make the 2nd round!  Its called realism....not to say I do not want them to get to the finals, nor that they cannot....just need them to prove it for a change.  I am sure jayeteee has had his heart broken (like me) during many, many "promising" years.
bearsbball12::The West is a deep conference. The Nuggets have a shot to come out of it, but so do several other teams. It will most likely be either them, SA, or OKC.
bearsbball12::It's weird to think that the Rockies have a game before the Nuggets do.
diehardnr1::@bearsbball12....what is even weirder is that Rockies will be in the middle of their 3rd game when DEN tips off against UTA.
diehardnr1::Monfort's need to sell this team....obvious that their answer to "wheres the beef?" is always going to be "In our feed lots"
Zede51::ya but who will get the next W? probably the nuggets ha
imperiumd::Fournier needs more minutes. I really want to see him develop into a big part of this team. I really like his game.
oaklo::He needs to hit the weight room first
jayeteee::I agree, but he's only 20 yrs old too.
bearsbball12::Well he's gonna get them as long as Lawson is hurt. But he's gonna have to put together several more good games if he wants a chance to stay in the rotation once Ty comes back.
bearsbball12::That will most likely be the case. This isn't the time of year to be tinkering with your rotation, unless it's out of necessity (e.g. your starting PG gets hurt).
jayeteee::He'll go back to the bench when and if Ty comes back. Look how Randolph and some of those other guys did filling in, and it didn't change their status once the player they were filling in for came back.
bearsbball12::The thing though is that if you give Fournier more minutes, who do you take them away from?
imperiumd::I feel if he continues playing like he did tonight, he may get more minutes like Kenneth got last year. George hates playing rookies but I like it. That makes them want to work harder and get in the lineup. Forcing rookies to learn the hard way.
bearsbball12::What do you do against a team who has literally 10 different guys capable of leading them in scoring?
jayeteee::Problem is, sometimes I think it even overwhelms Karl, but he's dealing w/ it better and better all the time.
bearsbball12::It probably does at times, but I'm sure he would prefer having too many options to not having enough.
jayeteee::Next man up, Nuggets!
bearsbball12::Raise your hand if you thought Evan Fournier would be the leading scorer in a Nuggets win this season. That makes 10 different players who have scored 19+ points in a game for the Nuggets this year.
RockyMountainWay1::Such a deep team...maybe my doom and gloom was a bit off :)
jayeteee::How can you be gloom and doom? I admit, even I was worried w/ Ty going down, but as much as I preach about it it's still hard to get use to a team where someone different always steps up.
Quincy Miller 30::http://games.espn.go.com/tournament-challenge-bracket/en/entry?entryID=234191  My bracket is doing well. Too bad it will all go down hill from here.
jayeteee::Damn, Quincy, you have a good bracket going. One of the cleanest I've seen up to this point. Congrats.
jayeteee::Not if Louisville wins out.
Quincy Miller 30::thanks, but its going to be  down from here on out. That Indiana loss really hurt me.
RockyMountainWay1::mine's toast...KU did me in.
EspnHead21::******DIPPING MY CHICKEN NUGGET IN BBQ SAUCE****** THE SWEET SMELL OF VICTORY! #TEAMDENVERNUGGETS. BA, BA, BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! I'M LOVIN' IT!
EspnHead21::Denver stepped up big without their star PG Ty Lawson. The rest of the squad held it down. That's what its all about baby. When your star player goes down other players step up. One monkey don't stop the show! Baby we are the show. #TEAMDENVERNUGGETS.
Zede51::Fournier will take Brewers minutes next year.
jayeteee::I hope we can hang onto both.
Manshoon1::Hmmm, Hmmm, Nugs look good all the time.
Streak4MoreCash::Jojo for JR Smith. That's the only thing BKN needs.
kobe being kobe in colorado::Lopez&gt;Howard  To bad Nets fans are re tar ded, and they don't realize they have the best big man in the league. smh
jayeteee::I just think they're two different type centers myself. One's athletic and quick, and the other is strong and physical w/ finesse to his game. You could still have a running game w/ Dwight as your center, and Lopez is more of a half court player.
colosportsman::yea true..totally different kinds of players.
colosportsman::I like Lopez..Hes a solid player. Not sure if hes the best..Gasol is pretty good to.
jayeteee::DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT  "That is a bold statment to make." ------------  The old pot meet kettle scenario never gets old. This guy calls us a-holes for not labeling this the best Nuggets team ever. Yes, it's right up there w/ the best Nuggets teams ever, but like those 80's teams that you pointed out won nothing, neither has this one. So pull in the reigns and cut the hypocrisy.
colosportsman::Well honestly he had some nice things to say about the team..But don't expect that to score any points when you cut down the fans.
jayeteee::Bingo! Yeah, I admire his Nuggets love, but saying we're going to the NBA Finals makes him look much more delusional than us.
masterosports_newcomp::Too bad this is the internet so he doesn't have to own up to jack...  He'll just tuck his tail and run back under Troll Rock.
jayeteee::It's all in good fun, I just don't get a Raptors/coaches son telling us how we should think. It's mind boggling. :-P
larryswalker::HOW DID QUINCY MILLER LOOK IN HIS 3 MINUTES
larryswalker::HIS first game as a pro..
RockyMountainWay1::PRETTY GOOD
minifarmgirl12::minifarmgirl12 105-92 DEN 4 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share  Nargash35-Manimal 2.0 No TY. Will be less than 10 point game..!! 4 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag ---------- Blowout!!
colosportsman::Well it was a pleasant suprise..Nuggets fans are just trying to be frieindly to fans of other teams.. I Don't usually see many predicting blowouts.
soloartist11::Can people on the boards please use proper grammar and learn to spell?
masterosports_newcomp::Why da hell wuld we do sumthing lke tht...
masterosports_newcomp::Rite? Doods be crzy rownd her
ALEX47666-3::i knew peeps are jst tripsing
ALEX47666-3::its not a question u are asking so it would have ended in a period
masterosports_newcomp::people.*
soloartist11::Darwin Award right here people
nbocheltree::I'd put Denver at 56-26 by season's end. I think they'll lost to Portland and (maybe) the Spurs. They'll definitely keep the third seed.
RockyMountainWay1::Losing to Portland at home? i doubt it...probably the Spurs and maybe one game vs the Mavs.
ALEX47666-3::they wont lose to the spurs   thats our revenge game
ALEX47666-3::without him they lost by one on the road   we can win at home without him
nbocheltree::If they don't have Lawson, it's a tossup. With him I think they take care of business.
ALEX47666-3::guys im having majour issues watching basketball after ku losing
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Did you go to ku? Didnt think so. Get over it
masterosports_newcomp::He's a Raptor and Arkansas fan...cut him some slack lol
ALEX47666-3::are u a nuggets fans   no then stop trolling
Akorn44::FOURNIER?
SouthStander132::Really stepped up tonight...
Hlee196::I say we need at least 57 wins to get the #3 seed n #4... Also good to stop the losing streak at two games.
nbocheltree::Nah, I think if they were 5-3 (maybe even 4-4) they'd keep it. They'll finish better than that, though.
colosportsman::57 wins would mean going 7-1 to finish the season. Don't think we need quite that many wins.
Silverio60::Gotta fix my Mr Pibb lame baseball Team
Silverio60::Nene Lost a berry from his satchel that affected him more
jayeteee::LOL Let it be.
givemefletch20::I hope Lawson's injury doesn't haunt him all season (or the rest of his career for that matter). We saw it really effect Nene.
larryswalker::Oh its a bone blister.....I was thinking it was the hard ligament feeling thing between your heel and ankle..... Well if you hurt that.....it hurts like hell for a while
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::It is on the bottom of the foot. It is an easily preventable injury by using baby powder etc in your shoes. It is known as the lazy player injury.
larryswalker::Yeah after reading what that was....I've fu.cked that up drinkin somehow before.....hurts like sh.it!!!
larryswalker::The plantar fascia is the thick connective tissue (fascia) which supports the arch on the bottom (plantar side) of the foot. It runs from the tuberosity of the calcaneus (heel bone) forward to the heads of the metatarsal bones (the bone between each toe and the bones of the mid foot). The often painful condition plantar fasciitis is an inflammatory condition of the plantar fascia.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ya it sucks I have had it. It is a "bone blister"
larryswalker::Lawson has a plantar fascia tear in his right heel.The team says Lawson will not need surgery to repair the tear
larryswalker::I thought I heard something about his injury earlier on the fan.....I'm going to try to find it
Grindhouse2413::Good win DEN. Memphis won and Floppers lost. That three spot is def yours. All we want is home court over the Floppers. Gonna be a blast in the playoffs this year!
RockyMountainWay1::If that happens you know i'll be rooting for the Griz!
derek_510::i doubt the clippers will make it to the conference finals, but eh they might.  and that's the only way denver can meet them in the playoffs at the point/pace
derek_510::i'll go ahead and predict a memphis-nuggets or a memphis-thunder WCF
jayeteee::Not counting your last 2 home games, you guys have a pretty tough stretch coming up.
Bobcats Will Dominate Soon::Melo trade might be the best thing to happen to the Nuggets.
Hlee196::It's the best thing since we found gold mines here in Co...
jayeteee::Not might, it was.
colosportsman::Nuggets fans have known that for a long time now...
larryswalker::WOW! Both teams played all 13 guys tonight.....Was there some "garbage" time in the last 3 minutes?
larryswalker::Perfect.....That is GREAT to hear!
larryswalker::Nice.....Evan really did have a great game tonight.....someone said earlier on the board that if he keeps it up that he may cut into Dre's minutes....I agree from his stats......How did he look on D?
colosportsman::He was good all over the floor..Really did not see anything he did badly...
colosportsman::Nets played pretty well..The Nuggets just played much better.
larryswalker::Oh damn! Did the Nugs play with energy or was brooklyn just not knocking down shots?
jvberg37::yep up by 20 with 5 min left
larshook::Why do the Nuggets interviews sound like Team Europe?  lol
colosportsman::Yea..The french guy and the italian guy..
colosportsman::Nice to see a  guy who sits on the end of the bench come in and play so well..Nuggets are a really deep team.
larryswalker::Hell yeah evan had a good game!
larryswalker::WORD!
colosportsman::played really good..pleasant suprise.
2hanz::might be earning a few of millers minutes if he's consistent.  we can hope
2hanz::fournier.. did well tonight
larryswalker::I guess I can just check the box score
larryswalker::Who came in...Been watchin the tourney
jayeteee::Fournier.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Deepest team since the Pistons last title. They play flashy team ball. They can beat you every different way and that is why it is going to be a Heat-Nugs final
wildlobo71::Glad to see Fournier get some good minutes and pay back with 19 points... Great bench play tonight!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::wildlobo71 As an ABA team they went 65-19 in 1974-75; as an NBA team they won 54 twice, in 1987-88 and 2008-09.    I would love to think they could exceed 54 wins - this team excites me as much as the run-gun Nuggets of English, Lever, Kiki Vandeweghe and Doug Moe of the mid-to-late 1980s. March 29 2013, 9:51 PM  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag ------ It only excites you as much? Wow. Talk about living in the past. Back in the 80's the alley oop and back down dunks didnt exist. I want to find a Nuggets fan that isn't an a-hole to his own team but it is hard
wildlobo71::DABU-RAPTOR - So every year we start from scratch with the residue or success of last totally wiped away?   Hardly.  Keep dreaming.  I am not some old-timer who thinks that everything thirty years ago was better and more pure (although I do believe that about shooting and ball-handling) - but this team, in my opinion, is neck-and-neck with the best Nugget's NBA teams ever... yep I' m trashing on the 2012-13 Nuggets for not just handing them the Mile High crown.
colosportsman::Maybe I'm over reacting...Still don't call people a-holes
colosportsman::seriously you called him an a-hole to his team..when he said nothing negative about them.
wildlobo71::Watching tape from a distance is not the same as sitting watching the team, feeling the tempo.  Those teams were very good, they weren't great since they could never get past the Lakers, and they had an overall balance that hasn't been seen here in Denver since.  Until now.  This team certainly has no Alex English, but I see so many similarities in Ty Lawson with Fat Lever - Ty is superior but they are the same role.  Danilo could be a poor man's Alex English  - they each have a softer touch, neither one loves contact.  As far as bigs, this team is superior in Faried and McGee over Wayne Cooper, and I see Mosgov as slower footed Blair Rasmussen... Igoudala is Calvin Natt lite, and... well, there's no one I see who matches T.R. Dunn, or Mike Evans off the bench.  That's how I see a comparitive between 1987-88 and 2012-13.
colosportsman::Complimenting the team..but calling down the fans..
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::This is what I am talking about. The pure negativity of Nugs fans. I am complementing the Nugs and saying they are the best TEAM in the NBA. Certainly the best threat to Miami winning another title and I get hated on.   If your team wins an NBA title this year I will be looking for you to own up to all your BS about the Nugs   Edit: you will most likely be on your 100th SN by then though.
colosportsman::Well Nuggets fans don't need a Raptors fan  coming in our threads telling us how to act..Do a few years or even 20 as a Nuggets fan then maybe you can open your yap.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::How do you know I know nothing about those teams? That is a bold statment to make. I have watched a ton of tape on the Nugs from the 80's. why do you think I would bring this argument on? I am basketball obsessed. My father was a coach for 40 years
colosportsman::dabu..I doubt you know a thing about those teams..We talk from experience..I have been watching the Nuggets since the 70s. Nobody is saying we think they where better. He is saying this team excites him as much as those teams.   You know nothing about those teams ..so you have no ground to stand on.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Well. you need to quit thinking that way. Your team put up a 14 game winning streak with no superstar against 2012-2013 NBA competition. If that doesn't qualify as the best Nuggets team what is your expectation? It can't be titles, becuz your precious 80's teams didn't win anything
jayeteee::Let him(DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT) talk out his a.ss, obviously his typing isn't working.
jayeteee::Not hard to read, just full of B.S.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::What is hard to read about my post?
wildlobo71::I won't apologize for having memories of the great teams back in the 1980s - and yes, I sort of size up each Nuggets team to them.  The nineties sucked, the two-thousands were a heart attack and heart ache all at once.  This team is showing the best balance all around and bench depth since those teams of the late 1980s.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Notice I made TEAM in all capitals. They are the best TEAM. Miami has the best player. The Nuggets have the best team. It is impossible to gameplan for the Nugs. Who do you key on?
colosportsman::dabu..Nuggets fans love our team..But best team ..YOur getting a little to hyped..
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Well all I have read and heard from Nugs fans this year is all about how this or that could be better. Are you kidding me? You have the best TEAM in the NBA.
colosportsman::that isn't negativity..Those 80s teams where good teams..WHere not just going to throw away our entire past.
jayeteee::I love how another teams fan is telling us how we should react to our own team's accomplishments.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I am just saying. You can't compare this team to your memories of the 80's it is unfair. This team is way better man. I am an outsider and it is nothing but negativity from Nugs fans. I could understand if the Nugs teams in the 80's were winning titles but they weren't
larshook::I read this 3 times...still makes no sense to me.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::You don't understand that the game in the 80's was played on the floor and not in the air? The Manimal in the 80's would be the best player of all time.
colosportsman::seriously..The guy is talking about a Nuggets team..what the heck are you talking about.
Hlee196::Good win nuggets... This is how we should play.
Viktor Karelin::I think we could beat San Antonio at home
MattQuincy23::Really? They already have.
im not a knicks fan::nuggets! :)
colosportsman::So the question is will the Nuggets exceed there best season record ever..which I believe is 55 wins..although it might be 56 wins. 8 games left.
colosportsman::yea ..your right..just looked 54 was there best year..should be able to exceed that.
colosportsman::i thought they won 55 the year they tied with the Blazers..
wildlobo71::As an ABA team they went 65-19 in 1974-75; as an NBA team they won 54 twice, in 1987-88 and 2008-09.  I would love to think they could exceed 54 wins - this team excites me as much as the run-gun Nuggets of English, Lever, Kiki Vandeweghe and Doug Moe of the mid-to-late 1980s.
Silverio60::Deeper Team no Danny Shayes Blair Rassmussun
larshook::I remember 74-75 vaguely...thought they were going to win the ABA Championship.
larshook::Looks possible when you look at their schedule and the way they've been playing.
NFLFanFreak::Don't Rush Ty's Return if hes Healthy then sure let him play but we need him for the Playoffs do not rush his return.
colosportsman::true..do not want that heel bothering him in the playoffs.
