Andy P Kordyban::Am I reading this right... Houston has 19 points in the 2nd half?
Robert Rtype Taylor::That's insane...19 second half points....
Harold Skorstad::Dina Boyd On your back? Good for you!
Eriko Jim::Have y'all seen Howard new signature moves? So laughable
Andrew Wong::did vegas make a call on the under?
Pepa Esteva::shure, of course
Hunter Bunch::You know it... All the games hit over so had to make the call
Rick Samorano::Hunter Bunch , what a joke of a dump by Houston on purpose to lose and make it go under everyone was like going over.. just a pitty they can act a bit better than that...
John Udouj::The Rockets should just kill themselves after this one. It would be the honorable thing to do.
Jeff Nathan::Get the ball to Terrence Jones. The Rockets are 12-1 this season when he scores 14 points or more.
Kenson Kwok::Get the ball to Motiejunas. The Rockets are 7-0 this season and preseason when he scores 10 points or more.
David Morant::Kenson Kwok ... Let's hope that continues ... being that DMo already has 13 at halftime.
Mang Artemio::Kenson Kwok mchale is the is the guy to blame here, he must have a good rotation with his players. sometimes harden, howard and lin sits too long on the bench whether you're up or not you must continue to play your starters..
Mickey Hughes::KD with a triple-double-double:  36 pts - 21 shts - 20 ft's
Mark Dempsey::21 shits?
Andy P Kordyban::19 points in a half at home roflmao
Bmonster McCarthy::What a pathetic 3rd quarter. The Rockets were esp. putrid. This is a shell of what the league used to look like. 10 points?!
Rob McClure::And then they follow that pathetic 3rd quarter with a even worse 4th quarter.
Marcos Vass::WHAT A PATHETIC HALVE OF BASKEBALL AND WHAT A BUNCH OF SCRUBERS THE ROCKETS REALY ARE,,bmonster what about the 9 pts in 4th qrt lol, capitaulaters
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::harden gnna get fine 50k for flopping
Lance Hartley::He should every game, only reason he is in the top 3 in the league in free throw attempts.
David Chen::Rockets need to established Howard right away and get Thunder big man in foul trouble.  Howard can't be soft and needs to take it hard to the hoop.  Also, Parsons needs to make Durant work hard on defense, Jones is the wild card like always, Lin needs to breakdown the defense, and Harden just being Harden.  It will be a tough game if none of that happens.
Cole Delavergne::or feed Terrance Jones, it'll have the same effect.. the guy is becoming a horse out there.  He is only barely 23, if he develops a jump shot in the next few years like KG did, watch out. right now he seems scared to take those 20 footers and rightfully so he's only hitting 30% on them.
Matt Pilkington::Cole Delavergne  If his ball handling skills improve, this guy is going to be a monster
Elijah Rochford::agree with everything you especially the Dwight part, Dwight needs to attack the thunder's bigs because no one on the thunder can stop him so they should play through howard just so the thunder can double team so he can kick out to the other 4 on the floor like back in his orlando days
Tim Gourley::My Top Five:  1. Blazers 2. Pacers 3. Rockets 4. Heat 5. Spurs 6. Thunder  Fact.
Ayn Bland::Is it a fact that this is your opinion?
Tim Gourley::Ayn Bland Exactly!
Henry Renolda::The thunder have blown out 3 of your top 5 teams
Patrick Oliver::Is that crickets I hear in Houston? They weren't gonna shoot 60% forever...
Patrick Foote::if they wouldve shot 30% in the second half they wouldve won. but they shot like 15%
Bradley El Packador Baker::Huge Thunder fan but man we need someone to step up and help Kevin carry the scoring load he is almost scoring 50% of the teams points and that is not good for anyone.
Allen Gordon::What we need is an additional 3 point shooter to stretch the floor. We are having trouble scoring when the game switches to half-court.
Lance Hartley::You do realize he had 34% of the teams points which is basically 1/3....He wouldn't be close to that with an 8/21 FG night if he wasn't shooting 20 free throws getting bailed out by the refs all the time. Ibaka definitely had a better game.
Allen Gordon::Lance Hartley: That's pure BS; KD is not being bailed out by the refs, he's being rewarded for driving to the hoop. If they don't foul him, Durant is going to finish, he's going to get his point regardless.
Mickey Hughes::FT's:  HOU: 17 KD:  16
Steven Anacker::And there are times when Harden has almost as many as the other team.
Mickey Hughes::Not even Howard being hacked intentionally all yr has more...lol
Randy Dixon::There's a reason okc gave you harden....there's a reason the knicks didn't match Lin.....there's a reason the Lakers weren't upset Howard left....THEY STILL aren't a real contender so who cares about those losers...every team that let those bums go got better once they left
Corey Davison::Aren't the Lakers and Knicks doing worse? Survey says... yes, yes they are doing worse.
Robbie Davison::Actually the Thunder could use Harden right now.
Kyle Kenyon::Robbie Davison only because westbrook is hurt. The way they were playing this year with him back and not needing reggie, lamb, etc to do so much they were ballin out. They will be fine when he comes back
Bmonster McCarthy::For all you whining schmucks crying over all the fouls called on the poor Rockets (waagh), the Thunder had more fouls called on them than the Rockets. Houston shot way too many 3's (34). and hit only 40% overall to 46% for OKC. That's the game.
Stanley Foster::And without Westbrook.  Just one of those games.  10-point 3rd quarter was bad - a NINE-point 4th quarter was worse.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Put 06 Wade or 06 Kobe in place of Harden on this Rockets team, they would be the 1 seed right now.
Marco Paz::Easily. Both were monsters those years.
David Morant::73 in the 1st half ... 19 in the 2nd half ...   Brilliant.
Amnon Cohen::It's not that hard to understand. Rockets played back to back where the starters played 40+ minutes in each game. McHale didn't use the bench in either game
William Huang::McHale's has only one game plan, that's to shoot 3s all day long.  No defense scheme at all.
ThunderHeads Page::I can't understand why we lack patience on Offense....bad shot after bad shot after turnover...
Linda Carol McGee::I see why Houston has been so up & down this year. Jacking 3s all night is great when you get hot, but gets you beat when you're not.
Linda Carol McGee::As I was saying.... Lol... Wow.
Ayn Bland::Here's an idea Rockets fans: You could blame it on the B2B like you did the 31 point spanking a couple of weeks ago.
Roy G Peede::OKC 104 HOU 92 SportsBooks 1,000,000,000 apparently
Ayn Bland::Anyone actually believe the Rockets will shoot 60% from 3 the whole game?  Yeah.  Me neither.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::yeh they will.. okc = 0 defence
Ayn Bland::Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel *defenSe  Genius.
Matt Beggs::Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel not all good shooting means poor defence, sometimes a team just gets hot
