Andrew Lipham::finally the sixers turned back into the sixers. losing streak starts NOW
Anthony Freitas::Warriors are killin it!
Alicia Narae Miller::Did you see how wide open Iguodala was all game and all season. They defense is doubling Curry and whoever is guarding Klay wont leave him. This is giving Iguodala more open shots than he has ever had in his career. He can either pop open 3s or drive to the basket because he has a huge opening in the lane. If he is hot he can make 3s, if his shot isnt working he can drive and dish/score. Things are looking good in Golden State. They have 5 All-Star caliber players on their starting roster and one coming off the bench. The best part is they are actually playing defense. They have 2 elite defenders starting and  one elite defender coming off the bench(Bazemore). Plus, they are playing team defense which helps their players who arent the greatest defenders. GO DUBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Andrew Lew::Iguodala best stat is something that is not recorded. That is deflections. This is the best team he has fit into. He would be the best role player in the NBA.
T.c. Brown::Who is this second elite defender you speak of?
Darryl McMillon::The elite starters on defense are Iggy and Bogut.... Klay is becoming a close 3rd
Khoo Wee Sheng::Splash brothers becoming Splash Triplets? Iggy getting it on.
Adrienne Carr Barnes::Returning players always seem to have their best game against the former team. Looks like he's quite comfortable on that court.
Adrian Rodriguez::I fully expect an edge of your seat game tonight vs the Warriors, but I think my beloved Sixers finally lose a game I think Bogut and Lee will be the difference inside...Warriors 128-122 in OT, but if the Sixers win...oh my!!!!! Pandemonium!!!! Lol GO SIXERS!!!!!!
Jordan Ho::hawes is playing great and so is young. their inside players arent that much big of a difference. bogut isnt really offensive, lee is.
Paul Slattery::Hawes hasn't played against a legit defensive center yet.... turn the game on dude....
John Wunder::Did u really take a pic of you and ur camera showing off ur 'guns'? Pathetic much?
Alan Ogg::4-17 carter-williams  HAHAHAAHAHAHAHA  the show is over, time for reality.
Noah Peart::this warriors bench is hard to watch
Kemala Martin::Barnes will change that
Scott Carter::I wonder how many people predicted the Sixers would start the season 3-0 with wins over Miami AND Chicago.
David Morrissey::how about 4-0 with wins over Miami, Chicago and Golden State?
Kin Tse::David Morrissey how about....NO
Paul Slattery::How about a 40 point blow out....
Amir Shirazi::Not a fan of both , but should be a great game Pulling for the sixes I say 106-96 sixes
Harry Mak::This will definitely be a good game since both teams are young and run fast. I'm a die-hard for the Warriors so I gotta hope they can pull through but those turnovers will probably kill us
Paul Slattery::Hows that great game prediction coming? Maybe Nostradamus should turn on the TV, watch, and learn.
Andrew Young::The only concern I have about the Warriors is their defense... It reminds of the Oakland Raiders meaning they can open up huge leads but let it slip away at the end of the game. Case in point vs. the Clippers.... Oh and turnovers, those are a big issue.
Adrienne Carr Barnes::Yep.  As a long time Warriors fan, who has attended many games over the years, no matter how great the lead was in the 4th quarter, we would hold out breaths at the 8 minute mark and pray that they held on.  Needless to say, most of the time they didn't.  LOL.  We at least got to leave the arena with a free big mac, for them scoring over 100 points.  This is the dawning of a new age though.....
Harry Mak::Last year Warriors got owned in the clutch by turner.  Feels good this year with all the blowouts. I already get enough white hair from the giants and niners
John Osaki Jr.::If you are a big-time Warrior or 76ers fan, check out the great Rick Barry and Chris Mullin along with Charles Barkley in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Dantin Morgan::When I saw that the Warriors ended the 3rd quarter up 98-75 against the 3-0 76ers in Philadelphia, I was very surprised. I thought Michael-Carter Williams would dominate like he did in his first 3 games.
T.c. Brown::Expecting too much from the rook.
Matt Dunn::Calm down with these "Tanking starts now because we lost a game" comments. Yeah we are not going to be great this season let alone a playoff team, but this one loss does not mean "Oh well season's over".
Jackson Baer::Wow, what a game for Curry & the Warriors.  Pick up the new literary suspense, http://jacksonpaulbaer.com/the-earth-bleeds-red/
Paul Slattery::ok class.... that concludes our lesson for the day of who is a legit western conference contender and who is a not so legit eastern conference pretender....
Michael Wigon::always the optimist :-)
Michael Thompson::And so the Warriors win the Transitive Property NBA Championship (They beat Sixers, who beat Heat)
Andrew Young::Well we did beat the Heat last year in our only matchup :D
Joseph McNeal::The Warriors beat the Heat in Miami and they came to Oakland and beat the Warriors. They split last year.
Jake Pool::I love when million dollar athletes cant make a free throw,that's emberassing and pathetic
Wood Lee::Don't matter the game is out of reach. At  least play the game right. Both team on 4 quarter look suck and sucker...
Justin Slavin::gonna be a great game and hey, we're "not supposed to win" anyway.  really been fun watching so far.
Steve Gardner::Philly vs Philly.. Philadelphia Warriors vs. Philadelphia 76ers
Dave Amodei::Both these teams love to run, so Golden state may actually pose the biggest threat for the sixers so far. However, if MCW can keep it up I see the sixers winning at home behind a strong performance from Evan and Thad.
Paul Slattery::Do you see what happens against a good defensive team that can shoot the lights out? They actually don't like to run... they can, but the don't have to...
Jeffrey Cox::Nice to see Curry get his TO's back under control.
David Morrissey::I guess the 76ers are who we thought they were.
Albert Dominique Thomas::Warriors are such a dangerous team.
