BuckusToothnail::Where are all the jokers now saying Mike D'antoni was a better choice than Phil Jackson? HAHAHA. You guys are dumber than a bag of nails! Jimmy Buss and his sidekick yes-man Mitch really blew it when they screwed over Phil. Remember Phil is the Zen Master and this is KARMA biting you right in the behind!
jessica_rabbit17::Wake up fakers you are finished!!u are to old and will never get past the young thunder or Memphis over a 7 game series,heck u won't even get past the spurs!!
scabbfan::How can kobe add howard &amp; Jamison &amp; do sooooooooooooooooooo bad?/  How can kobe with the superteams &amp; allstars kobe has had only have 5 rings??????????
jessica_rabbit17::Just coz ur team is a joke even tho u signed Howard and Nash!!!even with 2 all stars Kobe still cannot win!!!u won't even get past the first round!!no go and cry coz yr mum gets dped by blacks!!lol
jessica_rabbit17::Coz ball hog is the most over rated player in nba history!!!shaq got Kobe his first 3,then only when he got gasol he won 2 more.
ChrisLA2010::u get dumber as the day goes by..... give it up already.
rajdi@att.net::chris duhon, i hate you
texan.person::"All we need is Delonte West and we'll be better" -Laker fans
marat 2.0::You mean Derek Jeter?
marat 2.0::Kobe will soon have to make 4-point shots to win games for the Lakers.
marat 2.0::"Lakers still can win 69 games this season." Lakers fans
MagicBoltzRays::Q: How many Kobe bricks were left after building the great wall of China? A: Enough to build the city of Bejing too.
rajdi@att.net::16/28
Daniel798::Finally everyone is seeing how Mr.Ball hog Bryant is.
rajdi@att.net::16/28
Rodneycash20122012::The only ball hog here is jessica_rabbit.
flip tide.....::wait, what?
gatorfan808::This should be a lesson to all the other teams because team chemistry is so overlooked.  You cannot slap a bunch of stars together and expect to win.  You would never pour rich milk chocolate over a good steak.  Not everything good goes well together.
jessica_rabbit17::Steve Kerr not a star?lmfao do hitting the winning jump shot in game 6 of the 1997 finals to make the bulls repeat not make u clutch or great?pmsl I think it's you who needs a lesson in nba history u tosser!!!
Daniel798::How can you have chemistry with anti chemistry Kobe on the team?
jessica_rabbit17::What a load of crap!!!in 1996 mj and the bulls did it with a new Dennis rodman,Steve Kerr etc!!they won 72-10 record first season they played together as a new team so don't give me crack about it takes time!!kobe is a joke,Jordan always made his teammates better kobe does not!!!
BuckusToothnail::That team had Phil Jackson, the Zen Master, coaching and balancing the superstar egos and the headcase. Enough said.
flip tide.....::CubicleJoe - that team had just about the greatest balance of role ...  ..true professionals, at least on the basketball diamond.  Basketball diamond??  WTF? lol  *I still liked your comment though.. hahahah
gatorfan808::Steve Kerr was not a star.  Rodman was a unique piece that the Bulls didn't have to worry about disruption on the offense, he wouldn't disrupt Jordan or Pippen.  Rodman also was on his last notice because everywhere he went he caused controversy.  The Bulls took a risk with him because no other contender had any serious interest.  Know your facts, from reading your previous posts, you don't know much.
CubicleJoe::that team had just about the greatest balance of role players in league history, that's all.  rodman didn't care about scoring, just rebounding and defending.  kerr hit spot-up j's.  they knew their jobs and did them.  true professionals, at least on the basketball diamond.
CubicleJoe::Though black holes (either stellar-mass or supermassive) emit no light of their own, their intense gravity gathers matter around them.
CubicleJoe::aaaaand Dr.
Looks good on u tho::Black holes or Black Mambas?
CubicleJoe::Ball hog in my definition is not always someone who takes a lot of shots, but more on how many low percentage shots they take.  If it is a good shot, why not shoot it as many times as possible....more ======== concur.  take.  better.  shots.
Tate12Packers12::So one month into the season, and the record breaking, all-time great Lakers team lost more games than the Bulls did that entire year. Good Luck next year Kobe!
gatorfan808::There was a question whether or not it is a time to panic for the Lakers?  My opinion, it is time to panic.  Quarter of the season is gone, you are almost 7 games behind the Clips who look great and don't look like they are going to have a meltdown.  They are behind GS by 5 or 6 games as well.
Xenolith666::Maybe the Lakers are going for some kind of coaching change record in one season and we just don't know it yet.
Rodneycash20122012::thats possible.
CubicleJoe::it's a piece of performance art, duuuuh!
coltranesteelkirt::There's no shame in losing to the Cavs.... They are only the 2nd worst team in the league... Lakers are the worst.
gatorfan808::Cavs played 10 games without Irving.  You all saw how good he is, he is a difference maker.
ccice9::Come on man, be fair. The Cavs are better than the Wiz.
jcmaggi::TROLL: "Lakers lost because Kobe shot 28 shots hahahahaha."  PERSON WITH BRAIN: "Really? you don't think the reason the Lakers lost last night  had anything to do with 19 turnovers leading to 24 points, missing 15 FT's and giving up 30 points in the 4th quarter?"  TROLL: "Nope. 28 shots and 42 points"  PWB: "..............here's your sign"
CubicleJoe::igor...whose brain did i put in this body?
sk0dawgs::how bout only 2 assits to 5 turnovers. pretty pathetic to get 2 assits when he handles the ball that much. not a kobe hater, but come on. 2????????
jessica_rabbit17::Steven a smith............was MWP smoking crack when he said 73-9 record?!!!!lmfao Gotta love Steven a!!!!lol
CubicleJoe::47 is the new 42, i hear.
jessica_rabbit17::47?lmfao!!!!!!!!i rest my case!!!
Rodneycash20122012::what case would that be my love?  You make me hot with that "LMFAO" thing.
jessica_rabbit17::20 years really?ur only 19 so how we're u born?testtube?lmfao
Rodneycash20122012::have you been stalking me?  how sweet.  I am 47.  I hope you are okay with that.   BTW... I love fat women like yo-self.
Rodneycash20122012::my dear jessica, dont get so angry.  I know when you say you are LMFAO, thats a lot of a$$ to laugh off.
Rodneycash20122012::thats gross.  She has been dead, god rest her soul, for 20 years.  I still love you though.
jessica_rabbit17::Don't cry coz I have eaten your moms clunge!!!!lmfao
elcherino::CJ Miles&gt;Kobe
TIGERJAW is dumb::Who takes more shots than Kobe? Only your mother at my house on a Friday night.
Rodneycash20122012::actually melo averages more shots per game.
Rodneycash20122012::jessica, you excite me.  The post was who takes more shots.  Back that big a$$ up to me baby.
gatorfan808::Ball hog in my definition is not always someone who takes a lot of shots, but more on how many low percentage shots they take.  If it is a good shot, why not shoot it as many times as possible.
jessica_rabbit17::But the Knicks WIN when he does u tosser!! Big difference!!lol
gatorfan808::Clippers, Thunder and Grizzlies are more athletic than the Lakers by far and they play as a unit.  The Spurs are not as athletic as those teams but they have an offensive philosophy that involves every player so every player needs to be defended.  Also everyone plays all out on the defensive end, if not Pop is not afraid to bench his stars.  No one on the Spurs worries about their numbers as long as they win.  The Lakers have an experienced core like the Spurs with some youth but that is where the comparison ends.  The Lakers at this point will easily lose in a playoff series against any of the teams mentioned.
Rodneycash20122012::at this point, yes.
jessica_rabbit17::Aww poor jcFaggi!!!crying as the team he follows with all its talent are the biggest joke in the nba and are getting beat by abysmal teams!!!
jcmaggi::Insults from someone who can't construct a proper sentence with even the most basic of subject verb agreements mean less than nothing to me.
Rodneycash20122012::Jessica honey, you unlock this door with the key of imagination. Beyond it is another dimension: a dimension of sound, a dimension of sight, a dimension of mind. You’re moving into a land of both shadow and substance, of things and ideas.
CubicleJoe::has anyone mentioned the Lakers are 1-10 when Kobe scores 30 or more, and 8-3 when Kobe scores less than 30, yet?
Daniel798::They don't want to hear that. Somehow it's not his fault
TIGERJAW is dumb::hahahah
CubicleJoe::*quite often say*
CubicleJoe::re: rodney's kobe/english/shaqpau comment:  sorry for the delay.  work gets in the way.  i'm comparing one great scorer to another to approximate a more realistic place on the list of HOFers.  i just made the comparison between kobe and english, genius - voila ,there it is.  the kobe fans i have encountered over the past few years quite often says he's the second-best shooting guard ever or that he's unquestionably top-10.  i've seen all 3 assertions here in the past week.  shaq needed a coach he could respect, so yes.  pau as well.  but pau had a finals mvp ripped away from him by the kobe media in 2010, so it's not been quite so perfect.  and since then, kobe nation has developed a severe case of amnesia where they forgot pau was the difference between early round flameouts and two titles in a row.
CubicleJoe::i am here to bring understanding.  i realize english was a SF, but they score at fairly similar clips...english on fewer shots, of course.
Rodneycash20122012::sorry about that.
CubicleJoe::Rodneycash20122012 - no argument there.  ======= careful...you might break the internets with talk like that.
Rodneycash20122012::no argument there.
Rodneycash20122012::English was a forward but whatever.  I definitely dont think Kobe is the second best shooting guard ever.  thanks for coming back.
TIGERJAW is dumb::The Lakers are 1-10 when Kobe scores 30 or more, and 8-3 when Kobe scores less than 30. Does this not tell you something, Laker nation...?
jcmaggi::That the Lakers play better when the offense flows smoothly. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be much of an offensive game plan right now. Who's going to create a shot? Duhon? MWP? Jamison? Dwight? (Dwight touches the ball anywhere in good position and he's going to the line)
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao!!!EXACTLY!!! They still think Kobe ain't the problem when those stats prove it!!
jcmaggi::Right, the reason the Lakers lost last night was Kobe dropping 42 on 28 shots (1.5 points per shot) and NOTHING to do with 19 turnovers leading to 24 points, missing 15 FT's and giving up 30 points in the 4th quarter.
Rodneycash20122012::dude, get some new material.  That one has been used all day.
Rodneycash20122012::jessica, you unlock this door with the key of imagination. Beyond it is another dimension: a dimension of sound, a dimension of sight, a dimension of mind. You’re moving into a land of both shadow and substance, of things and ideas.
jcmaggi::Dude, learn how to type/spell/construct sentences because you're showing everyone in the world that you're nothing but a moron.
jessica_rabbit17::Dude follow a new team coz yours is the biggest joke in the nba!!lol
jessica_rabbit17::So you are telling me when a player if the team u flow says something u always think he is talking sh.t?oh the mentality of faker fans!!!lol
jcmaggi::you're supposed to stop pushing the q-tip when there's resistance.
Rodneycash20122012::thats the problem.  When she pushes it, the q tip goes all the way through.
Rodneycash20122012::you make as much sense as a women's urinal.
jessica_rabbit17::Laker fans before the season 73-9 record here we come .......after brown gets fired after 5 games there is always next year!!!lmao
Rodneycash20122012::no, didnt hear that one either.  Nice story though.
Rodneycash20122012::he is actually a she.  She is back in the kitchen where she belongs instead of being on the internet.
jcmaggi::Trolls like him keep saying "remember when all Lakers fans....." when the reality is the only person that said it was MWP and when he did every Lakers fan went "why would he say that"
gatorfan808::Lakers are very predictable on offense which makes them easy to defend and cause turnovers.  Shot distribution is terrible.  I am not saying Kobe is a ball hog but the more frustrated he gets, the less he will pass the ball.
jcmaggi::Like I said, the way they're running their offense isn't ideal. You're right, they're predictable, Kobe gets the ball and is forced to create, 5 pairs of eyes on defense are on Kobe.  This leads to turnovers (Kobe averages 4 and Dwight about the same) or long jump shots leading to long rebounds. Again, not ideal, but the Lakers have been making it work somehow so they can score enough to win.  The more fundamental problem is it seems D'Antoni can't create a game plan without Nash and they need to pick up the energy on D.
jcmaggi::Like I said, the more fundamental issue and reason they're really losing is defense (and turnovers)
gatorfan808::Howard is a good help defender, but he can't defend the pick n roll.  Against the Cavs, he was always behind the defender on the switch.  World Peace is slow and the other Laker guards are not big enough or quick enough to stay with the better guards in this league.  Nash doesn't solve this problem on defense.  Personnel wise this team is a mess.
jessica_rabbit17::Lakers are 1-10 when Kobe scores over 30 or more and u still don't think Kobe is the problem?lmfao!!!where is your 73-9 record?hahahahaha
Rodneycash20122012::oh baby..... stop....  You post like a troll.  Do you look like one too?
Tim Misny::i just looked up the reporter who Dantoni said was "pissin him off". Name is TJ Simers. Looked up some of his interviews and the guy is such a troll. how does he still have a job?
coltranesteelkirt::A good reporter SHOULD be a troll.  This guy's stock just went up in my book.
jcmaggi::TJ Simers is a piece of $@%!
Tim Misny::i wouldnt say a piece. i'd say a whole steaming pile
jessica_rabbit17::Jcmaggi.....lmfao how many times has Kobe scored over 30 and the lakers lose already this season?i rest my case!!!kobe makes his team mates worse period!!!how many times did u hear Jordan scores 42 and bulls lose?lmfao!!!
jcmaggi::the Lakers losses have nothing to do with offense this season. Although they've been stagnant and forced to iso a ton, they've managed to score enough points. Is it ideal? Of course not. But is that the reason they're losing? No.  Defense (allowing offensive rebounding), Turnovers (leading to fast breaks, this is an area where Kobe has been guilty), and not making free throws is why they're losing.  Morons like you see a trendy stat like "Lakers are 1-10 in games Kobe scores 30 or more" and they wet themselves and go "see, they're losing because he's shooting too much" instead of realizing there are more fundamental issues and that correlation is not indicative of causation.
Rodneycash20122012::you said historically so thats what I gave you.  You do realize 676-375 is a great record, right?
Rodneycash20122012::676 out of 1021 with  = .662    57-38 without.  .604
Looks good on u tho::During the 3-peat years with Shaq LA won 73% of their games. When Shaq did not play only 12-11 or 52% When Kobe did not play 25-7 or 78%  In 2009 -2010 they were 4-1 when Kobe didn't play including a road victory at Portland and the only loss was a 2-pt loss at Boston.
jcmaggi::If you could find the number of games for each that would help
Rodneycash20122012::actually that isnt true.  .604 without  .662 with.
Looks good on u tho::Historically, the Lakers have a better winning percentage when Kobe doesn't play than when he does.  What do you attribute that to?
Rodneycash20122012::you hit it right.
Rodneycash20122012::you are a foul mouthed little philly, arent you?
Rodneycash20122012::you are making me hot with talk like that.  gimme more baby.  Is your name what it is because you screw like a rabbit.  mmmmmmm
jessica_rabbit17::Rodneycash?your name should have been Rodneygash as u never use ur d..k!!!lmao
Objective Sports Analyst::Can Kobe set a new record................&nbsp;&nbsp; How many people can you blame in an NBA season for losses &nbsp; &nbsp; Mike Brown (check)&nbsp; Pau Gasol (check)&nbsp; Fans (Check because they all need to shut up &amp; stop being idiotic) Howard&nbsp;(Check “We missed a lot of easy ones”) D'Antoni&nbsp;(Check “I had a head coach who stayed calm”) The Bench Check  Front Office Stern&nbsp; Waterboy&nbsp; ESPN You Reading This
gatorfan808::When you look at the box score of this game, where the Cavs were really bad from the charity stripe, and shot under 45% from the field and you wonder how they lost this game.  Than you look at how many turnovers and assists and then you can see why.  24 assist to 11.  The Lakers are just working so much harder for shots than the other team.
jessica_rabbit17::No just to Kobe rim lickers!!!
Rodneycash20122012::you really need to finish the housework.  You dont have time to be trolling these boards.
jessica_rabbit17::Lol no your losing games coz Kobe is a ball hog tosser!!basketball is a team game!!i mean he scores 42 and he loses!!talk about being humiliated!!
I3UTTON::Lakers don't have an offensive game plan? isn't that the sole reason the Lakers hired Mike 'Antoni?
gatorfan808::When you watch the last 5 minutes of the game.  When Kobe gets the ball, he dribbles around for a shot or just launches a 3.  No ball movement, other guys are just standing around.  And then the Lakers after the miss, don't hustle back on defense.
jcmaggi::No, the Lakers are losing games because they can't get stops when they need them, they've been allowing opponents to get too many offensive rebounds, and turnovers have been giving opponents way too many easy buckets.  Basketball morons like you look at Kobe's stats and say "oh hahahaha they're losing because he's shooting too much." The reality of the situation is that the volume of Kobe's shots is symptomatic of a much bigger issue, which is the Lakers do not have an offensive game plan. They've been forced in to becoming an Iso team and they can't even get the ball to Howard down low because if they do, he's just going to get put at the foul line where he has been atrocious. And who's the best iso player on the team? Kobe. He scored 1.5 points per shot last night, ridiculous efficiency.
Rodneycash20122012::do all girls talk like that where you come from?
jessica_rabbit17::Howard should have gone to the heat if he wanted a ring so badly!!going to la has proved to be the worst move in nba history after only 21 games!!lmfao!!!fir the magic to destroy Howard last week in la was hilarious!!!
Looks good on u tho::You understand that this was a trade and that Howard didn't freely pick LA, right?
Looks good on u tho::No...it was always Brooklyn, but Orlando could not work out a trade with them.  He ended up with LA because Orlando was able to agree to a trade.  Miami had nothing to offer.  Other teams would not agree to a trade unless Dwight agreed to an extension, which he was not willing to do.  LA took the risk.
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao!!$@%!!! For over 2 months when Howard was asked which team he would like to play for and he said my top 3 are la,heat and New York!!!
gatorfan808::Howard is getting up there with Lin on the most overrated player in the league title.
Rodneycash20122012::19 and 20 is pretty overrated.
LeBronThaDon::I know this would probably destroy D'Antoni's relationship with Kobe, but what if it got so bad that D'Antoni ends up saying to reporters, "Looks like all of us in here can use a pair of big boy pants this season"
LeBronThaDon::How long before D'Antoni gets the Death Stare?
LeBronThaDon::Before Kobe's Death Stare, former Minnesota Timberwolves Chris Carr gave Kobe the Death Stare after Kobe beat him in the 1997 NBA Slam Dunk Championship.  I'm not lieing, YouTube it.  It's hilarious.
Rodneycash20122012::and that matters how?
jessica_rabbit17::How can Kobe score 42 and the lakers lose?kobe makes his team mates worse,Jordan made his team mates better!!!when fakers signed Howard and Nash u all said 73-9 record!!!lmfao!!!this year u have had your worst start in 40 years!!ha
jcmaggi::The only person that said that was MWP and he's batsh*t crazy.
ccice9::So... how about those Cavs.
I3UTTON::they have a brighter future than the Lakers, that's for sure.
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao!!lakers lose to a team who have list 17 if there last 21 games,Kobe scores 42 and lakers still lose?talk about an epic humiliation!!!! Lakers are a disgrace!!
Rodneycash20122012::lost*    their*     now get back in the kitchen and make some sandwiches.
Objective Sports Analyst::Mike Brown is being paid 4 million not to coach. Nash 9 million and can't ,play. Gasol 19 million and won't play...Kobe 28 million and doesn't pass, rebound or play defense.&nbsp; That's 60 million
PMPJohn::"That's money well spent!"  - Gregg Popovich
CubicleJoe::Rodneycash20122012you contradicted yourself franklin.  If he is an all-time great in a sport that less than 1% of the people in the world get to play, how is he overrated?...   Rodneycash20122012how many titles did Alex English win?  How much money did he generate for the franchise =========== 1.  well, rodney, if people say he's top-5 but he's actually closer to 20, by definition, he is overrated (opinion, of course.)  2.  context matters.  as noted in the original comment, kobe fell into just about the perfect situation, getting to play next to THE most dominant big man since kareem, as he reached his pinnacle.  english did not.  thanks for trying.
Rodneycash20122012::why are you comparing him to alex english was the real question?  There isnt a comparison, genius.  Who said he was top 5?  I am not a Kobe fan but how many of the 5 championships would they have won without him?  I guess you could say shaq and pau fell into the perfect situation.
Lakers Are Forever::Im openly trolling.
jmslivnik::You dont troll on your own teams board, its impossible
PMPJohn::Nope. You are a Laker fan.....I'M Trolling!
Lakers Are Forever::Fact: When Michael Jordan wears No. 12  he has a 0.00 Win Percent.
jmslivnik::You just got dumber
Lakers Are Forever::http://wiki.answers.com/Q/When_did_Michael_Jordan_wear_number_12
jmslivnik::He also has never lost a game when Wearing number 99.
jmslivnik::You seriously are mentally handicapped arent you?
LeBronThaDon::D'Antoni is right about the Lakers being slow but yet Kobe disagrees saying "speed doesn't win Championships"  I say fire D'Antoni, let Kobe coach the team.
jmslivnik::If Kobe coached the team, they would run one play.  Everyone step aside, here I come
i hate all jews including mel gibson::So if dwight gets my board and dunks it thats the same as an assist right????  -kobe
Rodneycash20122012::if my mom continues to wipe my a$$ for me, thats the same as an assist, right?  -i hate all jews including mel gibson
Objective Sports Analyst::Idiots saying that kobe has to take this many shots are kobe slurpers. He is on a roster full of hall of famers... now how do you think those players got to be hall of famers? By standing around? No, they got there by BALLING... which they cant do with Kancer Bryant in their heads!
LeBronThaDon::I predict another Metta World Peace Elbow somewhere in the near future.  Somebody better put a leash on that animal.
Rodneycash20122012::hopefully he starts with you.
LeBronThaDon::D'Antoni is right though....these Lakers are slow.  And league is only getting faster and stronger.
