ofsfan::Jeremy Lin's 1 turn over cost the Rockets the game.  James Harden's 7 turn overs had absolutely nothing to do with the loss.  It was all Lin's fault.
fred3857::We know you say opposite word,but somebody just can't figure it out. Rox should win this game if coach McHale don't bench Lin too long and let turnover machine with less defense Harden stay court so long.
ofsfan::Duh.  Of course I was joking.  I'm not saying that Lin is John Stockton.  But I'm getting sick of people saying how horrible he plays.  Lin is a good &amp; getting better PG.  He needs to get more credit for it.  I appreciate the effort from both Harden &amp; Asik also.  Hope the Rockets do well in the 2nd half of the season.
FredPE1965::BTW, Lin had 17 points and 2 assists on the 4th quarter!
FredPE1965::Your are joking, right? Seems like Jeremy Lin is the new Whipping Boy but at least get paid very well for it.
Jason Stone Lee::I believe you are joking. And Lin's only TO in this game was half court pass to Harden who was too slow to catch it.
Denny5171::you're either joking or an idiot.....
je ballew::Harden 1-5 w/ 3 turnovers 4th qtr.  40+ min. on court.  Is that good rotation of players by Mchale???
fred3857::Is McHale a racist or Linsanity hater. Why he can bench Lin at all 4th qtr when he played not bad,but never dare to bench Harden when performed terriblly so many times. If I were coach,I definitely won't let turnover machine with less defense Harden stay court so long.
Jason Stone Lee::The problem is; 1. McHale said many times he is Harden's dead fan. 2. McHale beg Harden to help him keeping the job.  BTW, Harden was 1 - 6 in the 4th qtr.
whosaysstufflikethat::can we stick to basketball and cut out all the racial rants? let the game and the players speak for themselves. play time will be earned and skill will develop with time. if there are coach biases then it'll be good for some players to build character from. every player has their own journey to go through as do we all.   and i know this is going to sound like something from our mothers, but let's cut out the personal put-downs. no one knows anyone personally so no need to get personal.   peace out.
QNoir::What about when you judge another for judging you. Or if you judge people who judge others for judging them. I'm not being funny. This is exactly what I see going on here. What's interesting about being a minority of any kind, which the majority can't understand, is that when racism is difficult to identify, it doesn't make it ok. Additionally, it doesn't make the person who claims to identify it into a racist, even if he's wrong. His hypersensitivity is likely related to his experience. Akin to an woman who was assaulted, and thereafter judges a man's advances as out of line. She could be going overboard, or she could be more apt to call it like it is.
I Have The Pawaaaa::Agree.  Feel free to paste this liberally.  “When you judge another, you do not define them. You define yourself.” ~Wayne Dyer
whosaysstufflikethat::oh and btw, the nuggets played a solid game yesterday. i'm a rox fan but the nuggets really turned up the heat in the 4th and took a well deserved win.   those turnovers man - i thought i was watching an apple pastry factory yesterday.   but watch you back denver, cuz we'll be back in April!
cbass4108::Its unacceptable to turnover the ball as many times against the Nuggets.  Andre and Ty on the fastbreak in transition is a force to wreckoned with.  I believe the Rockets are a better team from behind the arc, makes them more versatile especially for Harden.
texasagg777::The turnover excuse is invalid. The Rockets are the most turnover prone team in the NBA. A lot of those turnovers were bc of Denver's defense to force them. Yes believe it or not Rocket fans some were earned by defense.
Dezagcoog::You say we're the most turnover prone team and then say that Denver earned the turnovers LOL....
Czeren7390::Nuggets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Rockets
Aweiy::I love harden but i also think that Lin and Kevin Martin would have been a better combo
Bill.Saskatchewan::Quit saying the Rockets gave it away, the better team picked up the defense and took over the game. Nuggets are 3 for 3 now against the rockets, they are the better team. If the rockets had won this game in denver the nuggets would have been the ones giving the game away
I Have The Pawaaaa::Wow a lot of the racists comments from last night disappeared.  ESPN moderators obviously were absent at that time.  Flagging works however.  I saw a few disappear immediately after I clicked Flag.  Must be a self-governing censoring system.
Aweiy::Mchale needed to give Harden some time to rest  he played 42 minutes
sagematic::I agree, harden going to the line changes the tempo and the rhythm.  I think that can be good if the rockets are trying to stop the momentum of the other team.  But, not good if the rockets are rolling.
whosaysstufflikethat::i think the rockets can still have a show - however brief in the playoffs with or without harden. his strength lies in slowing the game down for the other team after getting fouled doing those ridiculous drives. unfortunately, it kills the momentum for the rockets too as they can be a good running team.
Dawan208::I agree, he's asking for a injury.  If Harden gets injured, there goes the playoffs for the rockets.
Bill.Saskatchewan::Lin sucks, Rockets suck, nothing new
Dezagcoog::yeah totally 110 points is a REAL defensive effort.....
Dawan208::Ok if Lin sucks why did he have more points than just one person on the opposing team!!!!!!!     Yea,  I thought so!!!!
Bill.Saskatchewan::They didnt give it away, the Nuggets picked up the effort on defense, harden stopped getting his D sucked by the refs, and the better team took over, thats 3 for 3 this year, the Nuggets are clearly the better team get over it
Dawan208::Also Rockets gave this game away with turnovers.   We only got  way behind late in 4 th quarter.
SUPERKING_22::Who ever misses the first two shots in the game will be benched immediately except Harden. Mchale's so called rotation plan is who gets hot, who stays in the game except Lin. It happened more than once when Lin played weill, Mchale would let him sit until the team fell behind again then let him in but it was too late.
JLinNASA::Is that why Lin takes only 5 shots a game?  LOL
01.02.2013::Props to Denver and Gallo for the win.  But Rox fans lets face it - It was the TO's, lack of fast break point production, and the lack points in the paint what really killed us.
Gucci Force Four::I think all of that was due to Denver's defense just saying.
washheightsboy3::Great run to win, but most of this game seemed way closer than it should have been.  McGee has come a long way if 'm thinking Denver really needs him back.  Houston was getting points to easliy for most of this game.
DaFan334::Why did ESPNs highlights show Faried's offensive basket interference as though it counted as an Alley oop? Do these guys even watch any of the games? Missed a chance to show some nice baskets by Gallo.
Jeremy Lin Superstar::Lin is back!  :)
woodylamb::Nuggets played good defense. They deserved the win.
IamUnaffiliated::Did you watch the first three quarters?  Denver consistently allowed easy baskets in the paint.   I would not consider "holding" a team to 110 points a good defensive effort.
Dawan208::Yea, but the rockets had them on their toes!  If we didn't have all those turnovers we would of won, that's how we loose most games.  Rockets gave this game away with a nice bow on top!!!!!!
Bill.Saskatchewan::Gave away? Better team won last night...once the refs got off hardens dick
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Mchale, you keep misleading the media by saying " Oh, Lin will be fine, he still young, and a lot of things to learn " from those his poor starts. But when you decide to put Lin in the deep corner to shoot 3 instead of letting him be a PG, how can he run the team and get his momentum going. Some player like Lin when he get his rhythms , he can be explosive. Those 7 games slide you still misleading the media by saying" players are in a funk", I think the only person in a funk is you Mchale, you just afraid to using Lin more often for not letting him take away Harden' pride. I am not comparing Lin and Harden, they both important to the team and same as other players. Lin score 38 pts vs spurs without Harden to keep the team stay close to the #1 team, but instead of encourage him, Mchale blame Lin not using the pick and roll at the last possession. If it's Harden, he won't say anything. You have to treat everybody equally. Coach have to examine themselves carefully before criticizing your players. Why not letting Lin use a screen and dribble into the paint area to draw defense player with him, that's not only creating his own shot but also get more spacing for other player. Harden's drive need more room to do it, when Lin opens up the space, you can easily drawing the foul or score. If Harden keep using his ISO style to go through heavy traffic or double team, eventually he will get a lot of turnovers without the call by referee.   Once again, it's not Harden fault, Mchale has to let him know which is the best way to help the team, not only given the smile face to Harden only.
QNoir::With the ball in his hands, Harden was specifically in a position to contribute to those turnovers. 7 for Harden. 3 fewer could have meant a game won (if Rockets score, and Nuggets don't).
Dezagcoog::I'm not sure where your problem was with lin. We lost the game cause of turnovers. Scoring 110 points shows that it would not have made a difference if lin was used differently.
Dawan208::Well put!!!
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Nice win, Nuggets.  Keep winning.
diehardnr1::Not getting the whole racist against Asians thing.... I read back quite a ways and all I see is redbul (123abc4556...) ranting about racists posts...but have yet to find such a post.  I guess when you run your mouth all day before the game...and then your team is exposed in the 4th Qtr...you gotta find something else to talk about...glad we do not play these guys for awhile...  As far as Lin goes....I think he is over hyped...no matter what heritage he has....a good, solid PG but nowhere near the talent level that he is being payed or hyped for.   Hey did you hear the one  about the Asian guy who  couldn't beat the Nuggets...
Dezagcoog::It is just one guy, and that guy has like 50 screennames and comes on here to rile the LOF especially redbul and dawan.  Then redbul and Dawan bomb the boards and upset everyone. They're idiots.
Derplodymous Maximus::its called mod deletion, idiot
diehardnr1::uh...Ithink it is just the one guy...who has yet to be deleted...idiot (you and him)
diehardnr1::okay...found Me Jeremy Lin Me Eat....  yeah...not much class there.... At least the punchline to my joke is funnier...
Young_Guruu::btw... Gallo has been playing pretty great defense as of late. 4 blocks tonight only tells half the story.
diehardnr1::yeah, I am really liking the overall team D attitude.  If these guys can develop a little "nastiness" they will be a tough out for anybody...
diehardnr1::GG HOU...too bad they make you play four quarters in DEN. These "mountain" games are a little  tougher when the home team  shoots back, eh? 6-0 streak vs HOU....will you all PLEASE shut up now.  Surprise Surprise...no 123abc456whatever here...unless redbulecstacy is his alter ego...I was a little late, watched the Lakers implode before coming here, but checked back 3 hours and, as expected, MR CAPS did not show...kinda like the Rockettes in the 4th Qtr...  Kind of a frustrating game that Andre Miller and Gallo bailed the Nuggets out late in.  Good to get clutch shooting from Gallo, especially with Ty having an off night for 3 Qtrs.  So much for  the EuroTowers...until these guys can develop hands they will never reach the next level. Still  hope we can keep all 3 7footers....but Moz may push for a trade---hopefully Karl lobbies to keep him as a solid  reserve in case of injury.  Gallo, Ty, Brewer, and Chandler are starting to fill the 3pt need and the little guys are starting to make FTs...so why mess with chemistry with a trade?  Kudos to the coaches for the adjustments when HOU started getting tired.  All in  all a real team effort with  Gallo and Ty coming up big in crunch time.  Bring on the Hornets!  GO  NUGGETS!!!
Dezagcoog::Then maybe you should calm down and not talk down to "all" of us....dolt.
diehardnr1::the you all was really directed at the trolls...sorry to offend any real Rockets fans....hakeem, Floyd and Yao are some of my favorite players...
nirvanarox67::Ive been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. Ive made around $3000 each month now since I began following its picks. You can learn more about this system by searching google for sports betting systems
Derplodymous Maximus::die irl
Dezagcoog::6 guys in double digits and we lose??? WTF. OHHH yeah 21 turnovers....awesome...If this team ever learns to hold on to the ball every team will be afraid to play them.
Dezagcoog::we're at 16.6 turnovers per game. that's .8 more than the next person, and from then on down it's mostly a couple of tenths to the next team....
jayeteee::Most Rockets fans were blaming McHale, and the rest were split on it being Harden's and Lin's fault.
jayeteee::Late.
jayeteee::Denver could come down to earth, but the funny thing is as good as they've been playing, I don't feel they've played all that well, just really good down the stretch in games, sans a couple games they almost lost. So if they could get better, I don't know, we'll just have to wait and see.
Dezagcoog::Night dude, good talk. Ignore the crazy LOF and that guy with 50 screen names who comes to rile them up all the time. I'm very surprised at how well your team was able to bounce back after the giant shake up with your players. Still competitive and just a couple of pieces from contending.
Dezagcoog::I agree and hope you're right. Just wish we didn't have to face one of the top three in the first round lol.
jayeteee::Yeah, I didn't mean for it to come out that way 'cause you should always strive to catch the ones ahead of you. I just meant you've got the 8th seed worst case scenario.
Dezagcoog::LOL ESPN does say that...they are ridiculous.  Its not about being afraid of teams below us, its just that EVERY game we lose is cause of turnovers...its ridiculous
jayeteee::I don't think there's a team below you to fear. If there was, I'd say Portland or Dallas, but they're both pretty weak. Now if I was ESPN, I'd say look out for the Lakers, but they really are the biggest joke.
Dezagcoog::I'm telling you, if we miss the playoffs it will be because of turnovers...
Dezagcoog::well there's the game then.
jayeteee::Unfortunately, not against Denver, we have a lot of empty possessions. I'll give you half(7). :-P
Dezagcoog::Yeah he had a good game elsewhere but 7 turnovers is ridiculous....that's basically 14 points he gave up.
jayeteee::He(Asik) still was a force to be reckoned w/. What, 18 rebounds. The Nuggets were really spread out in that dept. It was a good game though, Denver wore 'em down in the end.
Dezagcoog::Usually those are the two to blame for the turnovers but Asik decided he didn't want to be left out of the turnover party and had SEVEN tonight....WTF he usually doesn't turn it over...
Young_Guruu::you also need a deeper bench... then you're talking.
diehardnr1::this reminds me of Nuggets a few years back...just want  to say Thank You to Melo again...best divorce EVER
Dezagcoog::I can agree to some degree. But these guys are young, they don't need to rest. TO's have been our achillies heel all year. BUT yeah, we definitely need a bit more depth on the bench.
Young_Guruu::nuggets rolling baby. bout to win 53253242 straight...
jayeteee::I was about to correct you. LOL. I could only wish they could put a string like that together.
Young_Guruu::Sorry, I mean 53253249 straight.
huskers0717::Oh man is it snowing up here in Wyo.
RELIGION IS BULLSHI.T::This will be flagged.
RELIGION IS BULLSHI.T::I'd like to take a moment of your day and talk about The Lord Jesus Christ.
salamanderNT::And you thought this was worth saying?  LOL, you guys crack me up, in a sad way.
rEdBuLxTaSy::LOF HATERS THINK BY CONTINUING THEIR RACIAL JEERS AND TAUNTS, IT WOULD RILE UP THE LIN FANS BUT IT'S LITERALLY THE OPPOSITE.  WE SIMPLY TAKE NOTHING BUT PLEASURE IN EXPOSING THEIR IGNORANCE LOL;):):)
Dezagcoog::You are a truly sad human being. I had to take a 2 week vacation from you LOF and lo and behold I come back and it's the same exact losers acting in the same exact childish ways they have been for months....get a life already.
rEdBuLxTaSy::HAHA I CAN SEE THAT AND TO MY ASTONISHMENT, YOU HAVEN'T REALLY CHANGE EITHER LOL:):):)
Dezagcoog::I was obviously talking about/to you...
rEdBuLxTaSy::WELCOME TO ESPN, HOME OF THE RACIST TROLLS. HAHA THOUGHT YOU KNEW BETTER :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::OH IM A FAN OF THE GAME, THAT'S FOR SURE.  ON THE OTHER HAND, IT'S MY PLEASURE TO COME HERE AND EXPOSE THE RACIST TROLLS FOR WHAT THEY ARE ---&gt;  IGNORANT BUMS;):):)
jayeteee::"I'm sooo coooonfused!!!!!!!!"  -Vinnie Barbarino
Dezagcoog::@jayeteee  was he directing that question to me? cause I was talking to you not him...
rEdBuLxTaSy::SO ACCORDING TO YOU, THAT WOULD LITERALLY MEAN jay/deza ARE TROLLS AS WELL?  RESPONDING TO A TROLL?:):):)
Dezagcoog::@jayeteee  That is how it always is with him...he's a troll. He only responds to the other troll to troll him and bomb the board.
rEdBuLxTaSy::NO MATTER WHAT PEOPLE SAY, HATERS GONA HATE:):):)
jayeteee::You don't seem to hear me. Okay I'll buy that, but for some reason you're pretending to make up my mind for me. Have a good night, I apologize for responding to you, but only because we're still in the same circumstance we were over an hour ago.
rEdBuLxTaSy::PERHAPS IF YOU LIKE OTHERS, STOP BEING SELECTIVE AND HOLD EVERYBODY TO THE SAME STANDARDS, PEOPLE WOULD ACTUALLY RESPECT AND TAKE YOU MORE SERIOUSLY.  BUT NO, "LOFs" ARE YOUR PRIMARY CONCERN AND AS IF LOF HATERS ARE ANY BETTER LOL:):):)
jayeteee::@rEdBul  You're right, I'm not a Lin fan, doesn't mean I hate him, but I also don't pretend to be a crusader in an internet chat room. Just because I choose to ignore an obviously troubled individual(posters that make racist remarks), doesn't make me ignorant, it makes me someone much smarter than they. I'm amazed that Lin fans don't turn the other cheek, 'cause, unlike you, that's what Jeremy Lin would do.
Dezagcoog::@jayeteee   The LOF have been doing it for months. and the haters are all different screen names from this ONE guy that they always respond to...
rEdBuLxTaSy::AGAIN IF YOUR MEMORY DID YOU ANY JUSTICE, IT'S CLEAR YOU'RE BEING SELECTIVE AND IGNORANT OF THE FACTS.  BEING A FANATIC OR NOT IS IRRELEVANT.  JUST BECAUSE YOU FIND THE LIN FANS TO BE ANNOYING, DOESN'T EXCUSE THE RACIST LOF HATERS FROM GETTING A PASS.  YOUR IGNORANCE OF THE FACTS, SHOWN YOU'RE JUST BIASED AGAINST LIN FANS IN PARTICULAR, REGARDLESS OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES.  THE REAL PITY IN ALL OF THIS IS WE CAN'T HAVE A NORMAL CONVERSATION, WITHOUT HAVING TO RESORT TO RACIAL JEERS/TAUNTS FROM THE LOF HATERS.  AND YOU LIKE MANY OTHERS, FIND IT COMICAL AND ACCEPTABLE, WHICH IS EVEN MORE PITIFUL;):):)
jayeteee::Wrong again, rEdBul, I was on here hoping to talk some basketball w/ real basketball people, not a bunch of fanatics that cling to some pseudo ideology for one player. I'm glad the Nuggets won and was hoping to talk to some real Nuggets fans, but it seems the Lin fanatics and haters have taken over. That's the real pity of this whole board.
rEdBuLxTaSy::HE'S STILL HERE BECAUSE HE CAN'T SEEM TO UNDERSTAND MY FASCINATION WITH RACIST TROLLS AND THEIR ENTOURAGE:):):)
jayeteee::That's really none of your business.
salamanderNT::No, I'm offended by the racists.  I think pointing that out is not a waste of my time.  Plus, I'll be gone very soon, I have work tomorrow.  Why are you still here?
jayeteee::But yet you're doing the same thing, salamander. Hypocrite much?
rEdBuLxTaSy::IF YOU CAN'T ANSWER YOUR OWN QUESTION, THEN DO NOT EVEN BOTHER ASKING IN THE FIRST PLACE:):):)
salamanderNT::I'm fascinated with your need to argue with someone on the net about nothing of consequence.  You guys aren't even talking bball.  Why waste your time?
jayeteee::@salamander  What's your fascination w/ me?
rEdBuLxTaSy::NAW I'M NOT A HERO BY ANY MEANS.  JUST AN HONEST SELF DESERVING HUMAN BEING, THAT'S ALL:):):)
salamanderNT::What's your fascination with this guy?
jayeteee::So do you wear a cape 'cause you think of yourself as some kind of super hero?
jayeteee::What is your infatuation w/ Jeremy Lin, 'cause you're obviously not a fan of the game?
Me Jeremy Lin Me Eat Dog::I would like to apologize to all the Asians I have offended tonight. It's not your fault that you like a garbage player in Jeremy Lin. It's not your fault that you can be blind folded with dental floss. It's not your fault that you like to eat dogs and rodents. I am truly sorry for your innate conditions.
salamanderNT::The scary thing is, if you're an adult.  Yikes!  I assume you're just an annoying teenager, who doesn't have too many friends.  How could you, spending all your time on these boards.
salamanderNT::I always feel sad for adult dummies.  They never figured out simple things, like being nice to others, it'll get you farther in life.
rEdBuLxTaSy::YOU COULD TELL HE'S A VERY LONELY PERSON WITH LITTLE OR NO SELF ESTEEM.   SAD, SAD, SAD :):):)
Dawan208::Or maybe he a grown re.tar.ded adult.  Seems like it!!!
salamanderNT::Oh man, I wish I knew how poorly your parents raised you, so I can at least make sense of your nonsense.
RELIGION IS BULLSHI.T::lol
69durango::What is an LOF?
jayeteee::Lube, Oil, and Filter.
salamanderNT::Lin Only Fan
salamanderNT::I agree.
69durango::thank you. I grew up around this kind of hate.  It's ignorance, jealousy and self hate based. GO NUGGETS
Jeremy - Chink In The Armor - Lin::Lets bring back Internment camps. This time, every $@%!$ must go.
salamanderNT::This guy probably thinks slavery was a good thing.  He would do well as a plantation owner in the south, out of place in the 21st century.
Jeremy - Chink In The Armor - Lin::William Hung is my favorite $@%!$.
salamanderNT::This dumba$$ strikes again.  How dull.
Dawan208::Ignore
Terransboy::Guys, I have to tell you that seeing those racist's comments and the replies underneath them makes me feel good: I see how many people are willing to stand up against racialism. I am a chinese person and I studied my university in the U.S. I know that most U.S people are good people. I really feel sorry for those racists because they are the true losers. Being so narrow and shallow inside such open minded society, what a pitty!
salamanderNT::Racists spend a lot of energy on something pointless (really, where does racism get you?).  It's a lot of wasted energy for them.  The ironic thing is, racists probably have more life issues than the average person, yet instead of improving their own situation, waste their time being di¢ks.
rEdBuLxTaSy::WELL SAID!!!  THESE SCUMBAGS CAN'T DO ANYTHING PRODUCTIVE IN THE REAL WORLD SO THEY COME HERE TO VENT THEIR ANGER AND FRUSTRATION AT OTHERS, HOPING IT WOULD EASE THE PAIN, ONLY TO FAIL MISERABLY;):):)
ozi0628::Anytime, these racists are the scum of the US, we are just trying to show you that we aren't all white trash, and the fact that Jeremy Lin is Asian American shouldn't mean anything.
Me Jeremy Lin Me Eat Dog::I would have to say that the c.hink in Jeremy's Lin's armor is that he cannot get his turnovers under control. After he improves his ball handling (and stops eating rodents) he can be an elite NBA point guard.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Lin's 3.1 turnover a game in compare to those elite point guard like Rondo with 3.8, Jrue Holliday 3.9, James Harden4.0, Kobe 3.5 even Steve Nash has 2.9 turnover a game. With Lin play with this high tempo game, 3 turnover is not bad at all. Don't fool people by keep saying Lin is turnover machine. Fix your brain first!
Dawan208::Just ignore this guy.  He is a low life.  Most Americans don't think like this!!!!
salamanderNT::Jeremy Lin has a contract for $25 million dollars.  You are a strange guy, who spends a lot of his free time trying to be racist, and offend a lot of people.  You shouldn't be critical of Jeremy Lin, you need to fix your life, you know it's messed up.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Mchale, use your brain, Lin is the only key player in the team, he can make everybody better including Harden, if you let Lin control the game, Harden's turnovers will reduce dramatically and still can score 20+ points. Houston never be an elite team until you fully trust Lin. Double team to Harden= Harden's turnover, Last year when every team double team Lin, he still make play to his teammates. Mchale has to fix his brain right now, can't always blame your player making tones of turnovers, when you take away Lin's PG role, it will cause everybody to make the turnover. Do the math, Harden take away Lin's PG role while Lin still manage 6 assist 2steal 3.8 rebound o.5 blocks with 12pts a game. Remember a lot of Lin's assist become turnover due to Asik butter hand, and seldom get assist from Harden cause his one one one style. Imagine if Lin is in nets with Lopez and shooter like Johnson especially coach let D Will be the only PG in the team, how many assists he can get?   I am not taking away Mchale's effort to let Houston be a fast running team, but at least you have to know who is the main guy to start with. Bench Lin will never solve Houston's problem, let Lin be the only turnover guy and others be in the catch and shoot position. 7 losing streak because you put Lin on the SG instead of PG then making excuse of saying too many back to back games, player are in a funk. Then why you ask your player to watch the film to find themselves. You just dare not to admit your own coaching problem. It's all chain reaction, if you put Lin on the wrong spot, everybody stats will drop dramatically including Harden.Bad turnovers and bad defense will occurs cause you let Harden to play one on one basketball, team is not running instead just watching Harden make his play, team chemistry get totally destroy. You have to let all player involve, then they will happily and be more aggressive to do their defense job. From your eyes, Harden is the only guy you trust and appreciate, remember team win is not always belong to Harden's. He is a great player and scoring machine and fun to watch if he play unselfishly. But again, today when team is trailing, he once again starting his one on one stupid move, cause bunch of turnovers and most importantly the team lose.   Melo, Kobe they all the scoring  machine, does they make the team better? Who always look at stats then judge player good or bad are those who doesn't understand basketball. i like Harden and just don't want him become another Kobe or Melo.   Remember the previous three game winning streak by Houston, there is a lot of pick and roll and screen for Lin. It is the only missing part for those 7 game losing streak if you check the video. Stating with Lin then Harden and other players will be the only way for Houston to make the playoff possible this year.  " Mchale " you fail to coach this team
Dawan208::Good point!
Terransboy::Mchale want Lin perform badly so that he could prove himself right and wise: the guy I fired was for some reasons man, don't you question my decesion.
Dawan208::I thought that too.  That's why he put TD out there.  He's hoping he can do good so it can be a excuse to keep Lin on the bench?
Me Jeremy Lin Me Eat Dog::Jeremy Lin does have potential to get better. He just needs to change up his diet. Stop eating the rodents you catch in the rat traps.
Jason Stone Lee::So your parents became rodents now, I thought they are dogs hours ago.
rEdBuLxTaSy::I BET HE GETS PUSH AROUND ALOT IN REAL LIFE LOLOLOL!!!  HE MUST FELT LIKE A WARRIOR ON THE NET LOL;):):)
salamanderNT::Being an a$$ is no way to live your life dude.
Dawan208::Yawn.   That one is lame!!!!
Jeremy - Chink In The Armor - Lin:::):):)
Dawan208::Probable 15 years old!!!!!!!
Ryd3rr::Yeah Probable . . .
Jeremy - Chink In The Armor - Lin:::(:):)
Ryd3rr::Dunno why this made me laugh so hard lol
salamanderNT::When people tell you to get a hobby, listen to them.  This is a poor way to use your time, very poor.
ozi0628::Or a girlfriend.
salamanderNT::LOL, these racist trolls never give up.  It's comical.  Account banned, hurriedly registers another, make racist remarks, gets banned again.  You need an X-Box, or better parents.
rEdBuLxTaSy::MOST LOF HATERS HAVE BRAINS THE SIZE OF A PEA.  THEY'RE ANTI-SOCIAL OUTSIDE OF THE NBA;):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::GEE, I GUESS YOUR SOCIOLOGY TEXTBOOK FORGOT TO TELL YOU TO "GO OUTSIDE ONCE IN A WHILE AND TAKE A STROLL IN THE PARK":):):)
ozi0628::Correct, check your sociology textbook.
rEdBuLxTaSy::IT IS PROVEN? GEE, YOU REALLY ARE A GENUIS LOL?!  YIKES!!! ;):):)  P.S. NEXT THING WE KNOW, YOU'RE EINSTEIN RELOAD 2.0 ;)
ozi0628::It is proven that computer users that use caps lock to show their emotions are just using caps lock to hide their immaturity and lack of common intelligence. I'm just saying that you now look like a fool. I would watch what you say next, first impressions are everything these days.
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND?:):):)
ozi0628::You left your caps lock on.
rEdBuLxTaSy::LMAO WHAT'S WITH THE BEEF?  I ACTUALLY HAVE A VERY HEALTHY LIFESTYLE OUTSIDE OF AN ESPN BOARD.  HOWEVER I TAKE IT AS A PLEASURE WHEN ENTERTAINING THE RACIST TROLLS ON EPSN.  I BET YOU MUST BE THE LONELY ONE?;):):)
ozi0628::Like you are in life? You hide your true feelings by being a racist on an ESPN board. What you really are is a lonely, lonely man who desperately wants that first kiss, but every time you try, you ejaculate early and therefore can't go through with the kiss.
Sh-it nobody says::Lin fans have such a high basketball I.Q.
ozi0628::At least they are watching the sport, which was seeing low numbers year after year until Linsanity. Are no fans better than fans without a lot of knowledge? Even your dumb brain can't say yes to that.
Me Jeremy Lin Me Eat Dog::The Rockets only paid Lin all that money because they felt sorry for his family. With the money he's making he can finally get them out of that Chinese sweat shop where they make my Nike shoes. Thanks Su Yung. Keep on working hard with your flat booty.
luckywin7::ahh man you again fcker well be ready to defend yourself lol and i going have a good sleep right now bye
rEdBuLxTaSy::YOU MAD BRO?  CAN'T BLAME THEM WHEN MOST AMERICANS WANT EVERYTHING CHEAP...THAT'S WHY WALMART IS #1 RETAIL CHAIN IN AMERICA.
salamanderNT::Jeremy Lin went to the most prestigious university in the U.S.  I'm sure he would be OK without basketball.  Where are you in life?  Oh yeah, on this board, being a racist.
NewcastleFanVL::Omitofoo...
ozi0628::Parents are from Taiwan and he was born in California. Try again virgin.
teddy.forsythe::People are racist against Lin because he is a bad driver
ozi0628::Doubtful, I have a full IQ, unlike you.
ozi0628::You can't use the same insult after I ruined it, do you know anything?
teddy.forsythe::pretty tough to have a full IQ considering your parents were siblings
teddy.forsythe::.
ozi0628::Virgin alert.
teddy.forsythe::You count like's on your comments, f*ck your life is depressing.
ozi0628::Constantly? Just once, you've brought it up twice. And cussing at me will get you nowhere, I have won this. You are just mad that your silly racist comment got 1 like, most likely your own, and my reply is at 6. Try again another game, you might get 2 likes.
teddy.forsythe::Never played warcraft, but yet you bring it up constantly you uneducated b|tch.
ozi0628::Is is an obsession or am I just literate in todays society. I have never played World of Warcraft, but I know the people who do, and a lonely virgin like you fits the bill. Can I have a real challenge or are you the best monkey they could find?
teddy.forsythe::I like how you bring up warcraft, clearly an obsession of your's f-a-g-g-o-t
ozi0628::Oh, I'm sorry, are we 12? I didn't know "yo mamma" jokes were cool again? And liking your own comments? I bet you have many friends on World of Warcraft, maybe a fake girlfriends too. Go watch Disney Channel scrub.
teddy.forsythe::Your mom solved that
NewcastleFanVL::lol
rEdBuLxTaSy::jayeteee - "If you don't praise Jeremy Lin, you must be a racist."  Lin lover's logic.  *Now I know why so many people got fed up w/ Tebow.  THERE'S NOT ONE LIN FAN HERE WHO INSISTED LIN WAS THE SECOND COMING OF JORDAN.  MOST OF THE RESPONSES ARE SIMPLY DIRECT TOWARDS THE RACIST REMARKS COMING FROM ALL THE RACIST LOF HATERS.   BUT AS USUAL, THE RACIST LOF HATERS LOVE TO TWIST $@%! AROUND AND PRETEND OTHERWISE.  ONE WORD ---&gt;  EXPOSED LMAO!!!! :):):)
jayeteee::I'd like to know what I'm exposed as? If you mean not a Jeremy Lin fan, then guilty as charged.
5856Rach::Can you imagine how good a job JEREMY LIN does in coping with racism all his basketball life ?  He ignores it. and just  keeps on playing better and better basketball.  Learn it from Lin..
salamanderNT::I don't think racism should be ignored.  It's poor behavior, and shows nothing but stupidity.  This is a country that had Jim Crow laws, where certain members of our society couldn't use bathrooms designated to only whites.  I am glad people weren't silent then, and I hope they won't be in the future.
NewcastleFanVL::k
rEdBuLxTaSy::"YOU CAN BASH THE LIN FANS BECAUSE THEY ARE ANNOYING BUT NOT THE RACIST LOF HATERS BECAUSE THEY TEND TO THINK LIKE WE DO"  ~~ RACIST LOF HATERS :):):)
Dawan208::People are racist against Lin because he is Asian . Nothing else!
ozi0628::You trolls never hated on Yao Ming or Yi Jianlin, who are actually from China, yet a California native, Harvard grad, and American is in the NBA you bash him by saying he "eats dog" and make fun of his eyes. Sounds like a whole lot of jealousy to me.
salamanderNT::It's weird.  Jeremy Lin and his fans brings out the racist in a lot of people.
salamanderNT::That would make the most sense.  Either that, or it's a bunch of teens.  Kids are monsters these days.
ozi0628::No, its just a bunch of fat, jealous men who have nothing better to do than hate on a successful young man because their lives are so terrible that hiding behind a computer and being racist is their version of getting laid, because they know they will never get any real action
ozi0628::Jeremy Lin has very good numbers for a PG, and at 23 he can improve. He played out of his mind last year, and even during Linsanity he was at 16ppg and 6 assists, and now he's  around 12 and 5 and you say thats bad. Seems good to me.
.... Slurm soda::Because Yao didn't have moronic fans like Lin does.
.... Slurm soda::I don't hate Jeremy Lin, I hate his fans. And it's very obvious Lin fans never watched basketball until last year.
ozi0628::At least he has fans, which you have none of. Most of his fans never watched basketball before, and are their favorite players because he introduced them to the game. So shut up
salamanderNT::The Laker and Heat fans are calling.  I don't see those boards filled with racists?  What's up?
jayeteee::Bazinga!!!!
Me Jeremy Lin Me Eat Dog::Because Yao Ming was actually good.
salamanderNT::Rubio has his fans, dude was balling last year.  You only find what you're searching for.  And you're searching for a way to be racist.
.... Slurm soda::Ricky Rubio is coming back from an ACL tear, and people are giving him crap for playing bad. Most of the reason Lin gets hated on is because of his fans, it's as simple as that.
Me Jeremy Lin Me Eat Dog::Does Ricky Rubio have a cult following? No.
salamanderNT::Ricky Rubio is playing like $hit, are you giving out some of your over-abundance of racism to him?
luckywin7::yao ming dont like you man cuz they were both friend
Terransboy::I don't see why Lin is not good. Playing in the league with 191cm should win some respect.
kkroeck3::Nuggets aren't going to be fun to deal with come playoff time, they can hang with anybody in the west.
