Nick Nordstrom::It's time for the Pistons organization to admit the Smith/Monroe/Drummond front-court cluster f*** won't work.
Mark Mattson::it would work very well if they had a decent PG and a SG that could actually shoot
Mark Mattson::Joe Greene - the few games that jennings was getting the ball into the middle the pistons were playing great.  beat the pacers and heat with that style.  the problem is jennings will always revert back to his old self.
Chris Smith::Why was Beal even in the game with 4 mins left? Whittman has to go
Frank Kim::Only saw parts of the game, the hot start, but yea another dud of a performance after an extended layoff, last time Whitt blamed a lack of leadership allowing a loss to the lowly Bucks after the layoff (who went on to lose the next like 5 out of 7 games of course), but this is on the HC losses after layoffs.
Eric Jvon Thomas::So proud of my team tonight
Frank Kim::Huge game for my Zards, 3rd spot in the East up for grabs esp now Horford out prob for rest of the season, Beal's injury notwithstanding Zards good enough to be in that 3 seed.
Aaron Cohen::The Wizards look great tonight. Makes up for last nights poor effort. IF and that's a BIG IF we stay healthy this year we could challenge for the #3 seed the East is so bad.
Jonathan Hale::Win the wizards win the NBA championship I will teach you guys how to dougie like john wall
Mark Mattson::that means we will never get the lesson.
Chris Wojciechowski::Pistons on their SIXTH BACK TO BACK this month, no wonder they look tired defensively. The NBA has run them ragged this month, turning a team that was gelling in early December and consistently forcing turnovers defensively to invigorate an offense that is stagnant in slowed-down half court sets... into a team that can't quite keep up defensively, and looks like a set of turnstiles placed at strategic locations.  Hopefully this means the team is able to rest in the latter portion of the season. But with a group that has had to learn on the fly to play together, this could easily poison team chemistry. Six of their first seven games in January are part of back-to-backs as well... after that only four back-to-backs in the next two months.
Timothy J. Casey::I said it before the year started and I will say it again. If you're leaders on the floor are Brandon Jennings and Josh Smith, you are destined for mediocrity. We'll probably go on a winning streak soon, get one game away from .500 and then drop like 4 in a row.
Brian Lawson::Balanced attack from Wizards. If they can continue to out rebound and get more assist than their opponent the Wiz will be okay.
Steve Broome::Brandon Jennings should stop shooting the basketball. And dribbling.
William Soto::What an embarrassment the Pistons have become in just a few days.... And to think they were a playoff team.
Harvey Heeres::They were?
Mark Mattson::where are the jennings defenders tonight?  lmao.  4-13 with 7 turnovers.
Jacob Fitzgerald::why didn't Josh Smith play any minutes?
Harvey Heeres::Because he's a bum.
Brian Lawson::Get over .500
