jakec213::Portland shoots 54.5 percent from 3, makes 12 threes, has a 14 point lead, and manages to lose. Jazz attack the paint= Jazz win
jakec213::Who else went crazy when Tinsley picked the pocket and dished to Millsap for the dunk!? So sick!!
jakec213::That is exactly what I said to my brother!! Hahaha
amariotti@gmail.com::That was the bomb! Tinsley for President!
manymarks::the trail tankers are finished for good now.
BYUsux45::Interesting line up last night for the Jazz.  Three bigs, Hayward and a PG.  I liked it and it did a lot of damage against Portland.  Paul as a 3 should be looked at by Corbin a bit more.
2noodlekaboodle::I agree, with 75% of the 3's in the league the mismatch Paul creates on the offensive end negates what he loses on D. Ya know, unless it's Lebron, D-wade, Durant or Kobe. Those guys are too fast for Millsap.
7BAUGHLLIN7::2 of those guys dont often play the 3 tho.. If ever... Who in this league can gaurd them by themselves? Its always ateam defensive effort against those guys...
kaptinkangaroo::I don't understand why we haven't done this more. It's a great line-up for us. Paul can play with most any 3's in the league. It gives us so much length it's ridiculous.
phunky58::Portland has way too much talent to miss the playoffs. something is really wrong up there and needs to be fixed its a shame
B.I.G_Mike10::Yeah Oden really helped the blazers the one season combined that he played for them.
JAHQUAN3::You really think they have too much talent to miss the playoffs? I think its can go either way they really only have 1 great player the rest are decent but nothing off the charts. If Oden and Roy were still there then you'd be a lock.
kingjimmer32swish::they beat the beep out of portland
kingjimmer32swish::go jazz
peeks_7::i sure am glad that the jazz let go of wes matthews and signed CJ! great move
B.I.G_Mike10::The jazz could have sighned wes for what ever they wanted.  they waited cuz they wanted to get him for dirt cheap portland jumped at the opertunity to pick up the player that had started the most games as a rookie in jazz history and the jazz just sat there and watched a great player walk.
amariotti@gmail.com::The price for Matthews was too high. The Jazz pulled away with a big win with that deal. Move on...
Darkflame07::Matthews offer sheet was way too overpriced. This was a once a season type game for wes, he averages 40% overall from the floor.
BarkBarkForPig::Burks will be better than Matthews
kingjimmer32swish::shut up you beep
Logicalfan1::Good Job Portland! Increase the draft stock! nicely done!
NashvilleBulldog28::Hayward seems to be working out!  But zero assists?  SG needs to have more than 0.
BarkBarkForPig::that's weird, he's usually leading the team or close
Darkflame07::I wonder wich jazz players the blazers will throw absurdley large contracts at next? They can't draft worth a $@%! and cant hang on to a gm for more than two years so they have to buy players from everyone else lol.
B.I.G_Mike10::Well HAYWARD not haywood, has really suprised me, kanter is a beast!  He is averaging more bords per 48 minutes then kevin love and burks is a poor mans kobe so take your pick.
CBass1317::You think out of Burks, Haywood and Kanter, TWO will be all-stars?  Wow.  What kind of rose colored glasses do you have on?  Did the mormons start letting you guys have real liquor?
olwildcory723::Darkflame was talking about Portland, i believe. They just throw giant offers at the Jazz' restricted free agents. It worked in the case of Matthews, it didn't work in the case of Paul Millsap, but the Blazers made 'toxic' offers in both cases. Also, Matthews was undrafted and the Jazz signed him as a free agent. Which is why he was a restricted free agent after just one year.
woodruffhunter::Thats a really smart comment.  Lets see Kevin O'Connor has been there 10+ years.  Paul Milsap, Wes Matthews- 2nd round picks?  Alec Burks, Gordon Haywood, and Enes Kanter??? Still a long ways to go but 2 of the three will be future All Stars..
s_wixom::You forgot that KOC also drafted Dwill and Kris Humphries.  Dwill is a top PG and Humphries is playing really good this year.
CandySparker::Paul Lotta Love!
MBC32AMG350Z::I know the haters are going to say that Utah hasn't won a ring so they suck. But let's look at the broad spectrum. How many teams since 1984 have won rings. 10. Championships are hard to come by. We had our chance, and ran into MJ. But since 1984, we have been the most consistent team in the league. 24 playoff appearances, just 2 losing seasons, none consecutive. The year John and Karl left we were picked dead last. What did we do. Go 42-40. Last year, Deron was traded. Most franchises, after trading a player like that would go in the tank. Not Utah. ESPN and NBA.com picked Utah to finish last in the West. LAST people. But here we are, 28-26, fighting for a playoff spot. This team and coach Ty Corbin, and this franchise deserves a lot of credit. We could be a very dangerous team for years to come. Hats off to Utah for what they are doing.
B.I.G_Mike10::last i checked Michael was part of the bulls team so obviously utah didnt have the better team cuz they lost.
MBC32AMG350Z::Yeah, but Utah had the better team one if not both those years. It's just that MJ was that good,
Logicalfan1::Funny Portland ran into that same guy. Damn him..
GsU -3000-GsU::Good win Jazz! good job Paul #teamwin
tcrisis::Never trade Paul Millsap. Utah rules
CBass1317::Milsap is a dominant "go to" guy.  He will lead you guys deep in the playoffs.  He commands a double team in the post and other teams fear him in a series.  Oh wait ... none of that is true.  But he is nice and apparently does not hate living in Utah, which is unique.  So yeah, keep him at all costs.
olwildcory723::Jefferson. Basketball reasons.
woodruffhunter::Not me!  Jefferson maybe
Darkflame07::Yeah are there still any of those idiot jazz fans out there that want to trade millsap for a wing player?
B.I.G_Mike10::i would trade him wile he still has value because lets face it he is not the future of this team but favors, burks, hayward, and kanter are.  I like him and he is a great player but he is undersized and a tweener he isnt big enough to play the four and he isnt quick enough to pay the three.
PTSup20::Does anyone know the timetable of devin harris? Is he gonna play against phoenix?
amariotti@gmail.com::Harris has done well, yes. Watson has been slow going. He had his time early in the season, but his "bulldog" title has slipped away given his latest injuries. He's not playing as tough and can't make shots, period. Tinsley is "calm and collected" (as Bollerjack states often) and that's what we need. Last night was a great example of what we need at the end of games. Great hustle plays, and smart executions!
s_wixom::ghettoslider must have not been watching the same last couple games i have.. Harris has played awesome this month
ghettoslider::why is harris smarter??  harris has never played hard and never lived up to his potential and is constantly getting hurt b/c he is out of shape.. if thats smart then i guess you are right..as far as strictly defense goes, watson would defend nash way better than harris.. maybe harris would make nash work harder on defense since he's a better scorer but thats about it
ghettoslider::harris is def. the worst defender out of the three jazz pg's.. he's prob the most talented offensively out of the three but he's for sure the worst defender
s_wixom::Harris is a better defender than Tinsley.
Iamtheone0594::Harris is a lot smarter.  Nash beats people with his overall knowledge not his athletic skills.  That is why I would prefer to have Harris for that game.  Harris can also put more pressure on Nash on the defensive end of the floor so he is not running around looking for steals all night.
Iamtheone0594::The Suns are playing pretty good ball right now and think they can sneak into the playoffs.   Be nice to have Harris on Nash for that game.
ghettoslider::not sure but i think we'll be fine w/ watson and tinsley for now.. harris is soooo injury prone
scow79::Holy $@%!!   I just heard Brittany Griner talk.    I thought it was a dude talking and then I looked up and threw up in my mouth a little bit.
tcrisis::Brittney Griner's voice + Anthony Davis' unibrown = [          ] someone fill the blank because I can't think of something awful enough... maybe something along the lines of Snooki's child
ghettoslider::yeah it is a little sickining.. im gonna have nightmares about her talking to me when i fall asleep.. i wonder if she could hang in the nba,, maybe for a minute but i doubt it
scow79::The Jazz record of 95 games without losing back to back games is still safe.   lol   Just saw that the Bulls lost their second straight tonight.
ghettoslider::yeah i saw that on espn too.. pretty random.. im gonna start telling people that stat when they say we havent won a championship.. Lol
ghettoslider::from wiki:  Kevin O'Connor is the current General Manager and Senior Vice President of Basketball Operations of the Utah Jazz. He took part in the drafting of Deron Williams in the 2005 Draft.[1] He is said to have learned how to develop character profiles in players from Frank Layden, his predecessor at General Manager.[2]
ghettoslider::yeah i just googled kevin o conner and put it together form there.. i guess i prob have too much time on my hands - Lol
ghettoslider::i think KOC took over in 1999 or 2000
scow79::Nice thanks.    Like I said earlier, I was just wondering if KOC could have surrounded Stockton/Malone with a better team than Frank Layden did, if he had been the GM back then.
scow79::You're internet skills appear to be vastly superior to mine.
ghettoslider::look what else it say about frank layden on wiki:  Layden is remembered for once trying to start a non NBA player for the second half of a game, after the non NBA player hit a half court shot during the half time of the game.
MBC32AMG350Z::Yep, that was typical Frank Layden trying to get us to be a winning team. But once we won in 1984, our first winning season, we have had just 2 losing seasons since. Layden was a great coach.
scow79::Yeah I saw that as well.   lol
PASS__THA__SWISHA::lol
Doc Emmett L Brown::HAHA Awesome.
PTSup20::Burks&gt;matthews
PTSup20::Change your name to rape_city cause that's what millsap did to you
tcrisis::Hahaha that was a good one
Rip_City27::Good one
Rip_City27::April fools is on the 1st dude
Doc Emmett L Brown::Right now, not yet. But his upside is waaaay higher.
olwildcory723::I Agree. Love Burks upside, but Matthews had 33 points on 12 shots. Hit 10 of 12. Hit like 4/5 threes or something. Haven't seen Burks do that yet.
PTSup20::Burks is the only one that could possibly replace the void of losing wessywes
Doc Emmett L Brown::Plus, Utah is better at developing players better. I mean, they turned an undrafted nobody into Mathews.
scow79::Who was the GM during the Stockton/Malone years?     Anybody know?
MBC32AMG350Z::The GM was Scott Layden, then O'Connor. Frank was coach, then president.
ghettoslider::thats cool you met him.. he always made me laugh.. had a good sense of humor
scow79::He stopped coaching in 1988 and became the GM.   Doesn't say when he quit though.   I'm guessing KOC took over when he retired.     I was just wondering if KOC would have built a better team around Stockton and Malone had he been the Jazz GM back then.   I'm saying yes.
ghettoslider::look what it says on Wikipedia (seriously needs to be updated):   Frank Layden   Born  January 5, 1932 (age 80)  Brooklyn, New York, U.S.   Occupation  NCAA collegiate and NBA coach and General Manager   Years active:  1956-1988 as coach, 1978-present as Utah Jazz team president and GM
Doc Emmett L Brown::He's one of the coolest guys I ever met back when I lived in Utah.
scow79::Fine....I'll google it myself.   lol
scow79::Nice
Doc Emmett L Brown::I'd do it, but I have this window up, plus boo.bs on another and Celebrity Apprentice from Sunday on the TV
ghettoslider::just a guess.. i wasnt sure
Doc Emmett L Brown::It was Frank Layden for a long while in the 80s. Not sure when he stepped down.
ghettoslider::frank layden
dmcmorris08::I think it might have been whoever that guy is in your profile pic, he looks like a man who knows what he is doing!
scow79::No that's the team president of Portland's 70's championship team.
scow79::Lies...
Doc Emmett L Brown::Caught me.
Doc Emmett L Brown::I was.
Rip_City27::Yall had Stockton and Malone and you still couldnt win at least one championship?? Fail
dmcmorris08::Yeah, im not sure if that makes sense, but its gettin late haha
scow79::They also played in an era with a guy named Jordan.    He didn't have quite the career Sam Bowie had, but he was pretty good.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Once again, twice.... That sounds odd to the ear.
dmcmorris08::Once again, twice!
Rip_City27::Yeah and you only had one opportunity to beat Jordan..
dmcmorris08::Yeah, the Jazz just had bad timing, the freaking Rockets were smart and took their chance the 2 years he was gone
scow79::He sits em up and I knocks em down!!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Three in a row! That's a turkey!
Doc Emmett L Brown::They had Buck Williams and Kevin Duckworth!
dmcmorris08::Ouch, dont go there its still hurts my heart
ghettoslider::im surprised portland didnt try to sign both of them
s_wixom::You dont care who is on our team?  Like you didnt care about wes and milsap?
Doc Emmett L Brown::So you don't care, unless you care. Got it.
Rip_City27::Because Utah is not a rival to us and we could care less what players are on their team unless we want them..
dmcmorris08::Zing!!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Yes, Michael Jordan was really good.
Doc Emmett L Brown::How could we?
scow79::And don't forget about Terry Porter.   lol
Doc Emmett L Brown::And later on, Shaq was.
ghettoslider::at least know youre history if youre gonna troll
dmcmorris08::twice actually
Doc Emmett L Brown::Twice, and Hakeem Olajuwon and Charles Barkley were in the west
Rip_City27::Well you only met him in the finals once.. who was in the western conference??
Rip_City27::Has Utah ever won a championship?? Exactly
ghettoslider::at this point your comments/points are so weak and one-sided youre border line trolling
Rip_City27::Good..
Rip_City27::Just sayin..
scow79::In the ABA.   It's about as valuable as your championship in the 1970's.   No one cares about either of them.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Without the ABA, there would be no 3-point line in the NBA.
Rip_City27::Yeah in the NBA.. The only championships that actually matter
Doc Emmett L Brown::Ron Boone!
scow79::You said it yourself.   A championship is a championship.
Rip_City27::ABA?? HAHAHAHAHAHA now thats hillarious.. a championship is a championship, and dont give me that ABA sh.it
Doc Emmett L Brown::You're on a roll.
scow79::Just sayin...
dmcmorris08::Boooooo, dont go Lakers fan on us
s_wixom::Atleast the Jazz have some glimmer of hope 5 years from now.. in the post kobe era...
Doc Emmett L Brown::At least the Lakers have won recently.
Doc Emmett L Brown::This is what we call the "84 Holiday Bowl" argument.
Rip_City27::What gives Utah fans the right to talk down to us?? I mean really though..
Rip_City27::I honestly dont understand how Utah is any good, but yeah they are better than the Blazers this year.. we'll see about record by the end of the year
scow79::Probably bc Portland was projected to be a playoff team and Utah was projected to finish last in the Western conference.   Now Portland is below us in the standings.
Rip_City27::Okay valid point..
Doc Emmett L Brown::Yeah, what Gervais said.
dmcmorris08::And because we're better than you... and we know it!
dmcmorris08::And we just beat you so we are feeling good about ourselves
dmcmorris08::Sorry man, there are just alot of us and only one of you, haha!
Eric62748::i said $@%!
Eric62748::We will talk down to you anytime we want...you are a freaking $@%! that needs to get a reality check on your blazers...they suck bro. get with it
Rip_City27::So you have no right.. thank you
jessemangelson::The Jazz select CJ Miles.
jessemangelson::Yeah at least he wasn't picked number 1 overall.
scow79::I think he's been worth a 2nd rounder
Doc Emmett L Brown::We call that an "Adam Silver" pick.
Rip_City27::Hmm I would say a team that has 2 lottery picks and the most money to spend this offseason has a bright future.. especially for a nearly 500 team you wouldnt?? Weird
ghettoslider::"we're not rivals" no.. we're just two small market teams that happen to play in the same division and fight each other for playoff spots.. but we're not rivals
Rip_City27::Every team in the conference fights for playoff spots.. does that make all 16 teams "rivals"?? No.. we simply went after those players because they would be beneficial to our team haha you cant be serious..
ghettoslider::gimme a break brodude.. the ONLY reason portland tried to sign either of those players is b/c they played for the jazz (who happen to be in the same division as the blazers).. just another coicidence though right??
simbone28::You're out your element, but seriously you are not going to give the blazers credit for making a play against a division rival (every over 500 team in a division are rivals whether you deem it to be true or not) that would have either forced the jazz into potentially going over the salary cap for a great bench player, or getting a great bench player of their own. It was a win win, because as you said blazers got freed up money.
Rip_City27::Hahaha please, get outta here with that, yes it actually was a coincidence.. You think we would want to go get average players just because its a team in our division?? Get real $@%!$
ghettoslider::yeah and im sure it was just a coicidence they both happened to play for the jazz right??
Doc Emmett L Brown::Portland was a rival of Utah in the 90s when Portland was better. Houston kinda took their place in the 2000s
scow79::Who is Portland's rival then?
Rip_City27::Ehh not really, we dont consider Utah "rivals" its obviously a team we want to beat because were in the same division but not nearly rivals
scow79::Um....Utah and Portland are in the same division.   That usually makes two teams rivals.
Rip_City27::Yeah?? You guys arent that special to us.. Were not rivals we simply wanted those players
ghettoslider::just seems like the blazers always have alot of $$ to spend (especially when theyre trying to steal players from the jazz)
Rip_City27::He is worth every penny we spent on him
Doc Emmett L Brown::Matthews is a great player, but Portland still overpaid to get him. One of a few reasons the Jazz didn't match.
Rip_City27::Matthews and Milsap are good players.. the only good ones we wanted
scow79::You don't have 2 lottery picks quite yet.   The ping pong balls have to put the Nets out of the top 3
Rip_City27::You're right but as of now its projected 4th pick, all about the way the balls bounce but just bein optimistic
scow79::You said in your original post that Portland has 2 lottery picks this year.   I was only pointing out that it's not necessarily true.
Rip_City27::Yeah they could also have the worst record and get the 4th pick, what are you getting at??
scow79::Yes, but the ping pong balls could put the Nets in the top 3 therefore Portland wouldn't get the pick even though the Nets finished outside the bottom 3.
Rip_City27::Ping pong balls have Nets at 4th pick right now and are playing well as of late winning the last 4 out of 5 games..
scow79::Yeah, same thing could happen to us.   Golden State could finish outside the bottom 7 and still keep their pick
Doc Emmett L Brown::It's Golden State I'm worried about. Tanking cowards.
dmcmorris08::Yes, another blazers fan!! I would say that is a bright future yes. How about 4 lottery picks in two years, and potential for more this year, for a team around .500?
Doc Emmett L Brown::Deron Williams is marquee, but he's 90% in Dallas, 10% staying in NJ
Rip_City27::I know I'm not sayin marquee we need a solid player or 2..
scow79::He wouldn't want to go to Portland bc he has knee problems.    And why would Portland want to pay money to yet another guy with knee problems?
dmcmorris08::Exactly even Eric Gordon is not that great, all that money and your gonna get eric gordon? Watch out world!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Nice FA is not = to marquee FA. The Jazz have also attracted "nice" FAs.
Rip_City27::We havent had this much money to spend in years, we have lured in plenty of nice fa's in the past.. All about the cash if we offer Eric Gordon 12 mil a year why would he turn that down?? Because its Portland?? Of course not
dmcmorris08::Come on, where are those players gonna take you? First round at best...
scow79::Wesley Matthews only did bc the Jazz didn't match Portlands offer, otherwise he would have stayed with the Jazz.   He's said as much.  Jamal Crawford?   Really?   You can't be serious...
Rip_City27::Well Welsey Matthews did, Jamal Crawford did.. Its all about the money
dmcmorris08::Who is gonna go to portland man? be honest.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Small markets don't lure marquee free agents. Portland is a lovely city, but it's not a big market.
scow79::Just don't pickup Eric Gordon whatever you do.
Rip_City27::With not a lot of money to spend?? Hmm I would rather have money to lure a free agent that is a proven player in this league rather than pick a player who could be a hit or miss..
ghettoslider::the most money to spend.. that sounds familiar.. weird
Doc Emmett L Brown::This is what, in the world of contract negotiations, is called a leverage move.
Rip_City27::Almost?? Haha pleasee.. Deron Williams has already expressed interest playing next to Lamarcus, is a long shot but not unrealistic
Doc Emmett L Brown::Most money to spend really only means something when you are a big market team though. The curse of us small market teams. Yes, Portland's future is looking good. Almost as good as Utah's. Almost.
Rip_City27::How so??
ghettoslider::for their first pick in the 2012 draft, the blazers select: brittney griner!!
ghettoslider::yeah she has a deep voice
Doc Emmett L Brown::What did her(his) knees ever do to you?
dmcmorris08::Have you heard her speak? She sounds manish its freaky!
jessemangelson::The Blazers select the guy who's knees will blow out.
jessemangelson::Ok haha
dmcmorris08::Alright, lets not rub it in now, leave the poor blazers alone they have had a rough night
Doc Emmett L Brown::Yes, we've covered this.
jessemangelson::The Blazers select Oden hahahaha.
mattrbrehm::Look, I like the Blazers, but anytime someone starts in with the "How many championships have you won" talk, it's just code for saying, "I am looking to the past to defend my team who sucks in the present".
CBass1317::Its true, but you know you would do the same thing.  Just like the Oden comments.  Stupid low hanging fruit.
Doc Emmett L Brown::This should be given to any BYU fan who ever mentions the 84 Holiday Bowl.
jessemangelson::And the Portland Trailblazers select Sam Bowie...
Utah_Dirtbiker::Let's trade CJ for a used car and some cash.
olwildcory723::Let's just give CJ a permanent seat on the bench.
scow79::I think we'd have to throw in Demarre Carroll if you want both the used car and the cash.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Left handers shouldn't play basketball
dmcmorris08::I think we would have to pay someone to take him
127decibels::Lots a fun Utah fans.  I'm messin with you a bit - I'm actually a closet Utah fan - not quite so much now as when Sloan was coaching.  Later - hard to compete when it's 1 on 10. :) And I'm out.
ghettoslider::hard to compete?? thats what the blazers were saying tonight.. J/k
dmcmorris08::What do we do now, I was having so much fun trashing on the blazers fan....
Doc Emmett L Brown::That's OK. I grew up that way and most of my family still is, despite the cooky, nonsensical teachings that are contrary to scientific fact and pretend to be loving whilst spending millions to persecute and prevent other people from being happy.  #soapbox
dmcmorris08::You caught me
Doc Emmett L Brown::We have a Mormon in the house.
dmcmorris08::Not sure what that is but it sounds like a good time!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Brazzers?
Doc Emmett L Brown::Best to not challenge me anyway. Snap.
scow79::I was actually wondering why you were sticking around when you were so outnumbered
dmcmorris08::Haha, yeah you were a little out numbered there
Free Alec Burks Returns::Get the f*ck out.   haha JK
scow79::7 rebounds is soft. Not drawing fouls on a consistent basis is soft. Not going to the rim and settling for jump shots is soft.    Your PF playing like a SF is soft  Any questions what soft means?
JAHQUAN3::Is Aldridge's PER much higher then the Utah Bigs? And is he a better defender then either of them? So what is the point exactly?
CBass1317::Dude, Aldrige averages more points in the paint, shoots more FTs, and shoots a higher percentage than any of Utah's bigs.  Try actually doing your research.
CBass1317::I am out.  Good debating guys.  Fun that the topic is actually basketball.  I give y'all props.  Good luck in the lottery this year ;)
127decibels::DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM you ugly boy.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Awesome.
scow79::It's Ricky Gervais still   lol
Doc Emmett L Brown::Speaking of which, who is it this time? I remember the funny Ricky Gervais one.
scow79::Thanks if it was me, then I would be flattered
Doc Emmett L Brown::What does soft mean?
Doc Emmett L Brown::Just busting chops now.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Just wait until the Jazz trade Devin Harris and a McRib for Derrick Rose and Al Jefferson and a used ticket stub for Kevin Durant! Then the Jazz starting 5 will be PG - Derrick Rose SG - Gordon Hayward SF - Kevin Durant PF - Paul Millsap C - Derrick Favors   I was trying to think of something equally as ridiculous as the nonsense the Blazers gentlemen have been spewing for the last little while... This is what I came up with.
dmcmorris08::Yeah thats pretty close, good work!
StocktonToMalone 3::Blazers have been telling us how good they will be for years. Same story..... blah blah blah.
127decibels::.
127decibels::Utah is Portland's AAA team.
PTSup20::Because you payed out your butt and signed one player that was undrafted the previous year, I don't think so. You wish you could get more than matthews from us
dmcmorris08::Keep telling yourself that...
scow79::Your AAA team is better than your pro team then
127decibels::Great. Future looks good for us then.
127decibels::Jazz fans getting so cocky here...  Little do they realize that as soon as Favor's and Cantor's contracts are up, Portland will end up with them both.
dmcmorris08::Cantor is my favorite player, almost as good as Kanter
aaronearl365::Oh yeah, bro! I remember Cantor. He has mad hops!!!!!
aaronearl365::Who is Cantor?
ghettoslider::exactly..
ghettoslider::you can have cantor and we'll keep kanter deal??
StocktonToMalone 3::LMA and Sap are basically tied in PER
Utah_Dirtbiker::Silly Blazer fans who think they have the future all figured out....
Utah_Dirtbiker::You don't take a Blazer loss well do you.
127decibels::Okay, let's talk about the past. How many championships do you guys have?  What's the head to head playoff between Utah and Portland?
ghettoslider::the blazers future: trying to steal favors and kanter from the jazz by overpaying them and siging them to huge ridiculous contracts
CBass1317::Then the Jazz match.  See one Paul Milsap.
lamriverside9::real or FAKE?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-87NQZOVdk
CBass1317::Bottom line is the Blazers have the only real go to player on either roster in Aldridge.  Jazz have nobody with his trajectory as a go to player (and don't even try and tell me Favors).  Both teams suck, but the hardest part about being in small market is finding that marquee guy.  Easier to amass "talent" and eventually over pay a couple of them (see future Jazz front line).  Harder to get the guy.  Blazers have a real go to guy, Jazz are still looking and not that close.
olwildcory723::I'm pretty sure Portland will be paying one, maybe two guys huge deals to sit on the bench with broken knees at about the same time Favors and Kanter become restricted free agents.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Favors and Kanter are 20 and 19. There is huge room for improvement in both.
CBass1317::Also huge room for the Jazz to convince themselves they are worth big deals and over pay both.
127decibels::Until their contracts expire and the Blazers will get both of them.
ghettoslider::the blazers team imploded this year.. they were supposed to be one of the better teams in the west and ended up dismantling their roster and benching their starting backcourt.. embarrassing
CBass1317::Nobody is denying that.  But doesn't change anything about the future.  It was time for Nasty Nate to go.  Jazz still have a team full of question marks and not obvious guy to sign and build around.
127decibels::Exactly CBass...  Small market teams generally are forced to build through the draft. When it comes to quality, the Jazz have nobody who approaches Aldridge plus the Blazers have 2 picks ahead of the Jazz this year...both lotto.
CBass1317::Do any of those lottery picks project as max quality players.  HELL NO. But the Jazz will probably desperatly over pay one of them.  Who cares when they were picked?  Lots of teams make mistake with lottery picks.  SEE for example, New Jersey picking Favors.  Good thing the Jazz were willing to trade for him so they could tell people they had "lottery picks."
CBass1317::Milsapp is a fourth option on a deep playoff team at best.  dude is a baller, but defenses are not scared of him, especially not with time to game plan in a playoff series.
CBass1317::Yeah, and Wessy wes had 33 ... big deal.  You going to run your whole offense through either one?
dmcmorris08::Yeah, pretty sure Milsap showed he is more of a go to guy than aldridge tonight!
Doc Emmett L Brown::The Jazz have four lottery picks already on their team and may add 0, 1 or 2 more this year. This argument has already failed multiple times. Try a new one.
scow79::31 and 11 says otherwise
Doc Emmett L Brown::Aldridge is six years older than Favors biologically, but not six years more advanced in ability on the court.
aaronearl365::That's not what your mom said last night.
CBass1317::Sure he is.  Favors has no touch.  Milsap and Jefferson have touch, but ... ugg ... they are Milsap and Jefferson.
aaronearl365::Stop liking your own comments.
127decibels::You guys are really getting delusional now.   Yeah, Favors will be better than Michael Jordan when it's all said and done.
Doc Emmett L Brown::And not as lazy
scow79::If you look at their offensive numbers at the same point in their careers they're actually quite similar.    Favors is by far the superior defensive player though
scow79::Aldridge = Soft  7 rebounds tell me so.
scow79::I'm not saying he's not a good player.   He just plays like a SF, not a PF.    With the size he has, he should be dominating.
scow79::7 rebounds is soft.   Not drawing fouls on a consistent basis is soft.   Not going to the rim and settling for jump shots is soft.
CBass1317::Thats why you surround him with rebounders.  Go to shot maker that commands a double team in the post is what matters in the NBA.  Jazz don't have it, and none of the current bigs project to be there anytime soon.
127decibels::Never been a huge rebounder but he does allright.  Soft? He put up 27 and 7 on your jazz tonight.  That's "soft"?  Whatever.
Free Alec Burks Returns::You're trying to hard....
Doc Emmett L Brown::Guys, take it easy. When people start taking personal shots at me, it is my unofficial way of knowing I've beaten their best, albeit still terrible, arguments.
ghettoslider::good point
lamriverside9::real or FAKE?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-87NQZOVdk
7BAUGHLLIN7::Anthony Davis' unibrow &gt; anything portland
jakec213::I'm sure he knows. They have made signs and fake uni's for it. It's all for attention. The hideous Davis
aaronearl365::You have to believe he gets a ton of crap for it. Why doesn't a teammate just tell him it is hideous?
dmcmorris08::Haha, oh man that thing is the worst, I cannot believe he dares to go out in public
aaronearl365::Doc Emmett is gay. What kind of doctor are you? A proctologist?
ghettoslider::dont even respond to trolls.. just looking for attention
aaronearl365::Then why did you post on my comment?
scow79::How do you know Doc Emmett is gay?   That should be the question here.
dmcmorris08::I liked it loser!! Why dont you find something better to do with your life!
aaronearl365::Stop liking your own comments. It makes you look even more gay.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Can I say "taint?"
Doc Emmett L Brown::He licked my taint.
aaronearl365::My gaydar.
Doc Emmett L Brown::"Proctologists are relatively well compensated compared to other kinds of physicians. For example, family practitioners with more than two years of experience make around $156,000 a year, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Internists make around $166,000. Proctologists are trained as surgeons, and surgeons generally receive higher compensation than other physicians, according to HealthCare-TainingCenter.com. General surgeons with more than a year of experience may make around $282,500 a year, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."  I wish I was a proctologist.
aaronearl365::I bet you do.
dmcmorris08::Ouch, whats with the hatred??
Utah_Dirtbiker::Comment removed.
Doc Emmett L Brown::That one hurt. It really did.
aaronearl365::Good. Because gays are the worst thing in the universe.
CBass1317::The $@%! talking on here is pathetic.  The Jazz are terrible as well.  Neither of these teams are going anywhere.
olwildcory723::I'm sure Portland's GM will figure out great players to pick....oh wait....what GM
ghettoslider::yeah but expectations were high for the blazers this year and low for the jazz.. so this season is a dissapointment for the blazers while the jazz have exceeded expectations
127decibels::When you lose 2 lotto picks and trade away 2 other starters for future considerations in the same year, yeah, things are going to change. But Portland has set itself up very nicely for the future.
127decibels::I agree with you - this year. Portland's not going anywhere this year. But they have some great pieces in place for the future.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Really? Why aren't you going to the playoffs then?
dmcmorris08::twice the quality??? How do you figure?
127decibels::But twice the quality.
Doc Emmett L Brown::They do indeed. Almost as many as Utah.
Utah_Dirtbiker::So do the Jazz.....
Doc Emmett L Brown::Oh yeah?!
ghettoslider::here's a history of the blazers first round picks: 1. took sam bowie ahead of jordan 2. took greg oden ahead of kevin durant.. what great talent scouts/orginization portland has
127decibels::And of course, you left out the picks that actually proved to be great picks. It's pretty easy to be selective, isn't it?
127decibels::Utah would have taken Oden as well....just like 95% of the GMs in the league. They actually did a poll that year. Convenient memory you have there.
127decibels::Actually, I do.
127decibels::Nope. That was a total screwup. But none of that management is even around anymore - so what's the point?
Doc Emmett L Brown::Yep, but we didn't, because we aren't cursed. We picked D-Will, who got us to the WCF and then he turned into Favors and Kanter, which is just a small part of the future of why Portland will be looking up at Utah in the standings.
Utah_Dirtbiker::You know who the Jazz would have taken? No, actually you don't know.
ghettoslider::woulda coulda shoulda.. im sure the jazz wouldve drafted bowie too right??
Impossibly_plausible::Yeah well I feel bad for sonics fans, cause they DID make the right choice! And they still got fukked!
scow79::Seattle Starbucks
Impossibly_plausible::Nah, totally racist. Seattle Frappachinos.
Doc Emmett L Brown::The Seattle Lattes!
ghettoslider::yeah seattle needs an nba team again
