Enlightened Sheep::How much better does Durant make Westbrook ?
ThunderNut22::Durant makes everyone better, but if you watched the game against GS Westbrook got it started, and played his best game this season.
Epicurusxm::31 assists as a team is the only stat that matters. Take that and add only 10 turnovers and it's a good formula for this team to win. Just need to defend better and they'll be on track.
Seskatchewan::Out of all the idiotic comments I've seen (myself included) this comment makes most sense. Assists means the team is playing together!
return of the madcap::is everyone on here saying about time?
BavarianM3::right?
return of the madcap::i was surprised to see this is his first.. uhh well sort of surprised
BavarianM3::All you glory hunter fanboys who love lebron have probably never seen a MJ, Larry Bird, Magic, or Wilt game ever cause Lebron has nothing on them. Lebron is a stat player. Not a winner. You really think 1 ring solidifies his status as GOAT? Ha Please you young kids know nothing about the sport.
parafal::wilt was not a "stat player"?    it takes stats, good teammates and heart to be a winner. which is why LBJ will never pass MJ
Treydey10::Durant has never made 1st team NBA at his natural position, because of Lebron. He has no MVP's, he lost to Lebron's team in the finals, Lebron is a triple double threat every game, Durant got his first triple double in his 6th season. I like Durant but let's be serious, he's not better than Lebron.
parafal::the olympic team was lead by LBJ ...
Seskatchewan::FG %, 3pt %, Especially free throw %, 4th quarter last shot % Durant is clutch. 1st team NBA is about as reliable as Music Awards. Let's be real, the Olympic team was Durant's team
ThunderNut22::True that, Durant led the Gold medal game.
Treydey10::Actually Lebron's fg% is higher than Durant's. That Olympic team was lead by Lebron. Durant does not have the all around game that Lebron has, plus he doesnt make others around him better. Once again, Durant is a great player but Lebron is better.
Lebron NBA KING::Only player in NBA history to average at least 26 points, 6 rebounds and 6 assists for their career  -- LEBRON JAMES.   So yea you can say it doesn't matter how many triple doubles, but this guy scores 26 a game while being the most complete player in NBA history. Nobody ever has averaged what he is averaging for his career as an overall player. ONLY HIM! 1 EVER
parafal::still taking Magic over Kobe Bird and Oscar Robertson have put up 26-6-6 numbers
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::and yet he still isnt on kobe's level let alone jordan
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::at the end of their carreers what do we base all ledgends on.. RINGS!!.. yes he finally got one but it took till his 3rd time. kobe is 5/7 .. jordan is 6/6.. kobe is close to being the all time scoring leader in the nba.. he is already the greatest laker. jordan is jordan nothing else needs to be said.. so lebron has a LONG way to go.. everyone needs to stop with this GOAT crap!
Lebron NBA KING::RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN - and yet he still isnt on kobe's level let alone jordan  Yes he is, already surpassed Kobe as a player, just not rings. Shaq, Barkley, RMiller and many others already consider Lebron as the next player that can be "Jordan" or GOAT. Kobe has been passed up and will be an also ran by the time Lebron is done.   Jordan I can say is still better than Lebron until Lebron does what he is doing for a few more years and gets more rings.
Treydey10::He's not on Jordan's level, but Lebron has already passed Kobe.
Lebron NBA KING::Durant 1 career triple double!!!! 1!!!!!  Lebron has 40 already lol.  Jordan only had 30 in 15 years,
southside lakeshow::Who cares?  It's OKC, less than 800 comments on this board! Their best chance at championship was last year.  This team's done!
ThunderNut22::LOL well most native Oklahomans care about the Thunder. Not all of them are going to go blog about them.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::thats because its the warriors we played for the lack of comments
Sonic_Sooner::Last I checked, the Thunder was bitchslapping the Fakers out of the playoffs.  You're talking smack about a team being done?  Look at the standings!  SCOREBOARD, $@%!$!
BavarianM3::do you need attention?
Super Gman08::A testament to how good LeBron James is: We are praising the highly regard as, second best player in the league for notching his FIRST triple double. LeBron puts up at least one a month over his long, illustrious and productive career.
BavarianM3::go make some pillows with Lebron's face on it.
lisektosoid63::Triple-doubles are not that important that's why it's the only first one for Kevin. 24-8-9 player is much better than 11-10-10 player, for example.
parafal::how bout   30-12-11  for an entire season?    still not impressive?
Sonic_Sooner::The assist stat is really misleading.  It depends on the player that RECEIVES the pass.  If Durant makes 10 nice passes to James Harden, but Harden makes a dribble drive off the pass and then scores, Durant doesn't get an assist.  If Kevin Martin catches the pass, shoots and hits, Durant gets an assist.  If Russell Athletic blows by Steve Nash and dishes off to Martin for an open shot, and he gets fouled and makes two free throws, Westbrook doesn't get an assist.  Go figure.
KentuckyAlum2012::There's more to basketball than just scoring. I'm sure Rondo didn't record 20 points in every one of those triple double games, but the Celtics did win majority of those games.
BavarianM3::keep telling yourself that.
BavarianM3::KD is on a different level this year. He's just so consistent now. More than ever. It looks like the 2012-2013 MVP award doesn't have LJ name on it just yet. I remember when Kenny The Jet Smith predicted on Inside the NBA that KD would be the best basketball player in the World in the year 2013. Is he wrong?
parafal::LBJ still owns it. KD has to put up 32ppg-8rpg-4+apg and win the title to earn a spot above LBJ
KentuckyAlum2012::KD is great, but not better than LeBron James. And no, I am not a Heat fan.
KentuckyAlum2012::KD is a great player, hard to believe this is his first career triple double.
ChicagoSingh::Triple-Doubles are so impressive they deserve an ESPN Highlight -Said Nobody.
_Furious_::This is a dangerous sign for the rest of the league that Durant may be expanding his skill set.
SigmundNBA::Triple doubles are overrated anyway...you don't want greatest scorer in NBA history to pass so much.
parafal::jordan, wilt, jabbar, are 3 better "scorers" no matter what your criteria.  dominique, bird, gervin, james, bryant all have a argument with durant being better scorer
KentuckyAlum2012::How are triple doubles overrated? Having triple doubles proves that a player isn't one dimensional. As for Kevin Durant being the greatest scorer, he has the potential to be the greatest but he isn't the greatest. I guess you've forgotten about Michael Jordan.
KentuckyAlum2012::LeBron's ppg average during his first 5 years is slightly better than KD's.
BavarianM3::LJ and KD would never surpass him. But If I had to choose one that could, it would be KD.
Steven1529::Greatest scorer in NBA History..... WOW...  even Lebron scored more per game in his first 5 years.
_Furious_::He will go down as one of the greatest scorers if he continues his current pace - but at the same time, that doesn't mean he should just jack up bad shots.   I can't believe you're criticizing him for clearly making the correct basketball plays based on what the defense was doing.
Seskatchewan::With his consecutive scoring titles, he is on his way. In my opinion, scorer doesnt necessarily mean pts, how about FG %?
SigmundNBA::Most efficient scorer with at least 3 scoring titles in NBA history. He is top 3 easily.
parafal::greatest scorer in NBA history???   where is he?   KD has not earned a top 3 spot yet
henry teska::it really is hard to believe this is his first trip.. i mean really? kd only 1 trip? that just dont make sence... well he broke the ice so more to come?
Arjay411::Well he is a ball hog and doesn't pass when he finally gets the ball I'm surprise he got to 10 assist... He is a nice guy but he is a ball Hog and 4 TO a game come on man!
sports_person_guy::How did you confuse Westbrook and Durant?
Seskatchewan::Your wrong man... KD passes so much, scott tells him to keep the ball and shoot instead of pass.
President of TROLLS::it's hard to believe this is Durant's first triple double.
WildcatRJMacReady::awesome, only took him four seasons to do it!
octrackstar80::so what?
CandySparker::Kevin TD Durant
wilcox1232::KD got the triple double but this teams success rests solely on kevin martin. If he can do what he did last night a title is possible
parafal::success rests with KD and westbrook  they r the stars... now we get to see how good they can be
Swish3And1::The problem is Kevin Martin cannot produce this every night
tituspullo183::"Get me on the court and I'm trouble.  Last week, $@%! ed around and got a triple double." - Ice Cube
corrUPTkingpin07::Today Was a Good Day
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::YAY KD GOT A TRIPLE DOUBLE
Conky Bubs::KD gets a triple double and all the diiipshits show up to discredit it. grats you guys
LightSpeed900::rondo in the playoffs averages a triple double. oh wow 1 triple double. rondo gets 10 in his sleep.
parafal::wilt averaged 8+ apg as a center one year
Lebron NBA KING::Lebron is a forward and averaged 8.7 ast a game for an entire season while also scoring 30 a game that year.  The only forward to ever have a season at 8 asts a game for a season is Lebron.  Durant can't come close to him as an overall player, only as a scorer.
corrUPTkingpin07::rondo is a point guard dummy. In  order to get assists KD has to first get fed the ball from Westbrook who is a combo guard and less likely to pass unless the guy is wide open and should be taking the shot anyway. He has dozens of double doubles the area he's lacking in is assists, BECAUSE HE'S NOT A GUARD.
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Kobe at age 35 with a triple double &gt; Durant
octrackstar80::Really, you would rather have Kobe?
nsl00kup::do you think i could get a decent amout for durants rookie supersonic jersey that is signed by him?
Architecture1978::don't go to jail for trying to pull this off. It's not worth it.
Antsea91::Finally this ballhog got one.
garnolfini::Durant's only triple double? He's nowhere near LeBron or Kobe.
octrackstar80::Lets measure Durant in double doubles shall we. He needs to board and he needs to score...Let the PG/SG worry about the assists.
Lebron NBA KING::octrackstar80 - Lets measure Durant in double doubles shall we. He needs to board and he needs to score...Let the PG/SG worry about the assists.  Yea he can only do 2 things at most, that's why he will never be considered as greatest ever which Lebron will be close or the 1, by the time he retires because he can do it all at the highest of levels.
corrUPTkingpin07::Karl Malone had 4 Triple Doubles. In 20 years. And he's regarded as one of the greatest forwards of all time (perhaps the best power forward though its argued between him and Duncan). Lebron may not be listed as PG but is the best pg on his team. And had how many years playing with the talentless cavs? As opposed to Harden, Westbrook, and Ibaka that KD has to contend with for stats.
parafal::KM was not a primary ball handler, KD is.  having all those guys on his team should be an asset to him getting more assists and rebounds
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::WHY DO PEOPLE ALWAYS HATE ON KD
mms557::At this point in his career he is far ahead of even Kobe and LeBron. As great as those two were early in their careers DURANT HAS 3 SCORING TITLES. The guy is as good as anyone has been at his age.
Yup I am here.::Now I will admit that Durant is a better shooter than those 2. But that's it.
Yup I am here.::Far ahead of who? All 3 are on the same Level in scoring, but Durant has a ways to go to catch Lebron and Kobe as an all-around player.  You are so off garnolfini
Iamtheunderdog23::This guy means in all around play. Nobody would argue about Durant's scoring. It's his assists, rebounding, and defense. Which have been improving over the beginning of this year already.
ic0n2900::I guess I shouldn't be shocked...but I am. How is this his first?
Arjay411::He doesn't like to pass the ball
.antistratfordian.::"Cocking the hammer and pulling the nastiest of triggers!"
Oreopimpgiraffe::RIP Twinkies
corrUPTkingpin07::I like Buterscotch Krimpets. I want to buy the twinkie and combine the two into the greatest snack of all time.
Packers own the NFL::twinkies are gross and really bad for you.
smokingstogies305::Blasphemy! How dare you insult the great Twinkie! Have you no respect?
joah5454_3::RIP Hostess Twinkies will get picked up by another company.
LightSpeed900::the brand will be sold in bankruptcy court. theres tons of companies that will buyy it.
DanNYC2816::sounds like a winning combination
.antistratfordian.::Yes the Anthony &amp; Felton Candy Co.  Just incorporated yesterday.
Packers own the NFL::im not even a Lebron fan but this proves right here that Lebron is better than Durant.. Lebron flirts with triple doubles on a nightly basis
parafal::LBJ is the best player in the NBA right now, period.   ...Durant , then Kobe
Architecture1978::If james was interested in locking down scoring titles he would have shown it by now. Recall the 45-11-10 Tripple double at the garden by james. He choose not to go after points.
lance_baldwin_lbst::lol are you stupid look at LeBron's averages. KD is just as close to him in averaging a triple double, and KD is more efficient.
Sir_Volan::Who has more scoring titles? I know Lebron is better, but your statement sucks. Each have their own strengths, and Lebron has a few years on Durant.
Packers own the NFL::I never said Durant wasnt a good player.. He is a great player. Lebron is just better.
OKC Ram::So you're telling me Durant couldn't sacrifice 10-20 points to get 5 more assists?  The point is when Durant gets the ball he usually shoots because he can shoot over most people.  That doesn't mean he isn't a good player because he isn't passing.
Packers own the NFL::and Lebron doesnt need triple doubles for the Heat to win.
Packers own the NFL::you kidding me? Durant is lucky to get 5 assists on most nights
OKC Ram::The better player is the person who does what their team needs.  Lebron's team needs him to get Triple Doubles to win.  OKC doesn't need Durant to do that to win,  they need him to score.  I'm sure if Scott Brooks told Durant to go out and focus on getting a Triple Double each game Durant could do it.
Packers own the NFL::I just said Durant is the better scorer. Lebron is the better player.
BasketballTensai::What the fk? Since when are triple doubles that important?
Packers own the NFL::well Lebron has been playing longer.
.antistratfordian.::He's not that much better and he hasn't been more prolific.  And this year especially since they're both shooting 44% from three... and LeBron is beating Ray Allen in three point contests.  Just sayin'.... call me when Durant starts nailing 6 or more threes in games more often...
joah5454_3::antistratfordian, you're unbelievably thick-headed. Durant is obviously a better 3 point shooter than LeBron. Durant is probably the best pure shooter in the NBA along with Ray Allen and Nowitzki
.antistratfordian.::Their 3PT% are close (33 to 36).  LeBron is just a more prolific three point shooter.
Packers own the NFL::like I said look up 3 point %.... thats a more truthful stat.
.antistratfordian.::Durant has 2 career games with 6 or more threes.  LeBron has 14.
Packers own the NFL::dude just look up career 3 point %
.antistratfordian.::LeBron has been nailing threes in the NBA when Durant was just in high school.  LeBron holds all the Cavs three point records for makes in a game.  Has Durant ever made 8 threes in a game?  No.  But LeBron has.
Packers own the NFL::Durant is a better scorer. He can shoot from anywhere on the court. Lebron is just now improving his threes.
.antistratfordian.::Durant isn't even a better scorer.  If he was he'd be third all time in scoring average behind Jordan and Wilt, not LeBron.
Packers own the NFL::I will say Durant is a better scorer.
Packers own the NFL::no one is arguing whether they are important or not.. this is just comparing lebron and durants overall game.
Packers own the NFL::so OKC fans can shut up
Packers own the NFL::nope. accept the facts
abbadobad::Or you can.
.antistratfordian.::KD's first triple double in his 390th game.  Congrats!  LeBron had 20 by his 390th game, btw.
parafal::KD and KM are two different players... perimeter vs post
corrUPTkingpin07::Must be real tough to get 10 assists, WHEN YOU PLAY POINT GUARD! use your brains and think. Let's look at another All Time Greatest Forward who played with a great point guard: KARL MALONE. How many triple doubles do you think the mailman had in 20 years?? 4! FOUR.   get off KDs back already, Lebron is often the best PG on his team though he is listed as Small Forward. And with the cavs he was playing with a team of Bums.  KD has had Westbrook and Harden running the point for years now.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::YALL ALWAYS COMPARN LEBRON TO KD SHUTUP ALL READY LIKE IS YALL MADD KD IS GOOD OR SUMTHIN AND LEBRON GOT SUMTHN FOR LOOK OUT FOR
CanadaLakers::YOUR COMMENT I UNDERSTAND DONT RANDOM WORDS ALL TOGETHER STRINGED NO BREAKS IT IS NOT I WONDER DID YOU WHAT CAN I MEAN HUH?
barcodedlife::Lebron only has one scoring title in 10 seasons, pathetic.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Lebron will beat a team on the pass.
GarrettJones93::yeah man totally, how many you got there mister computer athlete?
BasketballTensai::You lebron nuthuggers are disgusting
GarrettJones93::BasketballTensai cry about it $@%!$
.antistratfordian.::What's disgusting is that Durant is supposed to be the league's best scorer but he still only has 1 career 50 point game... not good.  You want to know how many 50 point games LeBron had by his 390th game??
LACLIPPERSFANSINCE1994::This is only KD's first triple-double?? I thought he had about 3 already
chairguru22::Durant should become the PG and Russell plays the 2 guard.
corrUPTkingpin07::Better wouldve been to keep Harden for the point and convert Westbrook to 2 guard. When he's hot he's a monster that can't be stopped but when he's off he can sabotage the team. No shame in playing the 2. Jordan, Kobe, and even the logo were 2 guards.
B0SSaL1Nie::Kinda would like to see Durant bang around a little more with his height and all...
heyman110::I like Durant getting his triple double. I thought the finals last year showed how big a gap there is between Lebron and Durant, because Lebron can impact the game in so many ways, and Durant really only impacts it with his scoring. But this year, Durant is rebounding a lot better, and is starting to pass better. If he can continue to be a playmaker and keep up his scoring by choosing better shots, he can eventually win MVP.
scow79::That's a huge "if".
Sir_Volan::Ewwwww, wrong dream my man. MVP is nothing without taking home that title. If he can shoot more the Westbrook, then there is a chance.
Soturburn::Westbrook is like a case of YIN-YANG.   His athleticism is ridiculous, but loses control too much.  His playmaking ability is fantastic, but court vision needs work.  Die hard OKC fan here and I know Russ has flaws.  I dont want ANYONE ELSE out there. Period.   I'm behind Russ.
scow79::I'd take Chris Paul or Rondo just because they are so much better at making their teammates better.  Westbrook is definitely top 10 though
OKC Ram::Pretty much this.  Westbrook is a great player but the one thing you can't say about him is he consistently makes his teammates better.  It's all fine and well if he puts up 30 points, but sometimes he seems to have an eye on getting that 30 points rather than picking his battles for points and elevating his teammates game at the same time.
bwp2bruce::Such a predictable comment from an OKC fan. I bet all OKC fans feel the same way you do.
durantfolife35::Impressed with him finally getting that triple double.  But is anyone else more surprised by Westbrook actually getting 7 assists tonight?
Sir_Volan::Forget the 7 assists, the amazing part is he had less than 7 turnovers!
Rolltide4203::basically tied for 3rd.. do u mean surprised he only got 7? because hes putting up well over 7 most every game
scow79::The word "actually" would lead one to believe that he's surprised he got 7 assists.
B0SSaL1Nie::Durant fan but don't follow his team? Who'da thunk it...
scow79::Actually he's 5th, but it's still not surprising.
Soturburn::He's like 3rd in the league this season, so NO.
Wes they call me butterfingers Welker::Who will win MVP this season?
stengelsbarber::someone on the grizzles. They are playing playoff basketball now.
pidgison::I hope chris paul gets it :)
Packers own the NFL::if the Heat make the playoffs and they will Lebron wins
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::CAN U GO BAQ TO YO NFL PAGE DAMN
abbadobad::You think he will win it just by making the playoffs? I think they will need to have the top seed in the east for him to get it.
Sir_Volan::Look out for Melo on this one....
chairguru22::HAHAHAHAA!! I thought you said Carmelo...
Soturburn::Too soon to tell.
Wes they call me butterfingers Welker::The Durantula with a Trip-Dub and on his way to a 4th straight scoring title this season.
Clippers and or Lakers fan.. Depending on who is doing better::Durant has never had a triple double?
Rolltide4203::its not mindboggling at all
B0SSaL1Nie::That's absolutely mindboggling...
B0SSaL1Nie::Didn't say that. You brought up current achievements, I just simply stated which one a player would take.
Soturburn::So you honestly think KD wont get a ring eventually?  LOL
B0SSaL1Nie::I'll take that over 3 scoring titles...
Soturburn::Right?  9 years in the league and finally got a ring.
B0SSaL1Nie::Sorry, never seen anyone hold up a scoring title award. MVP, on the other hand...
Soturburn::Might wanna throw a FINALS appearance in there.
B0SSaL1Nie::First triple double in 5 years + 3 Scoring titles = You're not getting the ball. And they $@%!$ about Westbrook...
Soturburn::So i guess youd rather have a dozen triple doubles than 3 scoring titles?   Stupid.
halinahandbasket::westbrook is a worse ballchucker than kobe....and supposed to be playing PG???
Rolltide4203::looks like hes doing a better job than anyone passing the ball this year outside of rondo and chris paul. 8.5 assists a game, games of 8 9 10 12 12 13 assists. yeah hes an awful pg,
OKCBernie::Westbrook will destroy the Lakers
Soturburn::always does.  aside from when the Lakers front office gets the refs their checks on time.  (Game 3 of 2012 playoffs)
Soturburn::FINALS you stupid bit.ch
MPerce4::Best part of the game was Perkins guarding Curry in the 3rd. The size difference was hilarious.
BlueSh1rt::James Harden vs Lakers  7 for 18 = 20 points 2 rebounds 7 assists 1 steal 5 turnovers -10 while on the floor  Not trashing Harden, just pointing out how much the Thunder won't really miss him.
WarriorsWarrior::They'll miss him!
Soturburn::I might agree if we didnt get Martin.  We did though, so im feeling pretty good.
bwp2bruce::Relevant Teams This Year: 1. NYK 2. MIA 3. OKC 4. SAS 5. LAC  Soap Opera Buzz Media Teams 1. LAL 2. HOU 3. PHI 4. BKN 5. CHI
lakers will be 2013 champs::2 tripple doubles in the same night.
WarriorsWarrior::Gg oaks!
LALakersFan88::kobe just got a triple double
raggy8292::except the ppl liking his comment..
scow79::Nobody cares
Aureliux::And people say this guy is the real MVP... smh
