LeBron James GOAT 23::Having sex with Magic Johnson and his gay son &gt; Kobe
Drnka40::I love that 2/3's of the highlights are Cav plays, nevermind the fact they lost by 20.
I HOOP 87::Lebron was Cleveland's best chance at anything. But your manager was to cheap to get him solid players. Soon it'll be Kyries turn to leave. LOL...
ThrowsTheHammerDown::Troll, and even if he does, who cares? It's basketball, barely anyone watches it anymore.
Notta Lespn1::And this the guy who they say has surpassed the YMVP? the best in 2015? welcome back but whats new? i thought he had sat out the season, he came back and exsposed himself.  stats and razzle dazzle will get him to the all-star game and drum up interest from other teams but what the Cav's organization needs is a winner!  Hope i didnt say too much because i havnt said enough
Effectful::Watch out next year if Kyrie and Dion stay healthy and Thompson decides to be consistent.
dwighthowardsamazing::Gordon 6 assists and only 11 shots????? Whoa! that's why we won a blowout.
Minnysota Vikings::Before when I've said this it's been me trolling more than anything else, but it's starting to get weird how the Cavs seem to play better without Kyrie on the floor. Could the Patrick Ewing theory be at work here?
Gene7470::The Cavs are at the bottom in team defense and even worse when KI is on the floor. Sooner or later they will realize that Scott is possibly the worst defensive coach in the NBA and send him packing. His record speaks for itself!
foxx7777::The problem with Irving is that he shoots the ball too much to play the point guard position. He take his team out of the game by not getting them involved in the offense. He is a shooting guard in a point guard's body.
Jaywashing::^Westbrook, sure, because he somehow averages more shot attempts than his scoring champion teammate.   Kyrie, it's too early to judge.   Disagreed on Rose, especially because of the stats (his team's offense has been elite with him on the court--statistically).
jlkingespn2010::agree... no disrespect but i think westbrook,d.rose,and kyrie irving will fall victim to shooting more than involving their teamates.
dwighthowardsamazing::They are not better without him. But they aren't as good as they should be with a player of his caliber. Just don't think he's a winner
- Thomas Chmura -::with irving after the grillzies trade, the cavs were 14-15. They just had a bad start
JohnsonnnL::I bet you said the same about Kevin Durant his first few years in the league.
JohnsonnnL::Their record is 17-32 with Irving 5-18 without. They clearly are not playing better without him.
zachzach1010::According to your numbers, I don't think they are very good WITH him.
Skylander14::Cavs are in complete tank mode right now.
YogaBeer::They have to be.    Look at crap teams like T Woves for example.    Wolves are trying their best to have the worst record for more PP balls.
lvis11::I put something here cause as a Cavs fan this is embarrassing 126 comments.......hahahahahahhahaha
YogaBeer::this is like spring training.     the games don't count.   only ping pong balls do.
YenxRenx::Kyrie the .300 player..lol!! if Kyrie would stop running his mouth long enough to to read a playbook, he might learn something other than LOSING. He has LOSING down pat!!!
YogaBeer::you wouldn't know what a ball looks like cause you have none, Maverick Carter.
rm90025::In football a QB is judged  by the team's W-L record as much as any individual stat line.  It doesn't really happen in basketball.  But if you think about it, how much more valuable is Lebron James when you take a look at w-l differential.  He took a pretty bad Cleveland roster to division and conference titles.  Kyrie Irving is a fine player, but how many wins can he really generate?
YogaBeer::In fandom, a fan's IQ is judged by his knowledge, or in the case of rm90025, lack of.
.Booty Loaf::what was kevin Durant's record his irst 2 seasons? i'll be waitng for an answer......
zachzach1010::Not many, unless he improves his defense.
HunterF4444::No one tanks as well as the Cavs. They have it down.
Gene7470::The players in place were good enough to get a 27 point lead vs the Heat...poor coaching lost that game...how long do we have to look at coach Scott standing there with his arms crossed frowning while we blow 27 point leads? He has no clue how to coach his players to play defense just like he had no clue how to play defense when he played. Time for Scott to go!!!
.Booty Loaf::maybe we just aren't very good bro... kyrie had 31 in 29 minutes and we still got whipped
dwighthowardsamazing::12 of kyries points were in garbage time the game was already over.
YogaBeer::That D is often called the "open gait D" in tanking circles.    Or, "Oh pardon me.   come on through."
zachzach1010::Tank you very much!  ~ Dan Gilbert
orange_63::lol
35mikey1313::Besides the Heat games, NO playing real well. Fans should be excited for next year with a new owner and another good draft pick. Gonna be Pelicans though
dwighthowardsamazing::We played well against the heat. Just got blewout because LeBron went off and they weremd about the streak ending. And not to mention the extreme talent differential.
orange_63::Byron Scott will probably get Coach of the Year this year..............that's my guess, he is doing a great job of tanking the season!
- Thomas Chmura -::you can't blame him, most of his best guys can't even drink yet, plus the ridiculous amount of injuries
YogaBeer::He'll be w/o a job by the draft.
ctowngambler78::Keep the losing streak going CAVS!! We need Otto Porter!!
masterjoe712::Damn the Cavs need to put a respectable team around Kyrie so we can see what he can do in the playoffs
FadeBackShootAirBall4::problem is won't no decent FA come to Cleveland unless they're traded, so they have no choice but to build thru the dr
schome76::Next all-star weekend we'll see Walton(-3)  vs Kobe.....White Mamba vs Black Mamba ---Wow!! I can't wait!!
dwighthowardsamazing::The white mamba is Brian scalibrene. (My bad with that spelling)
FadeBackShootAirBall4::sorry wrong comment
FadeBackShootAirBall4::wll anthony davis be one of those kind of big men who can't do anything without a pg? because his numbers have been terrible with vasquez out..then he comes back and he has a great night.
YogaBeer::Also, Scott took out Zeller and if you look at the bulk of the points coming from DAvis, they came from easy lobs when Zeller was on the bench.   Now, for edification, Zeller has not earned the badge of defense by any stretch, but one of the reasons Scott is going to be fired at the end of the season is you do not take out your C you drafted in 4th Qs and put in an old laker player.     Play the rookie and he's earned it with his improvement.
timetodienow1234567::Yes. But only a few big men could dominate without a point guard. Shaq. Duncan. etc...
FadeBackShootAirBall4::this is true   edit: you forgot alonzo morning
zachzach1010::Without Kyrie, the Cavs suck.  With Kyrie, the Cavs still suck, but at least they are watchable.
oldcoach1961::64 points in second half
oldcoach1961::Walton sucks
schome76::See below
BOOKIER666::i have been bettting against DET, SUNS, CAVS and make a s h yt load of money
schome76::Walton=White Mamba......if Miami offered Lebron for Walton would you do it? Hell no
oldcoach1961::Serving good o no d
Gregor_Vinson845972::Have you drafted yet:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge5
BOOKIER666::Thanks u Clev for the easy $1K
NoThanks2U_26::Every game after playing the HEAT seems easy
oldcoach1961::Cavs are a joke
schome76::I don't get it. The Cavs are stackin lottery picks--2 first rounders this year right?
bjonthe493rd::also the cavs have this perfectly play kyrie enough to make the world want to watch because he's spectacular but enough to win a game so that they cna tank....so frustrating though as a fan!
bjonthe493rd::Well looks like Kyrie's doing well
BOOKIER666::I should bet $5K on this game so easy
BOOKIER666::NO easy bail out game after losing FLOR
TheGiantsFan731::LOL 89 COMMENTS. I am a cavs fan btw
orange_63::this is an improvement......
oldcoach1961::About time Scott plays Kevin Jones, Scott does not. know what he is doing.
rackcity222::kyrie has not scored in the second half lol wth is wrong with him... this is why john wall might be better irving goes mia for at least a period and half
rackcity222::oppps i sound dumb af
jerryboy760::The Hornets were a lock!!!
oldcoach1961::Caspian what is he in game fore
trainhard_247::B. Scott has money on NO -6 1/2. Making sure he gets paid.
trainhard_247::No points at all in the first 3min of the 4th.. Scott cant couch PERIOD..
BOOKIER666::The cavs play even in the 1st half because NO did nt play hard NBA has the laziest players
darkknight8425::They need to put Irving back in the game this is embarrassing I watch
lebronjames646::cant wait till the hawks rape the cavs tomorrow
schome76::us Cavs fans too ---L O T T E R Y
oldcoach1961::With Walton and Gibson in lineup that's 2 people you do not have cover.
orange_63::this comment board might break 100 tonight at this rate! wooo hoooooooooo!
BOOKIER666::Game over the NBA is so easy to make money . Put against these s h yt teams
trainhard_247::Lebron was smart, left this $@%!$@ city and team Cavs suck
jerryboy760::Lou!!!!
rackcity222::why is coach scott not playing irving this guy is dumb .. ur down by 18 put irving in the game
rackcity222::he has walton and gibson in .. during tzhe 4th .. idiot
jerryboy760::He probably put a couple million on the Hornets to win.
oldcoach1961::Same story 4 games in a row, when will Scott change
oldcoach1961::Scott must love Walton and Gibson there they are in game again
