raosuper@163.com::Jeremy Lin fight on
jacklai3333::NY's second team is the best now. If our starters play on par with the other team's starters, we would win it all when our 2nd unit beat the rest.
Dodgerblue0273::Whose 2nd team is better then Baron Davis, Smith and Novak? Once Baron Davis gets comfortable the bench will win some important games.
nbafan22222::Looking forward to the next Knicks game. Go Jeremy!
2bmeizez::It's a shame, a player that can't be stoped by any single player in this league has to feel more comfortable on the road than at home games. He has to hear groans every time he touches the ball like he's NOT a top 3 clutch player in the NBA. I want to apologize for some of these NEW YORKer's behavior. It's appalling
joepah51::If Jeremy Lin can play teams like the Cavs every night instead of our awesome Heat guards, he might have a career.
oa92000::KNicks with Melo + Amare : 8-15  Knicks with Lin: 7-0  Knicks with Lin + Melo + Amare : 3-3    Total 18-18
nbafan22222::At least they are getting better as a team.
gogi1004::i hope the knicks get better and better!
dprice5811::How did this game kick off Sportscenter last night?  Bull vs Spurs or even Thunder vs Sixers were more intriguing, no?    What is Disney feeding me these days?
brownstribe44::GO CAVS! :P
Commonluv::18-18.  Knicks are heading to playoffs.   FROM LOTTERY TO CHAMPIONSHIP LETS GO!
stevopats::Carmelo iz awesome
dprice5811::welcome your team to .500.....................   again.........
knowledgeable_fan::this thread is receding faster than lebron james' hairline
Michael38061::Novak is a dangerous player, more deadly than Gallinari
oa92000::sometimes he is hot, sometimes he is not... need more
knowledgeable_fan::ray your're right i just think gallinari was doing some of the same thing.  his three ball is good and he got hot for the knicks plenty of nights. plus he had play making abilities.
Ray7182770::You need a player like Novak to win a championship,ask Steve Kerr
knowledgeable_fan::yeah it is man.  I would love to be courtside to one of those knick game. unfortunately i am a middle class single father.  and aside from winning some contest or lottery. i will never see courtside knicks lakers.  almost tearing up at reality.  lol
amarefan2007::You need multiple 3-ball shooters in the D'Antoni system. Smith and Novak are good, you could use one more.  It is the most entertaining basketball on the planet. It can also win championships, if 2007 is any indication. Thank Horry and Stern for missing that one.
oa92000::where &amp; how do you get one more???
knowledgeable_fan::woah i dont know about that.  maybe at this moment but remember gallinari could get you a double double and had alot of upside.  novak is at his peak as we speake.  he will always be a guy who plays decent defense and can hit shots.  gallinari could shot handle pass and rebound.
amarefan2007::BD is looking good. 8 assists in 15 minutes. He is very gifted, and if he commits to team play, look out!
ThanksForTheRide::And he's all class even after losing the starting job that was supposed to be his.
knowledgeable_fan::im telling you he gets even close to his past ability the knicks have arguably the best pg tandem in the nba no question.  who off anybodys bench is matching up against a healthy baron.  i tell you know one.
amarefan2007::Yes, his past ability was incredible.
knowledgeable_fan::man imagine amare gets back to his level some how the lakers get a pg and the celts just get there heads out there but man the nba would be unbelievable.  you talking about Lakers Knicks Heat Boston Bulls OKC Clippers.  im getting a woody just thinking about the possible playoff match ups. wooo
2bmeizez::Pau fights with the scorer's mentality which Kobe has tried to help him with but he doesn't have that killer instinct to be the scorer he could be
knowledgeable_fan::i think the clips are fine billups getting hurt just open things up for cp3 to be his true 20p 9a  self.  griffin is still a beast 20 and 8 i think he is.  thats good for me.  better than gasol is doing.
knowledgeable_fan::could be, it iritates me how fragile his psychy is.  man just play ball man.
amarefan2007::I believe that about Bynum, but Pau used to complain about not getting the ball. Maybe he has given up fighting with Kobe about that, especially after all the trade talks.
knowledgeable_fan::people say that and no offense if people watched the games they would see what i think kobe sees and phil saw and now mike brown saw.  the guys dont want the ball.  pau looks like it hurts him to shoot. and bynum fights for position when he feels like it.  you can tell whether bynum will have a good nights after the first couple possessions.
amarefan2007::Lakers need that pg or go back to the triangle. Of course, the best thing for them would be if Kobe forgot about the scoring title and just committed to feeding the post and winning. Pau and Bynum would average 50 a night with 25 rebounds, Kobe would score 24 with 9 assists, the team might play better and actually have a chance in the West. I guess that would never happen.
Doo Doo Brown2000::I think that competition is good for the league and hope that team like the Knicks and Clippers get better.
amarefan2007::That would be almost too rich. I hate it that Billups got hurt, that might keep the Clips from making a deep run. Griffin also needs to improve.
Michael38061::Billups always getting hurt
SeanRJYN::in reality, I dont think the knicks pass the second round of playoffs, I do think the knicks will win the east and finished 4th and should get out of the first round
knowledgeable_fan::im going to having fun watching.
knowledgeable_fan::somebody tell amare to go get the blood spinning thing kobe used...kobe over 30 and still able to lead the league in points.  top ten in player efficiency per 48.  lets get it done amare
knowledgeable_fan::people who question the trade make me laugh.  if you think the team you had was every winning a ring you are fooling your self.  team ball gets you wins stars win you championships.  plain and simple.  everyone says oh denver is a better team they made out.  lol.  i havent heard one guys throw denvers name in the potential champion talk.  the knicks are a 500 team and there is buzz about their potential.  ill advised or not there is a conversation.  denver no conversation.  karl got his wish now he gets to enjoy 1st round exits for another 7 years.
knowledgeable_fan::baron is showing flashes. I just hop d antoni doesnt over think things.  and pull another switch when the knicks are in a stretch run and start baron.  baron only has a couple years left and lin is developing.  baring lin just falling apart.  the knicks bench is formidable with davis on it.  who else can bring a pg of his caliber (when healthy) off the bench.
Doo Doo Brown2000::Amare looks lost out there. With the ball hog Melo and the Orient Express taking over, Amare better get his head out of his a.s.s. or he won't be around much longer.
Michael38061::I'd rather for Melo to take it into the hole
amarefan2007::The real question is whether or not the Melo trade was bad for NY. He needs to work on his 3-ball to fit into D'Antoni's system. Right now it is Novak and Smith.
Michael38061::...Baron Davis held it down too
knowledgeable_fan::dude at times maybe you right. but loss doesnt get your layup thrown in the stands.  loss doesnt have your jumper graze the rim.  loss doesnt make me wonder whether amare can jump over a soda can.  something seems wrong.
Michael38061::I'm more of a critic on Melo but they both played better last night
Doo Doo Brown2000::Kobe is on a totally different wave length then Amare.
amarefan2007::Yes, Amare is more of a team player. Kf is right, he needs to go to Germany this summer.
knowledgeable_fan::I am a laker fan (my team needs help like a pg gaurd maybe), anyway.  i like the knicks.  unless your team has a rivalry with knicks I dont see how you hate them.  knicker bockers are one of the more historic teams of nba history.  saying that, I love what they are biulding there.  Truth of the matter  is aside from jr smith and a healthy davis.  on paper this is the same team as two months ago who no one thought had a shot at anything.  the only change you can see is Jlin.  lets be real he has made the difference.  turnover or not this is a completely different team with the same players.  I mean there chance of getting past heat bulls are not great but if this team can stay improving.  OMG.  seriously this year or the next watch out.  Lin has an offseason to work on some things and jell a little more amare maybe gets regains a little.  Look out league.  only a hater would disagree
amarefan2007::You could hate them because of the NY hype machine, especially if you are in the East. If the Lakers were in the East you would quickly learn to hate them. There are no glamour franchises out West except for the Lakers. Heck, some Laker fans hate the Clippers for their small success this year.
knowledgeable_fan::i doubt it.  people fail to realize storied franchises like lakers boston knicks. always have people in the stands.  i just read the other they that the knicks in there ten year playoff absence have always average top ten in the league in ticket sells.
amarefan2007::You can afford to like it, since the Lakers have had so much success under Buss (Sr.) Maybe the greatest owner in sports history. Having Logo around in the front office didn't hurt, either.
Michael38061::The Clippers are dangerous
amarefan2007::Sure, they were desperate. Those were the Magic/Bird years. If the Lakers fall apart for a decade, you will able to buy good seats at Staples. Fact.
knowledgeable_fan::actually i like there success.  lets our front office know to get off there but about fisher and blake.  they are not cutting it. it actually pissing me off about my team watching the clippers.  Mitch make it happen.
Michael38061::I got news for you. During the 80's, New Yorkers (especially NYC) were Laker fans. Others were Boston fans
Michael38061::I'll take all of Lin's turnovers for the position they are in now
knowledgeable_fan::dude people forget the guy is essentially a rookie out of a mid major type school ( yeah i know ivy league)  and twelve starts.  plus he handles the ball per possession more than any other point guard.  turnovers are going to be present. just a fact. but he is a baller. period.
Michael38061::Too early to think of an NBA championship for the Knicks, not to say it can't happen this year. I'm more interested in watching how they develop as a team over the last 30 games of the season. The second half of last night's game was a complete team effort and their best basketball this year. I saw a lot of potential
knowledgeable_fan::dude seriously I cant see how any fan with any basketball awarness can disgree with what the knicks are biulding.  people complain about defence.  i read somewhere that in the month of febuary they are top 10 defence efficiency.  this team keeps it up.  and maybe guard the 3pt line better.  i like there odds in the coming years.  seriously.
amarefan2007::They should win a first round series. Now whether they can beat the Bulls or Heat in the next round is unknown.
amarefan2007::The King will have his hands full if he has to beat the Bulls, Knicks, and OKC to get the ring.
Doo Doo Brown2000::The Mavs caught a break last year against the Heat. The Heat got way too cocky and celebrated before it was all said and done. That is what did them in and they deserved it.
Doo Doo Brown2000::So logically since the Heat are the only ones who can pressure Lin, what makes you think that Lebron and the Heat will have trouble beating the Knicks?
SeanRJYN::everyone said the same about the mavs last year
Doo Doo Brown2000::That may be, but the Knicks won't beat them in a playoff series. They may make it interesting but that's about it.
amarefan2007::Because the Knicks will get better. The game against the Heat was tight for 3 quarters the other night. Believe me, the Heat have a healthy respect for NY, or at least they'd better.
Doo Doo Brown2000::Knicks will be bounced in the first round and the Heat won't have to go through them. Now Bulls and OKC are going to be tough.
amarefan2007::Doubtful. The Knicks have a lot of firepower. Nobody can pressure Lin like the Heat did, and D'Antoni will figure out a way to help him if things get tight.
Michael38061::People, especially basketball players and coaches of the world, don't realize that there is a Jeremy Lin on every sports bench. There is a person who doesn't play that much whose talent goes unrealized/unnoticed as a result. Same thing happened to me at LIU Brooklyn as a player. They just don't give you a chance sometimes even when you know, and others know, that you could have made a difference. Coaches need to explore their benches more thoroughly without stereotypes and/or prejudices. This is why you have to love the Lin kid, regardless of race. On every bench there is a player with the burning desire of a champion. A good coach will find him. A bad coach will dismiss him
knowledgeable_fan::i disagree there isnt a lin on every bench.  for you to think that any bench has a guy who can step in to a game and put up all star number is crazy.  seriously the guy was putting up allstar number and if not for the turnovers you could say he still is.  i mand 19 and 13 as.  looks alot like a two time mvp pg i seen awhile back. just saying.
Michael38061::Lin was used as a last resort due to the Knick situation at the time.
Doo Doo Brown2000::"He got lucky because we were playing so bad," said D'Antoni.
amarefan2007::D'Antoni hardly found him. He was simply desperate for some sort of PG and almost cut Lin anyway. So I don't agree that good coaches will always find that player.
2bmeizez::It's a shame, a player that can't be stoped by any single player in this league has to feel more comfortable on the road than at home games. He has to hear groans every time he touches the ball like he's NOT a top 3 clutch player in the NBA. I want to apologize for some of these NEW YORKer's behavior. It's appalling
2bmeizez::I posted this a long time ago the fact that you read that post means......GET A LIFE. Can't be on here all day
tonyssoprano::Your Momma needs to apologize for driving by the Abortion clinic and not stopping...
2bmeizez::Your Mother needs to apologize for doing a horrible job slobbing me off
amarefan2007::Those boos may be excessive, but they enforce team play. That is a good thing for the Knicks.
Big Black Guy::Stop posting the same thing OVER and OVER again.. we get it.
Big Black Guy::42Wolverine21: http://espn.go.com/nba/team/_/name/mia/miami-heat &lt;-------------------They need you here.. GOODBYE..
42Wolverine21::MIAMI HEAT 2012 NBA FINALS CHAMPS
brownstribe44::typical michigan fairweather fan, you gave up on your Pistons huh?
army of bono::Well i guess that settles it.  Might as well call the season over and get on with the draft.
Count_IT33::I bet you used to think this too  MIAMI HEAT 2011 NBA FINALS CHAMPS  How did that work out for ya
i want bacon::right...a big white german dude beat 2 of the top 5 (maybe 3) players in the league.....Bosh cried...we laughed
stone419::cool, go celebrate with the rest of the heat fans
winterfresh98::Lin played better than Irving
Count_IT33::Irving had a pretty good game, kid has a bright future.  +13  &gt; -19
42Wolverine21::i cant barely stand newyorkers they gots to be the rudest humans on earth
KazHashi13::You sure spend a lot of time conversing with new yorkers for someone who can't stand them.
winterfresh98::Dont you mean you "CAN BARELY" ?
42Wolverine21::ur right my apologies
stone419::then why are you here? thats what i dont understand. i hate Bostonians, so i DONT go to espnboston. it feels a lot better than picking fights with them
42Wolverine21::cant stand em period
i want bacon::Florida........God's Waiting Room
Doo Doo Brown2000::For old fart New Yorkers.
stone419::i thought this guy was leaving?
Big Black Guy::you've never even been to NY. you watch too much tv.
stone419::yea, living it up so much that you spend all day on a knicks message board
42Wolverine21::we be livin it up down here
42Wolverine21::well i guess florida is better than sleepin in rat dudu for them
Doo Doo Brown2000::I guess people in NY hate it so much they come to Florida every year for six months.
42Wolverine21::im with u brother
Doo Doo Brown2000::If it meant you would keep all your rude and geriatric NY'ers from coming down here every year I'd gladly do that. But since that ain't going to happen, neither will me leaving the Knicks boards.
42Wolverine21::for real
stone419::only if you stay off our knicks boards
Doo Doo Brown2000::I know right? They come down here and talk about how things are so much better in NY and they crowd our roads and drive slow as s.h.i.t.  If NY is so great, do us native Floridians a favor and stay the hell outta Florida!!!
KnicksCuse718::i guess people in florida cant spell
42Wolverine21::they all come down here durin season trust me they make our lives miserable down here in florida they fat rud an act like they intitled to somthin
vplaskan1::For all the people complaining about Knicks fans "acting like we've won the Championship", and you don't want us to talk about our team playing well, then why are you guys on a Knicks ESPN Conversation board after the Knicks just won a game? I am pretty sure if you are a fan of a NBA team you can find your own team's board, and if you can't find that board, then just go to the Bobcats/Pistons board, I am sure there is no talk of how the Knicks are playing on those boards.
42philip::Goes from championship to play great to playing well. I think everyone can agree you guys are playing well. Just do not let it go to your head. with that I am out.
prrrdo::Must be time for you to mop the floors.
Big Black Guy::his lunch break at mcdonalds is over.
stone419::thank Lin, he's gone!
dhelem::why is beating the cavs at home getting so much attention?  damn, i hate the knicks
Big Black Guy::must suck only having 500 people in your city. at least you get to marry your cousin right?
gogi1004::LOLOL
stone419::because trolls like you keep giving them so much attention
Doo Doo Brown2000::This about sums up what the Knicks thought of Jeremy Lin.  Then New York considered releasing Lin before his contract became guaranteed on February 10 so they could sign a new player. "He got lucky because we were playing so bad," said D'Antoni.  Nuff said.
Doo Doo Brown2000::You're missing the point, Tebowmania was shoved down our collective throats and everyone outside of Broncos fans was pretty much over it after awhile.   Same thing is happening with Lin and the Knicks. Get it now?
Doo Doo Brown2000::No, ESPN has made the expectations of this kid higher than Knicks fans and Knicks fans are buying into the hoopla. Same thing happened with Tebow and we saw what happened to Tebow in the playoffs.
vplaskan1::Yeah Tebow won his first playoff game and then lost to the soon to be conference Champions, and to a QB and Coach who have won 3 Super Bowls and been to 5, I wouldn't say that is a bad thing.
Doo Doo Brown2000::He did get exposed and more games like the one against the Heat  will follow when he plays against championship caliber teams. With the exception of the Lakers and Mavs, what other team has he dominated?
Doo Doo Brown2000::I never answered your question, therefore I didn't dodge it. But to answer your question, everyone has a bad game in their career. Lin won't have much of a career if he keeps turning the ball over and being made a fool of by teams with winning records   The Hawks are a joke and if you say otherwise I'll lose whatever respect I had for you.
vplaskan1::Also it seems like you are dodging my question, who are the other players out there in other sports who have never played a bad game?
vplaskan1::I am not dodging the question Mavs, Lakers, Hawks, and a decent T-Wolves team on the road. What other good teams have shut him down other than the Heat? It looks like he has played better against more good teams than worse.
Doo Doo Brown2000::You're dodging the question. What other teams has he dominated besides those two?
vplaskan1::Once again, have other players had bad games against the Heat or was Lin the first one? And how can you be for certain that he won't play well? Can you see the future or something? All we can do is give our thoughts, and his one bad game came against one of if not the best defensive teams in the game, and he was making his 12th start of his career, I guess your expectations for him are higher than even us Knicks fans if that one game was going to be the difference between him being good or bad.
stone419::those are pretty big exceptions
Doo Doo Brown2000::He got exposed by the Heat. The man looked scared out of his mind. He will fizzle out.
stone419::Len Bias is the only one that comes to mind
vplaskan1::I love how he has had one bad game and it is him getting exposed. Quick name me one player in any sport who has never had a bad game?
Doo Doo Brown2000::Read the quote. He was close to being cut AGAIN and he got lucky because so many players went down with injuries. That's my point.
Doo Doo Brown2000::I don't hate anyone. Just can't stand the constant media overexposure of a fourth option bench player.
SeanRJYN::and you would have no one to h8
Doo Doo Brown2000::Ok, let me break it down for you. We both agree that Brady, irregardless of him being a 6th round pick, was 2nd on the depth chart behind Bledsoe. Next, we both can agree that Bledsoe went down and Brady got the call, wowed the pants off the Patriots and the rest is history.  Now Lin who was a third, maybe fourth option off the bench only gets to play because everyone else ahead of him goes down to injury.   There is a big difference between being second on a depth chart and being a third or fourth option and in danger of being cut within days.
vplaskan1::Oh that was you? You know you are famous now.
Doo Doo Brown2000::I used to tape the other teams practices for them
vplaskan1::So you know for a fact that Brady, a 6th round pick would have played, and the Patriots wouldn't have either drafted or picked up another QB in free agency? He had never played a game in the NFL and was a 6th round pick, so how can you say he would have definitely got the chance to play? Do you work in the Patriots front office?
Doo Doo Brown2000::No one can replace Brady in NE, same way no one could replace Marino after he retired. Bledsoe at that stage of his career was about over, Brady would have been the successor to Bledsoe no matter what because they didn't have anyone else.   Lin wouldn't have made it into the lineup and was pretty far down on the bench in terms of starting. Big difference between where he was and where Brady was.
vplaskan1::There is a huge difference between Rodgers and Brady. You don't take QBs in the 6th round to be the starter eventually, those QBs are selected in rounds one through three, after that you are looking for a good back up QB. Do you think Hoyer is the QB of the future right now in New England or just a back up to Brady?
Doo Doo Brown2000::He was the QB in waiting. It was inevitable that Brady would get his shot sooner or later. Look at Aaron Rodgers, he rode the pine until Favre was gone. Yes, I realize Rodgers was drafted higher than Brady was too before you point that out.   The point is, Lin most likely would never have been discovered if not for the injuries, he would have been cut and it would have been end of story.
vplaskan1::Did he still need injuries to get his shot? Who knows if he was or wasn't, he had never played a NFL game before and was a 6th round pick, players like that get cut all the time.
Doo Doo Brown2000::Brady wasn't in danger of getting cut was he?
vplaskan1::There was this one guy in this other sport I think his name is Tom Brady, and he got his shot because of an injury to Drew Bledsoe, and then there was also this other guy named Kurt Warner, who was undrafted and got a shot because Trent Green got hurt, now before the Knicks/Lin haters jump all over this saying I think Lin is on the level of Brady and Warner, I am not saying that, just showing an example.
stone419::ok, and he's been playing great ever since. luck can only take you so far, he took advantage of his opportunity
Big Black Guy::lol seriously..
KnicksCuse718::your point
stone419::ok, so?
Stuff it all in::42philip what's your favorite NBA team..
Stuff it all in::http://espn.go.com/dallas/ &lt;------------GOODBYE
42philip::Stick to football.
42philip::Read where you first asked. there is a reply for a reason.
42Wolverine21::lets jus spit out some facts the knicks suck the heat r better lebron=2012 nba finals mvp
Doo Doo Brown2000::Bold statement. You know you're going to get eaten alive for making it right?
Stuff it all in::he'll still say the same thing in 2018 when Lebron retires Iverson status.
oa92000::lebron is not a good shooter.
Big EL 42::right....tell that to the Pistons of 06
Big Black Guy::He's been stopped his entire career.. only when it matters tho
42Wolverine21::its not like any body stoppin him in the post right now
stone419::i think first we should go over what a fact actually is
Stuff it all in::kid barely passed his GED reading test.. don't even bother.
Stuff it all in::Proud heat fan since 2010. Congratulations.. now leave.
i want bacon::haha that's rich.....big Ronny Seikaly fan.....$@%! outta here.
Doo Doo Brown2000::The problem with the Heat is that the real fans are priced out of the games and the stupid beautiful people who want to be seen can afford to go and they are the ones who aren't there before halftime because they aren't real fans. That's why no one shows up before halftime.   Bet you a million bucks if the average fan could afford floor tickets for a season they would have their butts in the seats at tipoff. FACT
Big Black Guy::A "fan" forgetting the starting lineup to their FIRST championship in franchise history? riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight
stone419::clearly you do, i think jason williams was the PG in case you "forgot"
42Wolverine21::thats cheatin don need no wiki
Stuff it all in::including those that have been filling the garden through thick and thin the past 25 years? MSG has over 1300 multi-season ticket holders. Heat fans don't show up until halftime. FACT.
Doo Doo Brown2000::Most Knick fans have been "fans" since 2/4/11.
Stuff it all in::there's 5 people in a starting lineup.. try wikipedia next time noob
42Wolverine21::haslem, wade, oneal,mourning,
Stuff it all in::Name the 2006 finals starting lineup.. you have 1 minute.
42Wolverine21::since birth
Stuff it all in::LOL at all the trolls in here. It's crazy that you guys are saying that knicks fans shouldn't think their team is "great". Do you know what a FAN is? I suggest you all take a good look at the definition of that. If your team had, Amare, Melo, JR Smith, a healthy Baron Davis, Tyson Chandler and a rising Jeremy Lin, you would feel pretty damn good about your chances as well. It doesn't matter how bad we're doing right now.. eventually we'll bounce back and be as much of a threat as Miami. On paper, we are one of the best teams in the NBA and sooner than later it'll all gel. Btw, why are you guys spending so much time in here? It's crazy that you guys spend more time bashing other teams than actually supporting yours. Be gone.
42philip::It is jsut humorous that a .500 team feels they are the top in the league right now. One day maybe. Just dont jinx it.
42philip::Thats why we have a better record and are ranked higher than you. You must be worse. Delusional is hte best way I can describe you. There is also desparate. Your choice.
Stuff it all in::ok, you're team sucks and dirk is past his prime. now go back to the dallas forum.. they need your moral support.
42philip::Btw just because I do not think they have a good shot of winning does not mean I am rooting for them to lose.
42philip::you sound like the broncos with tebow. They didnt win a championship either. And I am a Dallas fan. Have been since the times of  Dirk and Nash. They are a good team but are not as good as other teams. They have an extremely small chance of repeating. I can accept that.
oa92000::Knicks is 10-3  with Lin @ PG..
Stuff it all in::what's your favorite team?
stone419::who said we were the top in the league?
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::on paper good and actually being good are two different things
42philip::Dallas was never ranked 8th in the conference. but nice try.
Stuff it all in::Same thing they said about Dallas until they won.
Big Black Guy::Pretty much sums it all up.
42Wolverine21::the knicks r garbage along w lin an melo
gogi1004::your garbage, along with your parents who had you in the first place.
stone419::then go away and talk about teams that arent "garbage"
army of bono::what a well thought out post.  your parents must be very proud.
htimsr40::To be clear, 22/7 and 19/13 are not "about even"  ... especially when one is a multi-million dollar #1 pick and the other is an unwanted free agent.
42philip::What does money have to do with anything? people compare tebow and lin. Tebow was a 2 time national champion, heisman winner, first round pick. That seems for off than those numbers.
akiva31::hey gay boys
cowboysspurs20::It would be pretty cool if the Knicks got the 8 seed and then got to the Finals against the Spurs. It would be a repeat of the 99 lockout season.
cowboysspurs20::I think that was a great ending lol.
stone419::haha, yea you would, how bout you guys let us win this time. youve had enough success
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::how about trying to secure a playoff spot first
brownstribe44::nice play on words my friend gotta love the old school reference to Tyson's punch out, that game was much better on regular Nintendo than it is on the Wii.
vplaskan1::That would be cool, of course I would like to see a different result than that finals, but we have a lot of work to do to live up to our part of that, Spurs looking good though.
stone419::would be fun, hopefully it would end a little better though
oa92000::they may win the title this year, how about that??
oa92000::http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&amp;NR=1&amp;v=VGR0qjXsY0w   LINSANITY
shakeandbake711evan::lin will win
getmine73::Kinck fans are so sad, they had Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson, Allen Houston, Bernard King, Stoudemire &amp; Melo but they think Jermey Lin will win them a title. Wake up!!!!
SeanRJYN::and the heat think that lebron, wade and bosh will win them a title too! so sad
42philip::Every player has a team obviously. No one is dumb enough to think only 1 player vs 5 could win. None of those other guys are big names besides the like 40 year old kidd.
42philip::I do not think you are fully grasping the argument. Then again Knicks fans have been delusional.
vplaskan1::But he still doesn't deserve all the credit, I remember Jason Terry coming in and taking over a lot of 4th quaters(including game 6, which Dirk was not very good in), plus Chandler, Marion, and Stevenson's D, Dirk has never been known as a great defender, so to say Dirk deserves most of the credit I don't agree with, I think the credit goes to the Dallas Mavericks as a team.
42philip::No, other superstars make it alot eaiser. he did it with no other superstars. How hard is it to get that through you head. He can not do it with crappy players but with a solid team built around him yes.
stone419::yea it just goes to show what you can do with a great bench, good thing the knicks have one
vplaskan1::Do you think Dallas will win it all this year without the same team as last? And if Dirk didn't need other great players, then why is Cuban trying to free up the cap space so he can go after D-Will and Howard in the offseason?
42philip::In other words it didnt take two or more top players in the world. Just the one.
42philip::It is the closes thig to a solo preformance there was. Its not like people associated Dirk with anohte player. Like Kobe and Shaq of old. or Melo Staudemire. The big 3s.
stone419::i dont know what point you were trying to prove, yes obviously Dirk was their best player, but it was far from a solo performance
vplaskan1::I actually don't think any one man will win a title for any team.
stone419::ok fine, Kidd, Marion, Terry, Stevenson, Barea, Chandler. they all played
42philip::butler was out all of playoffs.
army of bono::So Dirk played all those games by himself?  What a beast.
KnicksCuse718::dirk had a very deep  team u cant be serious
vplaskan1::Dirk has been in Dallas his whole career and never won anything by himself, Chandler, Marion, Terry, and Kidd had a helping hand in that.
stone419::didnt do it by himself either
Tyson Chandler The Beast::chandler, kidd, marion, butler,....
42philip::Dirk
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::agree, sad and pathetic
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::as usual you are wrong
KnicksCuse718::its much worse actually
SODAPOP PIMPSKI::not anymore then being a knicks fan
KnicksCuse718::what's pathetic is people like you on our boards
Tyson Chandler The Beast::He is a piece of the puzzle.
oa92000::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9_Bfd4DS2U  some fact for Lin
Zeus_Impaler::Knicks are deep, and they need to start the guys who are most productive.  Unfortunately, that means sitting Amare and Melo.  It must be done.
oa92000::it is all about style , melo is best one-on -one player..
stone419::its a good thing to have a guy that can create his own shot.
stone419::u are delirious if you think they should bench Melo
Man From UNC::When is Kyrie Irving actually going to guard somebody ? Kyrie plays the worst defense of any NBA point guard, his man either scores or goes around Kyrie and forces others to play help defense....the Knicks can thank Kyrie for the win....
brownstribe44::The Knicks gave up 100 points to a team that is very down except some young rookie prospects.
Stuff it all in::He's a rookie.. g t f o
bcboy081::Knicks fan need to chill i know its been a long long while since they have been close to relevant. Yall are .500 in 8th spot in the standings you haven't won the championship stop acting like ya have
shakeandbake711evan::dude no1 said anything about a championship
bcboy081::all the Knicks fans who are talkin about how great they are
brownstribe44::vplaskan1 do you really want to be as obnoxious as Heat fans?
bcboy081::the hornets aren't even in the eastern conf
42philip::Probably cause they are in first and second and not borderline making the playoffs. Is that hard to understand. Not saying it couldnt happen the Knicks winning but talk about it when you have a better record.
vplaskan1::Yeah when I talked about those teams greatness, I was just saying they haven't won anything yet either, I don't care if they talk or not, and I am not saying the Knicks are on their level, I was just asking the original post why they can talk but others can't when nobody has won the Championship this season.
army of bono::last in the conference would be the hornets
42philip::oh I was just replying to the knicks not being as great as the bulls and the heat. I just didnt think it was fair for you to say they cant talk about how great they are because you can not talk about how great you are. Those teams are head and shoulders better than you right now.
bcboy081::Yeah when people are talkin about playin the heat in the conf finals they are acting like they have won someththiing. I am not saying anything about being happy that youre team is playing well, but the Knicks are in the same boat as my team last in the conf
army of bono::The "how great you are" post was in response to the orginal post about championships. Posted by the same person and everything.  Again your reading comprehension is for $@%!
vplaskan1::I did respond to the original post, it is how this whole thing got started, I was replying to the original post with my first question.
42philip::Then reply to the original post not the post that is talking about how great you are. Dallas 3 seed last year Knicks are lucky to get up to the 3rd seed right now. Possible but good luck.
vplaskan1::Nobody was picking Dallas last year, it was all Heat, Bulls, Lakers, that was all you heard, Dallas was the 3 seed in the West, a lot of people had them going down in the first round to Portland, and once again the original post said "stop acting like you won the Championship" when nobody is acting like we have won anything yet, we just like seeing our team playing well.
42philip::the post that he responded to said nothing about a championship. It was talking about greatness. you need to read army of bono.
42philip::Only person outside of Dallas. You sir are not thinking clearly and again over exagerating
42philip::Was dallas not a top team last year? Oh wait no they were .500 and in 8th in the title race.
army of bono::Philip...you need to read slower my man.  The orignal post didn't say anything about having "a good chance to win a championship this year".  It said stop acting like you have won a championship....big difference.
vplaskan1::So would you have said the same thing about Dallas last year? Or were you the only person outside of Dallas picking them to win it all last year?
42philip::Those teams can talk about how great they are. Because they are the top i nthe league and have claim to saying they have a good chance of winning a championship this year.
vplaskan1::When did I say the Knicks were on their level, I just asked a question? Nobody has won the Championship this year yet, therefor from what the original post states, nobody should be talking about how great they are.
army of bono::He's not saying the Knicks are on that level.  Reading comprehension is tough, but read slower and you too can understand.
army of bono::obviously you know no knicks fans.
42philip::You are not on any of those teams level. Step down.
vplaskan1::So if a Miami Heat fan talks about how great they are, does that mean they are acting like they just won the Championship? How about a Bulls fan? Or an OKC fan?
vplaskan1::Who is acting like the Knicks have won the Championship?
army of bono::who is acting like we've won anything but a game against cleveland?   away with you troll
getmine73::Wow.....the Knicks are a .500 team
oa92000::not after Lin at PG
stone419::and yet here you are talking about them
stone419::my point is that you clearly think they are interesting also
getmine73::and your point
conlevis2::Novak needs to stop copying the championship belt celebration that he stole from Rodgers....who stole it from Freddie Mitchell.
shakeandbake711evan::Novak can do what every he wants
313titans::When you can drill a 3 pointer in the NBA then  you can rain on someone else's parade.
conlevis2::cause he looks like a d.ooshbag doing it.
army of bono::so freddie mitchell and aaron rogers look really cool doing it?  tool
vplaskan1::So you think he looks bad doing it, but you were ok with Freddie Mitchell doing it?
stone419::not when you hit 5 threes in a game
army of bono::The man is a fan of the Packers and Rogers. When you shoot 5/6 from downtown you can celebrate however you want.
stone419::why?
oa92000::I'll pick Tyson , Lin, Jared, Novak, Smith as staters..that is best fit for lin
shakeandbake711evan::nah tyson lin amare novak and melo
stone419::i like novak off the bench, fields is fine as the SG
oa92000::stone, it is all about spacing the court..
stone419::you keep saying that, but its not just about that, JR smith is not a starter, and neither are Novak or jefferies. they are very good bench players, thats a good thing.
oa92000::record says it all..7-0
stone419::and that wasnt the starting line up for any of those games
stone419::i'm sorry but i couldnt disagree with you more
oa92000::lin need space @ the paint..
313titans::HATERS.............. having anger towards  everyone  reaching success
getmine73::B. Davis should start
conlevis2::he should start....hitting the treadmill and laying off the cheetos
stone419::yea, 19 pts and 13 assts is awful, lin should definitely be benched
conlevis2::I thought Stoudemire was going to "blow up" last night?.....lmao.
KazHashi13::I don't understand why people are so negative about Amare.  Love him or hate him the Knicks are stuck with him.  He is playing bad but if he can get back to what he was early last season the Knicks offense would be lethal.  It's not that long about that people were talking about him as an MVP candidate.
Zeus_Impaler::The Knicks still suck, they're 18-18 with a difficult schedule ahead of them the whole second half.  Wouldn't surprise me if they finished 10 games under .500
oa92000::if they get couple of outside shooters, they can be dangerous
stone419::i disagree, they already have more players than they have minutes. especially now that we have jorts and shumpert back
oa92000::more is better
stone419::Novak and smith?
stone419::the fact that they are .500 is impressive considering they were 7 games under not too long ago. the arrow in pointing up
Doo Doo Brown2000::Dude, this team has been .500 or below for the past few weeks. How about getting more than 1 or 2 games over .500 before getting all excited.
stone419::the playoffs dont start tomoro, they will only get better as the season goes on
ACandOJ::Being .500 is never impressive especially when most of the fans are talking Eastern Conference Finals...
ACandOJ::The record of the teams Lin has beaten is 150-199.  When they start to play good teams more frequently, they're in trouble
