Jimmy27333::Good for them...   70 - 12  That would be an impressive LA record breaker...
vnam606::Clippers will go to the Finals
guidos89::the Clippers could extend this winning streak to 13 game until they face a 500. team(denver) they still got games against the pistons,kings, hornets and suns... LOB CITY BABY!!!! CLIPPERS NATION BEST TEAM IN L.A.!!!!!
tonichifi::The Clippers and the Warriors have pushed the Lakers to near "has been" in the Pacific Division.  The Mavs in spite of not having Dirk, yet are doing very much better than the Lakers. The Jazz are very much better than the Lakers.  The Thunder have lest the Lakers eating dirt.  Even, the old Spurs are very much superior to the Lakers.  So, bye Lakers and see you in ten years when Jim Buss has finished eating his big ego and maybe another Lakers owner would have re-built the Lakers (by then).
SteeleKen::what an idiot...Mavs doing 'much better'....so ONE game difference is MUCH better...you're a tool
guidos89::the Mavs ARE doing MUCH better then your lakers, idiot, you can't say the Mavs miss more Dirk, then the lakers miss Nash, by Dirk being out it's like if Kobe were to be out.
GeorgeTownDC29::Never liked Del Negro however, he is coaching pretty damn good this year and should be considered COY at this point. He is getting a career year out of Barnes, reviving Odom's career,  getting Crawford to play smart, getting 6th man of the year play from Bledsoe, and obviously he is winning.
kobepac24::I've had a couple of fellow Laker fans ask me if im happy about the clips. I told them no. " but their still LA" they say. About as much as the angels are LA. No knock on either team. Both have great teams the Angels have been better than my Dodgers the past decade. Clips have played far better than my Lakers. I gave the Angels a nice pat on the back for their title runs. Will do the same if the clippers get theirs too. As a native So Cal resident I like any title a So Cal team brings home ( Kings Galx ). But I only claim Laker and Dodger titles. Good luck to the clips and their fan. I look forward to giving them that So Cal pat on the back.
westsidestory87::You sir have my respect, wish there were more fellows like you. From a native SoCal to another greetings from Georgia!
Pack_Badg_errrr1::The Bucks are a joke and will finish the season at least 10 games under .500  and this is coming from an all Wisconsin sports fan....   No big time inside presence and/or scoring and we have two point guards both with shoot first, shoot second and shoot some more and then maybe pass mentalities..   Yup sounds like a great recipe for winning...
Antsea91::The clippers are still in the league? I thought they were banned for flopping too much...
Steveforprez04::Clippers &gt; Any other team
Kev0100::using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months back. I have made around $3,000 a month average using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find out more how the system works
Will Conroy.::You are freaking everywhere!!!
mike adams37::dcenate0 was posting alot about how the bucks would roll in this game and how the clipper fans would disappear 1 by 1 when the bucks get up by 30. i don't think he made another post after 2 minutes into the game.    after this $@% kicking the clippers gave your bucks you might want to tone down your pre-game smack.
Antsea91::Haha guess decenate0 got to you. Umad? Cuz u sound salty
I have no legs::Shut up you dolt.
k_nak::I have to think that the Clippers are keeping Billups and Hill on the IR until one of the starters or reserves get injured.  With the way this ten man rotation is playing, bringing in more guys would just screw things up and I think Hill and Billups know that and are being the ultimate good vets by agreeing to this.  If anything, Billups should just be a player-coach.
eric-bledsoe-666::when  its  all   said  and  done,the  most  consistent  player  in   the  clippers  is blake  griffin,u  can  get butler,barnes,craw for,jordan,bled,cp3,and ect.hot  but  blake  griffin  is  exciting  and  hitting  jumpers.
Antsea91::clippers w/ griffin = lottery team clippers w/ cp3 = playoff team
be_kool16::the most consistent player is blake griffin? i'd say cp3 is more consistent. even when he doesnt have the stats.. he controls the pace of the team.. sets everyone up... and his defense is tenacious.. one of league leaders, if not THE leader in steals so far
chrishmt0423::Surprises of this season Clippers, Knicks, Warriors &amp; Lakers
WIstormchaser2119::XMUS JAXON FLAXON - WAXON
KN_WisconsinFan::You know it's a bad night when Marquis Daniels is the best player
Ha Seung-Jin::This is what the Bucks get for cutting this South Korean star 6 years ago.
kevininOKC67::I started using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months back. I have made around $3,000 a month average using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find out more how the system works.
wisconsindoobie::If it's that sweet I'm sure you want to share it with all of us...Gosh that's nice of you. I can't believe this would be a ploy to get money out of me...Never!
be_kool16::really? where is this system where i can throw my money away?
brewcrew3_3::Atleast the Bucks kept it close
inphinity7::Good win guys ;_;
westsidestory87::Your profile picture looks like Lightning from FFXIII.
dem goats are eatin my damn skin::I made my first jumpshot in the draft combine. -blake griffin.
dem goats are eatin my damn skin::Im taking my talents across the arena this offseason to join kobe. -chris paul
ClipsAngelsChargers07::Notice Laker trolls on clippers boards are becoming a thing of the past?
Megatron818::Cause they're too busy pissing on D'Antoni on the Laker boards.
Rich01Mar::Its gotta be tough for teams when the Clips sit their starters and nothing gets easier.
sunny6jay::Clippers aint no joke
The Sweedish Fish::BLOWOUT
KikyExcel::Without (many) spammers and trashers, it's really less than 1000 comments
ron4317::Cool beans. The Clippers are keeping up with the Joneses. If they keep this up, they may just grab HCA throughout the playoffs.
legendjr_27::"The Clippers might just be one of the 5 best teams in the Western Conference." - Skip Bayless " The Clippers are not only one of the best 5 teams in the Western Conference, They just might be one of the top 10 teams in the NBA." - Stephen A. Smith  "Wow, I never thought of it that way. That's a very good point. Well said, my brother." - Skip
legendjr_27::Ya, I feel sorry for Cari Champion. She is so fine and she has to sit between those two knuckleheads!! I hope they pay her well because I think that's the only reason that show is still on. They actually had Regis on the other day too!! WTF
sunny6jay::the loss to okc with no butler no grant hill or chauncy billiups
KikyExcel::LAST WEEK, talking about how Phil Jackson would never coach the Clippers because their superstar is 6'0", Skip said, and repeated, "They stink", specifically (only) referring to their close loss in OKC.
Pau Gasol.::Losing in OT on the road to OKC without Butler and CP3 shooting something like 2-14. I'll take it- Skip is a moron.
legendjr_27::Who's the clown? LOL
ktan88::You believe those clowns?
DeAndre_3000::Man you gotta love this team they play as one
Jschlotty2::The Milwaukee rotation isnt the only thing that bugs me. Herb Kohl, the owner, seems to be careless when it comes to spending on the team. Everytime I've seen him at games he seems more concerned about the environment of the stadium than the actual team. Maybe its time to find a new owner that can pump some charisma and passion into the team.
squiddy45::It would be nice to have an owner who knows $@%! about basketball
BRAY5150::Is the owner the GM? Seems like he's willing to spend the money but the "basketball experts" are fn things up for you guys
Jschlotty2::Also I just saw an article stating that former Memphis Grizzlies owner Michael Heisley is looking to become the new owner of the Milwaukee Bucks to own a team closer to his hometown Chicago, since they can't have two teams for their city. Hopefully that will be a strong change in the right direction!
ClipsRunLA::Bledsoe gonna play monday?? who's our backup pg if he's not?
ClipsRunLA::you guys think we'll sign our 15th player?
airic.ad::I would think that he'd be able to play, but if not... Crawford.
daldevs::I don't think he's playing Monday.
airic.ad::Chauncey is the kind of guy who can come in a game after months of not playing and hit the game winning shot.  I still think Hill's defense is better than Butler's too, especially in the clutch.  Of course, these are just speculations because we haven't seen them play much this season yet.
ClipsRunLA::Player of the Game? I say the whole team
Soonerhopeful1::It's really Griffin, which causes much of the problems and mismatches for other players.. Either him or CP3..
airic.ad::Barnes for sure.
daldevs::He's been one of our top two players in the last 3 or 4 games.
Bhintage::Bucks give away another game in front of hometown fans.  Way to represent guys.  I'm out..... and disgusted.
BRAY5150::I'm amazed at how badly the lakers used Barnes the last couple years. He just didn't start doing what he's doing with the clippers. Vinny is allowing him to be himself compared to the lakers trying to make him be somebody he wasn't as a player
ClipsRunLA::good call.
airic.ad::Having Chauncey back will be nice though because Willie Green has been really inefficient recently, not to mention a defensive liability.  Can't have that in your starting lineup.
legendjr_27::"If your name isn't Del Negro, you're not black enough."  - Rob Parker
LAmarODom420::Comment of the night...well done
ClipsRunLA::do you guys really believe hill and billups are injured or are they just "saving" them.
daldevs::They're injured. And the team is bringing them along slowly. They're good players, but still both very old players, too. Gotta be smart with them, especially when there's no need to rush.
ClipsRunLA::i know they both practice with the clips n travel everywhere with em. probably right. i'm sure they are good enough to play but just don't to save em and to give teams fits later on.
airic.ad::a little of both
Kobelies247::Kobe play has to play 40 min just to lose!
ClipsRunLA::LO's comeback is emerging. imagine billups and hill back in the lineup!
eric-bledsoe-666::i will jiz on myself
airic.ad::I don't mind saving them until the playoffs.  Too few minutes to go around and they are not spring chickens, to say the least.
Kobelies247::CLips blow teams out and noone plays over 30min! LOL i love it.....
Soonerhopeful1::Every one does need to feel sorry for the Lakers...  To come so far and so high, and then fall so far. !
sportsfan4l1fe::Clippers Lamar Odom starting to look like the Laker's Lamar Odom.
Ustna9::Both former Clippers just happy to be back home...
Ustna9::or the Clippers Lamar Odom...
airic.ad::And the Clippers version of Matt Barnes is 100000000x better
GermanKlippa::Well, Lamar is back........) Good night from Germany Anyways, it still is:  Go CLIPS....!!
BRAY5150::Don't have any idea what you guys just said but I'm guessing its go clippers!! Haha
buckspackers23::Warum bist du im deutchland?
GermanKlippa::Besuch doch mal Deutschland.......es ist sehr schˆn hier..... Auf Wiedersehen......
GermanKlippa::Ja, das ist richtig; ich weiﬂ, daﬂ Milwaukee viele Deutschst‰mmige 'Einwanderer hat. ) Nun ja, aber ich mochte nie die lakers, aber L.A. fand ich schon gut, so daﬂ ich den "underdog" Clippers w‰hle 1996 !! ‹brihes, Du sprichst gut Deutsch....
buckspackers23::Ah, warum magst du die Clippers? Sie sind im Westen
GermanKlippa::Weil ich Deutscher bin.....)
Kobelies247::God its amazing how really good teams just KEEP winning isnt it?
Ustna9::Lee Mayberry and Todd Day are not walking through that door Buck fans...
Bhintage::Bad memories.
Bhintage::Ellis is a way better player than Jennings.   Sad isn't it.
eric-bledsoe-666::he is no doubt
eric-bledsoe-666::seriously jennings  and  ellis are  sorry  A$$ES,only  i  can  shoot that  many  bricks -kobe bryant
legendjr_27::"It doesn't get any worse than this."  - Old Milwaukee fan       -
