Ian K-wizzie::Why don't the Bucks play Henson more?    Would he ruin their (unofficial) plans to tank this season?  Henson is a beast.  He'd be putting up crazy rebounding and blocks numbers if he had 30 minutes per game.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::I don't know what this idiot coach sees in Zaza Pachulia, but it's really frustrating since Henson is on my fantasy team and puts up good numbers given his number of minutes.
James Winn::You do realize you're only talking about an extra 5.2 minutes per game right?  Also, doesn't center, so Zaza isn't taking his minutes.  Come on guys.
Melvin Hall::How bout my Wizards
Spiffy McDonald::wiz!!!
Jacob Dockter::okay guess i was wrong, no way bucks cover this in +7.5. i see d.c blowing this one out, winning by double digits. pretty sad fact that they can even beat a team without their top scorer at home. its not as if the wizs are even an average team, without their top scorer they would be right where the bucks are.  i think its pretty clear the bucks intentions are for this season. i put the total wins at 13.
Nick Mullinix::Don't forget the wiz played the Lakers last night.  Also, our two talented rookies Rice and Porter have yet to play.  That said, the Bucks are obviously covering, if not getting the outright win... Obviously.
Jacob Dockter::Nick Mullinix it dont matter now nick. i had the nets +3. which looked like it would cover in-till the fould for not reason with 1/5th  of a second left on the clock. sometimes it just feels like teams are out to screw me.
John Martin::The Wizards should change their name to Wall and the Rejects since all ltheir starters besides him are rejects from other teams. But then what can you expect from a team in Washington where the Congress and President, losers all, hang out.
Aaron Cohen::I guess Beal who is averaging 20 pts, 4 ast and 3 rbs a game in only his second year is terrible right? Try watching some actual NBA games before you talk.
Carl Wheaton::Strange point of view. .most teams are full of rejects. It's a chess match..you move the pieces until you get a fit. I like the way the wizards are playing right now.  If they can get some scoring off the bench they will be something to recon with. Don't get me started about the gov. ..it's always about the haves and the havenots..bottom line.
John Osaki Jr.::But if your a Bucks fan, turn back the clock and check out the great Lew Alcindor, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Aaron Cohen::Nice win by the Washington Wizards. They need to keep beating the teams they're supposed to if they want to make the playoffs.
Chris Smith::To those calling for a blow out I ask you this.  When was the last time the wizards won a game in true run away fashion? Its the Washington way that we play up or down to our competition so please hold the parade until after the game.
Victor Beauchamp::It's true, they get a lot of early leads but they always go away slowly. A great example was against the cavs two weeks ago.
Joey Seibert::John is quite Wizards are Ballen they need to win these easy away games but have had trOuble getting these W's win 'isn't huge but it would def show growth
Jacob Dockter::if bucks can win any game its tonight. they are getting semi healthy facing a team without their top scorer. its pretty bad they are 2.5 dogs with beal out at home.
David Steinle::Was worried the Bucks were going to pull this one out. Gotta keeping losing, boys, because the Jazz aren't slowing down.
John Martin::Alex Doub Is there a letter missing in your last name? Like an m after the u?
Michael Saggio::I'm a Bucks fan so GO WIZARDS! Bring us Parker/Wiggins/Randle/Smart!
Jacob Dockter::there is no way you can put smart in that class. Randle is even a reach. The only reason to tank is for Wiggins and a lesser degree Parker. A prospect like Wiggins comes around once in a decade, and is a franchise changer. Randle is just an every year normal first pick. Wiggins is the next James/Durrant. He will change that teams futures forever.
Michael Saggio::Jacob Dockter Aight cool let's lose more than Utah so we have the best shot @ Wiggins/Parker! I'm watching Parker destroy my Tide right now so i'm thinking I want him the most right now
Rilwan Ameen::Good to see the Bucks lose, they need a Wiggins, Parker or Randle in the worst way
John Martin::No they need one (all three) of these guys in the best way.
Josh Elliot Chaimson::These are the types of games washington must win to be a solid playoff team in a talent starved eastern confrence.
Clarence Bolssen::congratulations to the does management. you now have the worst team in the nba! way to reach for the stars!
Kevin Farmer::That's the idea.
Joe Knapp::Washington was called for only 9 fouls the whole game. wow
Jesse Blashe::Come on Milwaukee! Only a game and a half out of first place! Keep it up!
Jacob Dockter::what is the score of the game espn has two different scores.
Kyle Miller::2-12. Wizards in a blow out. Keep up the great start Bucks!
Evan Michaelis::enjoy the pacers wizard fans
Nick Mullinix::Why does Jan Vesely exist?
Carl Wheaton::To do the dirty work and that's what he does and he's getting better at it.
Brent B Jacoby::knight is TERRIBLE!!
Cathy Lavine Edelman::u do not have a clue. he coming off injury. not 100%
Brent B Jacoby::Cathy Lavine Edelman umm i watched him every game as a piston. you get a clue!! same thing as always, high turnovers, cannot shoot, no floor vision. does not take a rocket scientist to figure out he is the worst point guard in the nba
Melvin Hall::3 in row tonight wiz
Norber Montalbán Carmona::What am I watching? This game is HEINOUS. Awful sequence in the last quarter. It played out like this: both teams scoreless for over 3 minutes, Bucks up 81-84. Martell Webster scores a ridiculous 3 while being fouled, and misses the FT. Next Milwaukee play? A turnover and easy layup for Ariza, followed by an all alone extra pass 3-pt attempt... airball. But hey, the Wizards couldn't be outmatched in this atrocious mistake contest, so they miss another FT and let Mayo tie the game with a 3. It's like no one wants to win this thing. Now that I think about it that would explain this nonsense. Good grief.
