yanksgmen84::Wait until we get Sheed back.
rondo2KG::Knicks #2 seed, Celtics #7 first round matchup: C's in 5  Lock of the year.
Darrell3701::the only thing the Celtics gonna have a lock on come playoff time is the remote to their tv sets
LilVdog88::High hopes for the celtics be lucky if you get the 8 there is no lock for boston except being at home
DanNYC2108::Congrats Melo, you have about 100 games to go to beat Wilt's record, so don't let up
IllIIllIlIlIlIlI::anyone hear SAS just now? PRAISING the CRAP out of Melo vs DW.....lol!!! NETS were raped last night
Jubo699::In fact D'Inept needs relinquish some of his lala dough over to Ray-F since the latter revived his...   whatever it was...
World B. Xpensive::Best 3 in New York since King.  But nowhere near King.  Or the other truly elite 3's.
Jubo699::In passing, remember when lil bro Albert was a Net?
Jubo699::Carmelo, welcome to this Pantheon of sorts....  As much as you have been a fan of NYC basketball you are now an indelible part of its history..  Hope Spike and Woody come to sorts and film their common passion.
shomu1978::And this win is without JKidd and their two injured reserve bigs (Wallace and Camby).  Can't wait when the team is fully healthy when April comes around.
D-Monayy::We need to make a big trade to be contenders...    Amare for Pau?   Jr and Amare for Josh Smith?
yanksgmen84::Jubo699:  Amare is much more athletic than Pau. Plus he's been playing great the last 5-6 games, why would you want to trade him?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Just an all around dumb thinking post
Jubo699::Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers - Just an all around dumb thinking post...  Really? You would not rather Pau than Amar'e?
youngjoseph08::With (2) 20 point wins over the 1st place team.
wilmaso::thanks but no thanks....dude were second in our conference we will be good.
Manuel Karem::Amare Stoudemire is getting back into form=Dangerous. Felton is back leading to Tyson Chandler becoming a (slight) scoring threat=Dangerous. Experience old vets handle the LockerRoom drama come playoff time=Dangerous. Carmelo dishes the ball on double teams= Scary Dangerous... Miami vs Knicks playoffs=Epicness
Alabamian666::Can't we just agree the Bobcats would take out the Knicks in a seven game series.
youngjoseph08::ESPN should read all posts and if you say something this stupid you should be kicked off the site.
B..........::Sound thinking in Alabama maybe.
Alabamian666::About 10-10 in their last 20 games....that's a quarter of a season, what a joke the Knicks are.
Darrell3701::Does Alabama have any kind of pro sports
youngjoseph08::Raymond Felton was injured for 5 weeks in that stretch you dumb $@%!
bronxbomber62::Thanks and Amare was just coming back etc.
wilmaso::you said it yourself, a quarter of the season...let the whole season play out...oh by the way knicks 28-15. not 10-10
RNYC::Well they got out the gate fast. So there's that
Donnn45::Why is ray felton so fat when playing point guard in the NBA?
Jubo699::What are you? Some employee of Weight Watchers?  Ray does the job...  If you followed b-ball you would have noticed.
bronxbomber62::So find some other guys to get hot over...
B..........::You like your men thinner huh?
Alabamian666::Ball hogging.
Syrindge::This game was close into the forth quarter. Aint nothing impressive about that.
DourSiesel::isn't the 4th quarter where bad teams separate from good teams? LAKERS learned that last night. AGAINST A BAD TEAM!
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::30 ast to 9 turnovers is impressive
caseyhall410::I am a Magic fan, so trust me when I say that it is ridiculous to say a team was "pretty impressive", when playing our team. We make the Bobcats look good this year.
DourSiesel::the knicks didn't look that impressive, but they made the magic look terrible.
wilmaso::your not majic fan stop trolling. kncks won by 16 not 3
BlazeandWillieGNYK::Melo's gonna end up being one of the all time great Knicks.  Congrats!  Just warmin' up too.  Knickstape!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
joeysracecar24::He would have had more points if Raymond Felton didn't shoot every mid-range shot and miss
B..........::This team will be tough to knock out in the playoffs if healthy. The most surprising thing for me watching lately is how well Redick has done in the NBA.
wilmaso::cuz he's on a bummy team....
Donnn45::too bad it was not a defesnive stat he won a record with...
B..........::Thats not exactly why teams pay him. But he is a better defender than most give him credit for.
nba is the worst::Nice to see a knicks game looking more like the team we saw before Felton got hurt
garnolfini::Melo = MVP
Alabamian666::LMAO
bronxbomber62::So is your trailer park still standing after the latest storms?
the1010co::I don't know why--- I just don't like the guy.......
youngjoseph08::Have you ever met him?
cov369::its easier to hate than like
nirvanarox67::Using a bet system Sportsbettingstar for sports picks. I found this system on the 1st page of google one night searching for sports betting systems. Ive made between 2-3k a month average the past few months since I started following this system
69durango::Orlando has a nice base to build on...Nelson, Affallo, Redick, Davis and Vucevic.
Mightymoose02::Jameer Nelson sucks and he's not young anymore. They should have kept Ryan Anderson.
69durango::NYK are deep now that Felton, Shump and Amare are all back. When the old timers... Kidd, Camby, and Wallace... get back they will be really deep.
Alabamian666::Deep in the losses.
Johnnie Tightlips::Giants sucks, Jets suck, Tebow sucks, Yankees suck, Mets suck, Rangers suck.
The_NY_Fan::k
cov369::rangers made the semis last year and are going to again this year... coming from a guy who says these team sucks maybe you should try out for every team and see how that favors you. maybe its you that "sucks"
Banned Daily::Giants won the super bowl a year ago.  Tebow doesn't matter.  Yankees just win the division.  Mets don't matter, you're an idiot
Johnnie Tightlips::Knicks suck.
pfcsnow7::all this talk bout sucking from a toolbag named tightlips smh
bronxbomber62::Good point.  His brother must be loose cheeks...
Banned Daily::and you suck balls pus,sy
swishin-dishin::cant we at least agree knicks are better than nets
NYballer6969::I would bet any of amount of money that Melo took more shots in 5 less games then any other Knick that he passed  to set his record !
Rollintide08::JJ is finally becoming a beast!
swag swag 513::slow down now haha
HomeOfTheJETS::I remember after we lost to the heat and my boys put out the "Thats Amare" song.... I love amare but damn this $@%! had me weak  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K5bUMhSqBw
and1baller753::damn. JJ redick keeps getting better
Rollintide08::Yeah he was a BEAST in college. He has always been a pure shooter. Finally starting to put everything else together.
HomeOfTheJETS::LAKE-SHOW  Choking on sum dick tonight
inspiration156::lmfao
slamdrunk47::Why doesn't Nicholson play more? That boy is money!
HomeOfTheJETS::I Miss iLL Will (aka Wilson Chandler)
HomeOfTheJETS::was the truth for NYK
sidewayz7_85gsl::I know for real he could really ball
NY NBK Far Superior -::choke...
NY NBK Far Superior -::OHHH BEASLEY
HomeOfTheJETS::I dont know why Orlando fans complaining about turk. He is a expiring contract next season and that contract is a bargaining chip to with get you some great players back for him in a trade or if you keep him you get a hell of alot money off the books for the Lebron Sweepstakes
Matthew041393::Yeah but we've had him for 4 years and hes a drain...
HomeOfTheJETS::We had amare for 3. Atleast Turk hasnt been a off the court problem.... Amare was so bad last year my boys made a song on youtube and $@%! with VIRAL  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K5bUMhSqBw
Matthew041393::Turkoglu is owed 11 million this year and 13 million last year and 14 million before that and hes injured, sits on the bench and lets not forget averages 3.8 ppg! HES A FREAKIN LOADER like EDDY CURRY!
HomeOfTheJETS::I understand but u can flip him for a profit next year.... The knicks have to wait 2 more years to do that with stat if he doesnt pan out this year
NY NBK Far Superior -::Lakers are bums
BloodyButt Jones::sloppy nuts
HomeOfTheJETS::Lakers Choking
Matthew041393::Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BloodyButt Jones::Sports are alot of fun to play, especially when you have balls in your hand
HomeOfTheJETS::Lakers/Suns game is getting good. Wonder if the lakers will choke!!!! Dwight hurt his Labral again
Matthew041393::Good that jerk Howard deserves it! Or should the announcer say at Center 6"11 from Southwest Atlanta Christian Academy Dwigggghhhhtttttt CCOOOOOWWWARRRD!
LetsPlayScRyB::how is he a coward?
WillC1231::David Lee would be a great fit for the Knicks right now. Miss that guy rocking the blue and orange!
Matthew041393::Dominate as in.....winning back to back national championships???? 15 to be precise!
Matthew041393::Haha ohhh I love it! Hey my bad for throwing dirt your part of the SEC thats what matters!
BloodyButt Jones::you stupid loser I was kidding. . .Florida will always dominate!
inspiration156::me 2... another Casualty  thanks to Isaiah Thomas and the Knicks salary cap...they wanted to keep David ..just like they wanted to keep Crawford .. couldnt tho in order to free up cap for the big free agent summer
Matthew041393::Haha screw the brandon spikes DUI and The Janoris Jenkins bar fights and The Cam Newton stealing thief!
BloodyButt Jones::Thank you for your support . . .I'll try to live the rest of my life with my head held up high
Matthew041393::ROLL DAMN TIDE!
BloodyButt Jones::screw the damn deer antler spraying tide
HomeOfTheJETS::Free ill WILL
BloodyButt Jones::I love the Florida Gators!
Matthew041393::ROLL TIDE ROLL!
BloodyButt Jones::I like sports very much
HomeOfTheJETS::The beginning of the year I was a advocate to trade amare back to his hometown for turk and harkless.... If I was the GM I would of pulled that trade
HomeOfTheJETS::But his contract ends a year before amare's. I would of did the deal based on that plus harkless is a future baller
Matthew041393::OMG BRING AMARE TO ORLANDO! Bring him please get rid of TURK!
inspiration156::hell no Turk been a bum since he went to the Suns ... he had 1 good season and hasnt been the same since
chairguru22::Another reason ESPN articles suck... had to read half of it to learn who the previous record holder was. It's not like its the headline or anything....
BloodyButt Jones::true. . .very good point. . .did you go to college?
inspiration156::When Amare is on the floor with Chandler ... Tyson just needs to get his big $@% in the paint and Rebound and try to get tapouts ... thats all we need from him ... he doesnt understand the Knicks dont need his scoring when Amare is on the floor ..let Amare run pick and roll .. u just look for the offensive rebound or a putback ..in the 3rd qtr Melo was on the perimeter ... both of these fools went to set a pick for Melo and was about to roll to the basket lol  ... Chandler just clogs up Amare's operating space cuz he thinks he needs to score
