zoo_bear33::I am absolutely loving what the Jazz have done so far this season.  I had low expectations for this season.  I think we will make the playoffs.
The Amazing Chef::SNAP BACK TO REALITY OH THERE GOES GRAVITY, OH THERE GOES RABBIT HE CHOKED HE'S SO MAD BUT
Jmonyok4::I'm impressed with the Jazz . no matter what happens to this team they are always good! its really to bad the old coach jerry isnt there any more.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::like if you think rubio is better than kobe bryant
adam_keefe_fan::@thewolf1616:  I worry about your mental well-being. Clearly, based on your recent flurry of bigoted and hate-filled posts, you are not in a sound state of mind. These people may be able to help you: http://www.mnmentalhealthclinics.com/
kaptinkangaroo::Seriously though... I've seen some interesting Trolls before, but never someone who Trolls themselves... Something is definately not right here.
MNsportswopwopwah::"If not offered max contract I will take my talents to Chicago, LA, or 20 other teams that will offer me max contracts." Kevin Loves thought process.
MNsportswopwopwah::This division is too good
Mavsolute Beast 41::And that guy Paul Mill-soup isn't even worth a conversation
zoo_bear33::Paul is one of the best drafts ever.
utah_utes417::WOW the dumbest comment ive seen all week long possibly of all time.. paul shuts down griffin, the $@%!, and love.  wow dude.  please explain to us how he's not worth a conversation.
Mavsolute Beast 41::gotta love homerism...its paul freaking millsap.I hate both love and griffin but they are better than millsap any given day
GsU -3000-GsU::come on bro... Paul is emerging. He is learning how to become a go-to guy. i've been impressed by his improvement &amp; i've known him for a long time. he's playing well i hope he keeps it up
Mavsolute Beast 41::Kevin Love is garbage.He has no post game, no defense.He's just a pop-up shooter and now after the good percentage he had in the beggining of the season is returning to his normal trash % of 40%.Ricky Rubio is the only reason the Wolves aren't again the worst team on the league.
dukee till i die::u a hater wht dallas record this year
MNsportswopwopwah::you can hate on him all you want but he's not "garbage" his numbers speak for himself.
Ace Homer::3 Easiest Ways to get liked on ESPN:  1. Glorify Tim Tebow 2. Laugh at Lebron in fourth quarter 3. Say Millsap&gt;Love
BARNEY STINSON75::I wish Jazz fans would get cancer. That would make my day.
cougarfromouterdarkness::wow, get a life kid
adam_keefe_fan::Wow. This loss mean that much to you? Find another hobby to pass the time - you are WAY too angry.
GsU -3000-GsU::PAUL MILLSAP !!!!
thewolf1616::new vikings stadium =more worth then the whole state?or place or what ever utah is
zombidwee::: Hey wolf, why did you put yourself on the  $@%!$@ list like this?
thewolf1616::lol the jazz had confette come down after beating the twolves in a normal game ....wtf
thewolf1616::malone with shaq and kobe in thier prime= 0 rings lol
cliftoncc::Hey thewolf1616, no one cares what you think.  You're obviously a bigoted ignoramus.
Jmonyok4::I don't know idaho is a pretty sweet state for hunting
Lmarsh16::Utah #1 state in the nation for business in Forbes 2 years in a row.
thewolf1616::fricken worthless utah....mormons and nothing else.....NFL is the real sport and your worthless state never has a chance of a nfl team EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! your state sucks to bad to hold 4 major sports...you can barely hold a basket all team LMAO
thewolf1616::hell alaska and south dakota are better
thewolf1616::utah is the most worthless state in all the usa besides iowa and idaho
72jungle::what kind of loser responds to their own posts?  thewolf1616 kind.
thewolf1616::i mean what kinda pathetic attempt did karl try to pull????? I will go play with shaq and kobe.....and still choke what a loser
thewolf1616::mormons.....there about as dumb as blonde chics
thewolf1616::utah lets us know when u get to a superbowl.....thats right your state sucks so much you dont have a nfl team!!!!!!!!!!! DAMN!!!!!! whats the difference between utah and iowa?  corn and mormons LOL     FRAK off utah
rbmw263::Paul Millsap has gone off on, and shut down, Nowitzki Love and Griffin on consecutive nights. Show me anybody who has done that. Ever.
Topher78110::Its ok, hes just saying Millsap dominated only bcause thats what they said in the news out here. Im not saying Millsap's bad, but Its obviously the whole team thats doing good, theres no way Millsaps doing this on his own.
Mavsolute Beast 41::Dirk on one leg shitted on that scrub of Millsap all night long and the Mavs won the third night of a back to back in Utah...get your facts straight loser
kaptinkangaroo::Dirk only scored like 15 points to Millsap's 20+. The only reason the Jazz lost that game was JKidd shut down Devin Harris. Which is embarrassing. But still. Millsap is dominant.
NBA_refs_are_weak::aw man now love at best can only get a measley 65 out of 66 with a double double
minny snowta::Love taking waaaay too many shots and obviously missing alot of shots.  eh, it happens!  Good game jazz!!!  Go WOLVES!
Drewdle31133::Millsap is a very solid player, but he won't make the All-Star game playing in the West, where PFs include Love, Griffin, Nowitzki, and Aldridge. Especially playing in a small market like Utah.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::It's good to see the Wolves at least a little relevant for once. Still the bottom dwellers in the division though. GO JAZZ!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Millsap&gt;Love.
bulgarballer::The Jazz got the win, which was fun to see, but all I could think the whole time is, "we $@%!$@ need a PG like Rubio!"
kaptinkangaroo::Devin Harris.... SMH.
Opragman::Brings back memories of John Stockton doesn't it?
Utah_Dirtbiker::I missed the game but I was glad to hear the Jazz won.
MNwildBB::The Northwest Divison is scary good. I think all the teams in the divison have gotten leaps and bounds better than last year! In the coming years I see the Wolves, Jazz, and Thunder being three high seeds in the playoffs. The Wolves and Jazz still need a few more years though as they'll go through growing pains with their young players!
caseygreer2::What we miss isn't kyle Korver, it's Wesley Mathews. Think of how amazing our team would be right now w/ Wesley mathews starting at sg instead of Bell. Holy crap good
DTrimUSU::Matthews was exactly what the Jazz need and I still hate that we let him go.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::If only Cj Miles or Gordon Hayward could be that consistent "good shooter" we want. When we had our "good shooter" (Kyle Korver) we complained about his defense. Cj has been ballin lately. He has sooooo much talent. He just needs to be consistent.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Cj really does have a beautiful looking shot. He has the right mechanics...but man h is inconsistent
Utah_Dirtbiker::The Jazz just need a good young point guard to add to the team. They also could use a good shooter.
adam_keefe_fan::Hell, all five teams may end up in the playoffs this year. Question for Elias nerds: has that ever happened?
MNwildBB::I can't imagine so...There's normally always one team in a divison that is the joke of it. Like Minnesota has been the last couple years. If you go through every divison each one has a joke team besides the NW. Atlantic Toronto or New Jersey, Central Detroit, Southeast Washigton, Southwest New Orleans, and Pacific Sacremento.
utes PAC 12::Minnesota is full of nothing but asians and over hyped over seas stars. Who cares if Utah isnt big. were proud of where we live and damn proud of our sports teams.and the mormon talk is a little old ya damn idiot,  Minnesota is good for nothing, Mr business haha have it and your loss tonight, Millsap for MVP
NiteOwlMom::Exactly.
MNwildBB::Asians? We don't have any asian...
adam_keefe_fan::Now that I've been able to digest the stats from the game, a few things stick out to me:  1. Minny had 17 total assists. Rubio had 11. That's not good ball movement among the rest of the team. 2. Paul Millsap is a 4th quarter monster. Like, the scary, dangerous kind that hides in closets. 3. Rubio is good in a Chris Paul sort of way, and he will be better than Chris Paul if he endures well (i.e. not missing an egregious number of games due to injury after injury). He is no John Stockton, because John would make you leave the game covered in bruises from his legal, allowed physicality. 4. Earl Watson is WAY too good to be a back-up PG. He may be the best PG in the west, and should be starting for the Jazz (and if the rumors swirling around Harris' head being on the chopping block, that may be a reality soon). 5. Both these teams may end up in the playoffs this year. In fact, I think it's a really good chance.
NiteOwlMom::Minnesota is a fun team to watch. It was a great game tonight. I think Denver, Jazz, Minny could all do really well this year. I see San Antonio and Portland fading with the intense schedule. Lakers could fade as well. Memphis is looking better.
ProtoEarth::The Bulls weren't really a stacked or invincible team. They were kinda similar to how the Bulls are now....winning by a thread because their superstar brought them back from the brink of losing.
JazzOLwin::let me throw some scores your way... Bulls-118 Suns-97, Bulls-114  Cavs-75, Bulls-95 bobcats-89 all three games without rose
ProtoEarth::So they were able to beat garbage teams without Rose. Impressive.
JazzOLwin::HAHA this bulls team is stacked TOO!!! but not like back in the day. havent they won three in a row without Rose?
ProtoEarth::Boozer is so inconsistent...he feels like a big joke.
adam_keefe_fan::Boozer's -39 comes to mind...
ProtoEarth::Not really. They are garbage without Rose.
NiteOwlMom::So, record wise, percentage wise, the Jazz are the 3rd best team in the West. Unfortunately, they've got two teams ahead of them in the SAME division!
thewolf1616::jordon&gt; malone and stockton
caseygreer2::That team was seriouly hella stacked. Too bad that jazz team couldn't have been assembled the year after jordan retired.....
JazzOLwin::you mean Jordan Pippen Rodman etc.&gt; malone and stockton. that bulls team was stacked!
thebaskett::Jordan Pippen Rodman Reffs&gt; stockton malone
adam_keefe_fan::Adam Keefe &gt; Jordan
adam_keefe_fan::Kinda weird seeing Raja Bell play so well. Did he steal Hayward's power?
NiteOwlMom::I want one!!!
adam_keefe_fan::It's also weird seeing so few people with avatars... &gt;.&gt;
ProtoEarth::Honestly the places that people consider "boring" are the places you should consider going if you want a higher standard of living. I'd rather live in a boring state with better living...than live in a more "exciting" state where you will have to struggle constantly and your health diminishes along the way. It's how I feel even for my personal life....I'd rather look average and have things than to look flashy and have nothing to look forward to.
thewolf1616::Rubio&gt;stockton
Grubie024::stockton's assist count is insane.... so much better than anyone its ridiculous
thewolf1616::them 19 years=0 rings
Zhuang-Zhou::Them 19 years =15806 assists, 3265 steals.
NiteOwlMom::LOL ... Yeah, check back with us in 19 years. That's how much longer Rubio will have to play before we will seriously consider your ridiculous assertion.
thewolf1616::im one of the few twolves fans who will admit love is overrated lol
XxLeprechaunxX::indeed still rather keep him though i think
thewolf1616::twins&gt;braves
JazzOLwin::haha thats too funny! you can stop now! hahah ^this guy!!! lol
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::ostertag &gt; love
adam_keefe_fan::If you listen closely, you can hear the thunderbolt from heaven coming your way.
JazzOLwin::how do you spell doughnut? donut or doughnut? well back to my point, DONUT suck to be a t-wolves fan? Jazz-108 other team-98! LOVE= inflated numbers on a bad team!
Grubie024::TWolves will be better than the jazz very soon so enjoy it while u can
adam_keefe_fan::In Utah, our women are the most beautiful in the world because we force the ugly girls out of society and into the vast wasteland called the Great Basin. In Minnesota, the ugly girls are allowed access to the gene pool, which is why the women, on average, are not as beautiful.
thebaskett::there are a ton of beautiful women in Minny, trust me
goeast12::I've always wondered why the missionaries are so clean cut looking. Is it Mormon propaganda? Mormon's are the nicest people I have ever met.
goeast12::In Minnesota the good looking women live in the Twin cities metro and the ugly ones are forced to live on the Iron Range.
thewolf1616::shut up mormon!!!
XxLeprechaunxX::wtf?
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::minnesota has 58 more mcdonalds then utah therefore minnesota is better
xenosapien::More McDonalds isn't really a bragging point.  "Hey, we have more terrible, cheap, disgusting fast food than you do. Take that!"  Wow.  You got us.  What will we do without our smashed Big Macs and Cardboard Fries?
Grubie024::^Donkey^
goeast12::But who has the most Circle K's? Oops, that's Arizona.
xuix::And more white people, and thats saying a lot!
StockonToMalone::Minnesota has 0 Millsaps
thewolf1616::we also have more targets!!!!!!
Discount Double CHOKE::wesley jonson sucks a.s.s
B_McD81::And how many Olympics have there been in Minnesota???  Not that its relevant, but just for all the city-bashers out there.
Grubie024::who cares
Rmnica23::This sucks.  No Jazz games till Wednesday.
NiteOwlMom::Lots of practice time. And Howard can heal up. What's going to happen with CJ's minutes (and rejuvenated performance) once Howard returns, I wonder.
adam_keefe_fan::Shortened season my butt.
Rmnica23::what sucks worse is we wont get to give The Amazing Chef a hard time again until February 20 something
ProtoEarth::Cali is the best state? If you are famous, have a high-paying job, or extremely talented enough to get notice by somebody significant then Cali is for you. If you are not one of these ..then prepare for your standard of living to be bad and prepare to struggle worst than ever before, because Cali is place you might go to visit...not live.
NiteOwlMom::Might be moving to Mendocino County up north. Still pretty pricey, but being an hour away from the coast, it's not AS bad. Lived in San Diego County in the 90s. Loved it. Rented a tiny one-bedroom apartment for what our mortgage was in Nebraska!
goeast12::I love San Diego. The best thing about Cali is you drive one county over and it's like you're on vacation. Orange county, Ventura county and San Diego county are very different from L.A. county. The vibes are completely different.
adam_keefe_fan::California smells like menses...except for San Diego. San Diego rules.
goeast12::I live in Cali and it's expensive. I wouldn't recommend it unless you are young and wanting to have a few years of fun or you have a really good job. You should see the dump you get for 700K.
ProtoEarth::I know..lol.
twincities39::People from Utah:  Here is Colin Cowherd serving you:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9icHBrDktc
xenosapien::Oh no!  I hope fellow integrity driven journalist Skip Bayless doesn't say something bad next!  What will we do?!
xuix::That entire clip was on the Brewers. LMAO
StockonToMalone::No matter what Colin Cowher says Millsap &gt; Love
adam_keefe_fan::Colin Cow-who?
scow79::You lost my interest after "Colin Cowherd"
YankeeBoy1180::Indeed.
YankeeBoy1180::You lost my attention after "Colin Cowherd"
PortlandBlazers1004::They should trade love for gasol and some peices. Gasol and Rubio already have chemistry and are friends. I feel like he would play better with a real point guard and they would be unstoppable together.
scow79::Plus Gasol &gt; Love, so it would be a good thing for Minnesota
PortlandBlazers1004::Love&gt;Gasol. But Gasol never had the opportunity to play with a real point guard so he might get even better.
goeast12::They are both beautiful states. It's not like they're New Mexico.
goeast12::kidding....kinda.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::hey, i lived in new mexico...i loved it
PortlandBlazers1004::Is Love gonna resign?
JR.Taylor34::think of how meaningless this argument is...
jeffwawa::Think of how meaningless this argument would have been without the '&gt;'.
PortlandBlazers1004::He should come to the Blazers. He is from Oregon.
StockonToMalone::Millsap &gt; Love
adam_keefe_fan::Neopolitan &gt; Straight Vanilla
TyrekeTheKing13::Jazz&gt; Blazers
PortlandBlazers1004::Aldridge&gt;Millsap
LooseChange25::And this is the point where ESPN needs to just shut this comment section down..
LooseChange25::I cannot believe the amount of stupidity in these comments from fans of BOTH teams..
XxLeprechaunxX::"other" lol nice
YankeeBoy1180::Agreed... Maybe they should create 2  comment boards. 1 for sports related topics, and the 2nd one for "other topics"
YankeeBoy1180::Such as politics, economies, and city/state bashing.... cough cough..
mn-wild fan::population of utah...2,817,222  population of minnesota....5,344,861  and minnesota's got more pro sports teams
mn-wild fan::it explains that more people would rather live in minnesota then that dumpshi.t utah
twincities39::I don't know how anyone could live in Utah.  They literally don't have anything.
adam_keefe_fan::Yeah, that's kind of the point. It's called "open air" and "nature".
scow79::And this is a bad thing how?
adam_keefe_fan::I like my space out west.
StockonToMalone::It doesn't matter cause Millsap &gt; Love
TyrekeTheKing13::yes haha
TyrekeTheKing13::population? why?
kam_moto::He's from minnesota, is that explanation enough?
StockonToMalone::.
adam_keefe_fan::LIKE IT! LIKE IT NOW!
XxLeprechaunxX::truer words were never spoken
twincities39::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Table_of_United_States_Metropolitan_Statistical_Areas  No wonder why your pathetic state has only 1 pro sports team.  Terrible television market. Your biggest metro area is barely above 1 mill. LOL. Good for 50th. Utah is even more pathetic than I thought.
Comeonnn::Go look up top places to live in the US.  Maybe you can learn something worth while there with professionals who take things that actually matter into account when selecting good locations to live
xuix::You should come to Salt Lake sometime. Whatever it is you want to do in crowded cities, there is a place to do here. Utah is the most livable state in the US.
goeast12::Al Jefferson? There's a load of wasted potential.
jdubya24::Al Jefferson outplayed K. Love tonight.
Comeonnn::So based upon your logic you should go move to Mexic City?  I think the countries of China or India are calling your name.  Based om population you should just love it there dumb@ss
jdubya24::Ask Al Jefferson which place is better...
TAC0REV::It takes an extremely butthurt individual to go searching the internet for a bunch of meaningless statistics in attempts to rag on a city you've probably never been to. Get over it big guy, it's just one loss
scow79::Yes, bc less people is a problem
StockonToMalone::And Millsap is still &gt; Love
TyrekeTheKing13::calis the best state people go there for a reason Minnesota sucks
adam_keefe_fan::LIKE YOUR OWN POSTS! WOOOO!
StockonToMalone::I didn't either
scow79::Sure you didn't...
TyrekeTheKing13::wow haha
kam_moto::i like my own posts
van.muhle::I like it when people like their own posts
TyrekeTheKing13::i didnt like my own post?
YankeeBoy1180::So... about the game... :)
ProtoEarth::Okay seriously who are the people that would actually go to Minnesota willingly without any obligations? Seriously...I want to meet those people because that is just insane to me.
XxLeprechaunxX::I love my state (MN) and would never move
B_McD81::except for the best snow on earth..... wait, there's no snow this year.
twincities39::20 fortune 500 companies are laughing at you.  Minnesota is full of money. Utah is full of nothing.
van.muhle::your trying way too hard,  keep it up though, your always good for a laugh
xuix::UTAH: calmer winters, better skiing, best football rivalry in the NCAA, better jobs MINNESOTA: countless losing sports teams, below 0 weather, a big mall...  I'm so glad I live in SLC.
xenosapien::Utah vs BYU has no more luster since they both went their separate ways.  Which is a shame, because it really was one of the best.
B_McD81::each fan could have their own private lake...
xuix::Minnesota: the land of 10,000 fans.
goeast12::Minny has more than 10,000 lakes and the north woods along with loads of cultural resources.  Utah has Josh Groban and a boy's choir. Although I do like Utah.
mn-wild fan::land of 10,000 lakes.................    and don't forget, THE STATE OF HOCKEY......
xuix::Utah: 2.96/gallon Minnesota: 3.29/ gallon
scow79::So corporations make a state better?   lol    I'll take Utah.   Less corporate greed
TyrekeTheKing13::calis better then both
Comeonnn::In Cali, you have to press 2 if you want english
kam_moto::The ppl there elected Arnold Schwarzenegger as Governor should i go on?
kam_moto::Its in Debt? and a $@%! hole
TyrekeTheKing13::anything else bad about it?
kam_moto::Gun Laws suck no its not
twincities39::Minnesota= money Utah= state of nothing
StockonToMalone::Arches, Bryce, Zion, Moab, SLC &gt; minneapolis
The Amazing Chef::Why are you guys so mean? Its not even funny!
B_McD81::Best Power Forwards in the league: 1. Paul Millsap 2. Kevin Love 3. Dirk Nowitski 4. Blake Griffin  So why is Millsap on the top???  Because in the Jazz's last 3 games, he has matched up against each one of them, and outplayed them all.
JazzOLwin::Id take dirk over k love
LooseChange25::Your right.  A 3 game sample is sufficient enough to label the guy the best in the league at his position.
jdubya24::Best comment all night!
The Amazing Chef::Millsap&gt;Love my @$$ you guys suck go wolves Love&gt;Millsap
kam_moto::Millsap&gt;Love is truth sorry
