xboarder84::Why is Ryan Hollins still wearing a jersey? I nearly broke my TV last night yelling at him. He constantly lost his defensive assignment, was always drawn away from the hoop, looked lost on offense, and despite being one of the only 7 footers on the floor, had only 3 rebounds in 17 minutes. In addition he took jump shots. Jump shots!!! I have never seen someone as tall as him have such little talent. He's a HUGE liability on the court and has no basketball IQ at all. There were so many open looks and easy put backs by the Raptors because that dufus would go try and defend on the perimeter or double team someone just because.   Semih Erden get better now! This team desperately needs you!
NBASantas::Man, the Cavs look rough...without Shaq-a-claus, they're on the naughty list; http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/just-another-shaq-claus-thursday.html
TheTristanShow::they're 3-3?
mjoskar::Isn't that funny no post about that ball sharing Cavs offense after a loss to a lotto team, but beat a lotto team. The hype is off the charts.
1mproperDancing::The Cavs' legs clearly didn't clear customs.
Freddie4246::vote for brian scalabrine for allstar game
Joeschmo loves Heat::On a more positive note, at least Cavs are immediately looking 5 times better than they were last year.
1mproperDancing::It's not about the record.  It's about how the team looks on the court.  They sucked last night, but you can see that these guys actually like each other.  They no longer look shellshocked that LeBron left.  They use teamwork.  It's just a different team, and you can tell the difference if, like me, you watched almost every game last year.  I fully expect this team to have a bad record this year.  Maybe even worse than last year due to the shortened training camp, tough schedule, and lack of veterans on the roster.  I'm fine with that because I see progress on the court.  They are buying into Scott's system, sharing the ball, and looking like a legitimate team with some legitimate talent.  They are just too young, inexperienced, and not quite talented enough overall to deal with such a brutal schedule.  They're going to hit some high notes and blow out teams they should either lose to or barely beat, but there are going to be nights like tonight where they look dead in the water.
inter2010clchamps::cavs started 4-3 last year. Other then that Andrea is finally showing some defensive talent. we knew he was an offensive all star but now that he is playing d he can actually be an all star
Vote for Brian Scalabrine 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in LA.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB
RayKrebbs1978::At this point after playing them twice, the Toronto Raptors are to Kyrie Irving like the fourth quarter in a playoff game is to LeBron James.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_7
SammiBoyy::Gotta love Cavs fans. Probably the most respectable.
xboarder84::Both teams felt the sting of the CHeat. A little humility will drive out all the bandwagon fans. Good to see the true fans still love the sport and follow their teams. Best of luck to the Raptors, you guys look quite impressive.
1mproperDancing::It's hard to hate a team that isn't your rival and is also probably going to be pretty bad this year.  We're all in the same rebuilding boat, trying to get better.    Granted, I talked some smack to my friends that are Bobcats fans last night, but that's because I live in Charlotte.  :P
dabadanman86::It's easy to lose when the other teams fans are this classy.
A Red Stapler::So much sportsmanship in here tonight. Should have seen the Bulls/Hawks chat last night. Ouch.
Raptorsfan080::thank you!!! :)
ctownbrown16::thank you man... most of the raptor fans were respectable as well
Kinga1024::wow i predicted that calderon would embarass Irving in an earlier post welcome to spanish class Kyrie
ctownbrown16::yeah that didn't happen... you were wrong... keep drinking your spanish kool aid
Giggityiggity::I wouldn't say he embarrassed him.  Irving missed a lot of good looks and he had 3 teammates go 0-for.  Jose is a good PG though and no Cavs fan is going to argue whose starting lineup is more talented.  GG.
perrypete::cavs starting lineup is better!  what are you talking about?  calderon far from embarassed irving.  irving had an off night and will be a great point guard once he leaves cleveland!
Stephen2774::Good game Raptors. We're young and still learning, so I don't think we've given you our best game yet.  You've had some of the same problems as us, so it's good to see you having some success.  Lead the way and make some noise in the NBA, and in the future the Raptors and the Cavs will be the cream of the crop.  Good luck.  Go Cavs
SWEET DYNAMITE::FEAR THE WOLVES!!! WOLVES VS CAVS ON FRIDAY! FEAR THE WOLVES!
Centennial2009::Wolves will win come friday night. Beasley is the x factor.
Giggityiggity::I hear ya King, but the NBA is all about match-ups.  We have no one to match up with Bargnani and it's showed the 2 games we've played them.  I think our team matches up well with the Wolves outside of Kevin Love.  I'm also giving the Cavs a pass tonight as they had to fly out of Cleveland late last night and into Toronto this morning to play in the evening.  That's not an easy thing for any team to do let alone one this inexperienced.
KingGeorge53::I will say this giggity, if the Cavs play like this Friday, I'll be fearful of any team.
Giggityiggity::Ya, I fear the 2-4 Wolves.  Not so much.
66detroitlions::Srange to see the raps play solid D well done.
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::this rock the raptors have in there dressing room is really working i think the leafs should put a rock in there dressing room too maybe it will fix there PK
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::they should try it they have nothing to lose
TheTristanShow::Oh... we have the Lake Erie Monsters! Have you heard of them? Best hockey team EVER.
wnsj89::yes, they are in the same AHL division as the Toronto Marlies
gri400::nothing fixing that PK, but pound the rock anyway. seems to be working for the raps
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::yes Toronto maple leafs
TheTristanShow::Hockey?
neumerr::Wow i predicted this outcome in an earlier post .. 15 point victory Raps
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::are u the same guy who said the canadian kid would do nothing at home because of nerves ???
1mproperDancing::I think it had more to do with the Cavs being on the second night of their first back-to-back and being filled with young players and rookies.  They just weren't ready for this.  Their legs were dead.
KingGeorge53::I don't think nerves had anything to do with it.   I think a heavy dose of the Raptors Bigs playing D and playing hard D at that under the bucket had more to do with that.
ctownbrown16::HAHAHAHA i remember that... congrats on your win!
TheTristanShow::same haha. Nice prediction.
KingGeorge53::Good game for the Raptors and their fans.    Set back for the Cavaliers.
KingGeorge53::Earlier I said the Raptors are strong in SF.   I meant SG.     Geesch...
KingGeorge53::I don't think either of our teams are going to be confused with a PO team as they stand tonight.    However, the Raptors are ahead of the curve with your PG, SG and C.    And I mean by a long shot (no pun intended).
gri400::right now sure, but I'd say the cavs have the edge on rebuilding and potential, irving should be great and thompson is a Beast, as a team the raps have an edge but as a rebuilding team (which both are) the cavs are ahead, future looks bright for both though
KingGeorge53::gre400, the first game we played it was the same thing.    The Raptors shot lights out.   Although in that first meeting, at least the Cavs made a concerted effort to make a comeback.    There wasn't anything close to a comeback in this game.   If your coach was less classy, that guy on South Beach would be tweeting another "karma" twitter about now.
gri400::all true, it's not like we are a great team but our best players are all in positions that matchup well for us, bargs will cause problems because of his shooting, and even though irving will be a great player jose uses his vision (and shot) to run an offense to expose the weakness. Its not like the teams are so different in the standings, but matchup wise everything works out for us
KingGeorge53::another e.g. would be Bargnani and his jump shot.    Mullins of the Bobcats was hitting his fade away jumper last night and Andy couldn't cover it.    So, Kyrie did a doulbe up on him and that basically stopped him for the rest of the night.    No one seemed to help, their D rotations out of whack tonight (like the opener).    Just flat out, the Raptors had the Cavs on their heals from the get go.
KingGeorge53::Actually, I never thought of that.   Seriously.    But you're right on.    The Raptors are strong in pg, sf, and C.    Exactly what the Cavs need to draft in 2012.     Any time we have Ryan Hollins getting that many minutes, you know we're in trouble.    That was a bad match up.  There's only one team that's given the Cavs trouble this season... The Raptors.
gri400::thats thanks to casey, our rebuilding team has starting to knock some sense into some of the players when it comes to D. I think the trouble with doubling people in this game might be because guys like demar and jose were lights out as well. after the 1st quarter the raps came out firing and the cavs just didnt seem to be willing (or able) to do anything to stop them
TheTristanShow::Yeah, that's true. The Raps are a match up nightmare for the Cavs as well. Big Offensive Center, Wing scorer, Rebounding... Sounds like the Cavs just didn't have a chance tonight.
KingGeorge53::Oops.    forgot to add... No one doubled Bargnani and he was having a field day.    Although, that cat is vastly improved.   His footwork much better than what I've seen in the past in both his offense... and i know I'm going to get a few chuckles with this from the haters, but dang, he's putting up some pretty good D as well.
TheTristanShow::We have to expect growing pains...
KingGeorge53::Yupp.   My mistake.    I'm still seeing Calderon going up and shooting when ever or where ever he chose.
gri400::that play was against Demar not jose but the point still stands, you shouldnt be doing that no matter who you are, it was pure laziness
TheTristanShow::I know what you mean. I'm afraid that there will be a lot of play like this in the NBA this season though... With games being scrunched together. The game wasn't on here (first game I missed, sooo mad) so I don't know what play you were referring to, but since it's AP I can get over it a little quicker than if it were Gee, Irving, or Sessions.
KingGeorge53::Yupp.    I can understand the low shooting % from any team let alone one this young and inexperienced.   However, I do not accept laziness.    e.g.   6 seconds before half and AP just backpedaled all the way to the Raptor's 3 shooting range and allowed Calderone to throw an uncontested trey down.    That's not a rookie.
tacobell_surprise::i guess primo pasta  works for barngani
KingGeorge53::Yeah...  You would've thought the James fans would've given up long before now with bigger fish in the pond to worry about.
TheSurlyClevelander::What does anyone ever get by bashing Cleveland?
lool574::Imagine if Kyrie made that layup against the Pacers! We'd be 4-2 with our only losses to a team we only have to see one more time. whatever we know we're going 15-41 but hey Kyrie is doing work! except against the raptors.....wtf
4thQuar7er::The way the raps have been playing D this year, it is tough to get a lot of points in the paint.    Kyrie struggled cause he does not have a shot that can hurt the raps, and he cant get to the paint without being challenged by the Raps.  He is a great player who will learn to change his game team to team.  It will come with time.
TheTristanShow::Positives... HARANGODY!!!! that is all.
rexnastdj56::Cleveland has really be going downhill lately, I saw kids with a head full of acid,  two queers making love behind the Q, a girl soiled her pants and the Tacobell, a shemale exposed himself to me , and a white trash mormon wearing a tebow jersey knocked on my door wanting to read me the bible.
KingGeorge53::Hate to tell you this Rex, but the game was in Toronto.    Just saying.
openlygaywvufan::Shemales are kinda sexy, whats wrong with getting a little d down at the qt
TheSurlyClevelander::So?
clevelandcavaliers014::Freak.
clevelandcavaliers014::Maybe that shemale was knocking on your door...
TheSurlyClevelander::I saw the same things in Las Vegas. No one thought that city was going downhill.
gri400::in fact its why people think its so great
T.O.G.M.S.17::i forgot about the game and turn it on just in time to see the raps dribbling out the clock. what were the positives and negatives?
KingGeorge53::gri400, you're too nice.    I do NOT buy in to B2B.    The Cavs simply laid a big fat egg while the Raptors were looking for a win.     Outstanding shooting by the Raptors... basically the Raptors controlled the pace and had the Cavs on their heals from the tip off until Ryan Hollins asked, "Is it over yet?"
gri400::agree, not saying its right to use B2B as a reason/excuse but to play a game fly to another city try to get some rest and get yourself ready and you arent 100% but it is up to the players to work though it, after all it is their job. clearly this doesnt happen often but this game the cavs played tonight was a mess for them, if this was a one time thing then you can blame being tired (such as flight troubles for not enough sleep, whatever) and let them off a little easier. It just better not be a sign of things to come. The bobcats might not be a good team but they are a good example for this, they play B2B and won by 8, but they still gave up 110 points. its up to teams to work though it, and the bobcats put up a good effort (their D wasnt good though), the cavs came but to say they gave 100% is laughable, tired or lazy it wasnt there
KingGeorge53::I concur.    I would also like to point out the Bobcats got their clocks knock off last night in cleveland, but when in to NYC and beat the Knicks tonight.    That's a couple road B2Bs.    No one there was guilty.  NBA players today have it all laid out for them when they arrive for a game whether it be home or away.    The walk in the club house and all their stuff is neatly laid out for them.   Every thing from several of their fav shoes to their jock straps and head bands.    When they come back in at half time, they have a clean jersey ready for them to put on. and when the game is over, the reverse happens with their fav soap, shampoo and towels ready.  all they have to do is show up and play.    They don't even have to worry about finding food or drink.
gri400::not trying to say it is reasonable but it can (and does) happen, that is on everyone to change it if it happens often for the cavs sake i hope this is just a one time thing
gri400::well that just might be the difference in people, I cant say i've done 40 years of anything but I give my all no matter how tired i am. I hope for the cavs sake it does not happen often as that would be a troubling sign, more so being that this season is early, it might be excused for the rookies after 60 games but not now
KingGeorge53::gri...   I understand that basketball is a tiring game.    Along with hockey and wrestling and possibly soccer, those sports do take a lot out of you as players are going up and down the court.  However, I'm a retired musician.    I spent the last 40 years on the road just about every day.     Many times two gigs a day.   I always gave it my best every performance whether I felt like it or not.
gri400::i''d be lying if i said that the cavs would have won if it wasnt B2B, the raps had control for most (if not all) the game, but B2B doesnt help for them, they looked tired and didnt put in a full effort, some of it might be laziness but with all these games being jammed together (even this early) people or teams getting tired isnt that out of the question to me
T.O.G.M.S.17::dang. i guess it was just that kinda game. hopefully the youngins can keep their head up and keep playin exciting ball. on the other hand, i would like to see the raptors push for the playoffs. i think they can be a dangerous team with all the offensive weapons they have. and if they play D like they did tonite then i dont how they dont make the playoffs
gri400::back to back on the road, you guys put a good effort in (antawn in the 1st half for example) but it looked like they just got tired near the end
TheSurlyClevelander::Positives? Not much. Cavs kinda laid a stinker out there. Not too much worked tonight.
ctownbrown16::TRUE... its over
i liked this comment::positive is that it is over......
gri400::i'm going to say it again because it gonna take some getting used too, the raptors... play... good... D! who would have thought that was possible?
KingGeorge53::Raptors did look good again tonight.    Bragani should be turing some heads as well as Calderon.     In fact, I think your PG is the most underrated PG in the NBA.
gri400::jose has been fantastic this year, i think hes a little underrated because he is a pass first/doesnt shoot much PG, i won be shocked if he averages a double double this year with points and assists, his defence has been good this year too I just might agree with you and say he is the most underrated PG in the NBA
tbcsundin::Maybe the Blue Jays bullpen won't give us a heart attack every game this year too!!!
gri400::talk to you later man
tbcsundin::good night gri400!
gri400::i wont get my hopes up, looking at whats around i'd go for garza but if we cant get him go into the season as is,everything else is overpaid/not good
tbcsundin::I heard rumors about trading for king Felix but we know the rumors are never true with GM AA.
gri400::the starters might take their place lol, honestly though the pen looks solid, not great but it looks reliable
tacobell_surprise::raps coach D Cassey is the biggest improvment this year for the raps. there buying in and playing D
tbcsundin::How about the play of Bargnani!!! He is starting to look like an all star!!
Raptorsfan080::agreed.
gri400::Jose looking like an allstar to be, been a great PG, passing is great he takes good shots and doesnt turn the ball over
Giggityiggity::And by all means, all credit goes to the Raptors.  They were the better team and we really don't have anyone to match up with Bargnani and that's not gonna change this season.
A Red Stapler::I watched parts and pieces of this game. Not bad! Minus a struggling 3rd quarter from the Cavaliers, this game was tight.
Giggityiggity::Let's be real, Cavs fans.  This stretch of road games is gonna be the test of the team.  They obviously didn't do well coming from a home game and flying into Toronto early this morning.  They'll have more rest in between this game and the next.
tbcsundin::Nice win Raptors 3-3 not bad love the defensive intensity!!!
TheSurlyClevelander::Raptors played good D. Cavs just don't seem very fluid on offense though.
Giggityiggity::They don't or they didn't?  I'd vote for didn't because they have looked very fluid at times this season.
TheSurlyClevelander::They seem to be five individuals out there instead of one team. I was saying they haven't looked fluid of offense in the three games I've seen. I might've missed something, but from what I've seen, it looks like they need to gel more than they are. I'm patient, but I'd like to start seeing it sooner than later.
gri400::GG cavs fans, two teams with bright futures made for a fun (one-sided, but fun) game, great talking to some classy fans. Cavs have a good future ahead, just gotta wait a bit
Raptorsfan080::dude theres no hate.:) just that one dude that really pissed me off. I havent seen him comment in awhile cus the cavs lost. but no hate. see yall next game! GOODLUCKKKK!
Raptorsfan080::TT should win it, represent Toronto!
ctownbrown16::Raptorsfan080... good game...  hopefully next time you can tone it down on your hatred towards us LOL
ctownbrown16::haha i will take a 2 man race on the same team
vanmeter_dan::GG gri400! Good Luck in the future except against the Cavs of course =P.
gri400::and hoping the cavs beat everyone down expect the raps lol, tcavs not not win much but they will sure be fun to watch
ctownbrown16::good game bro! have a good night! and best of luck the rest of the season!
tbcsundin::We got some friendly Cavs fans I see, I wish the Cavs best of luck on the rest of their road trip!
gri400::same too you, i'm hoping thompson wins ROY but i'll settle for irving
T.O.G.M.S.17::dang. the raptors have our number. just gotta move on to the next one.
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::this raptors team is looking good $@%! you bosh spice
wolfpackshaggy::cavs had no offense - toronto actually plays good d - respectable win
MikeD3321::Thanks for stopping by for 1 game.  They scored 115 points last night
Greedy_ass_HubCityBoy::Kyrie Irving knows why lebron left now Hahahahah the decision part 2 coming soon .......
clevelandcavaliers014::I bet you wish your mommy swallowed you.
bobmulchaf::hahahahahaha u so funny!!!!
Derek32421::Toronto has to be the luckiest team of all time  both their wins against the cavs were fluke  we'll see whos laughing when the cavs lock up the top seed in the east and win  the championship this year
Eillipses::Something happening "twice" kind of doesn't fit in with the definition of a "fluke".
Greedy_ass_HubCityBoy::u sound like Dan Gilbert Hahaha
4thQuar7er::yall dont understand sarcasm do ya?
Raptorsfan080::LOLLLLLLL
Train_work::You crazy
vanmeter_dan::Dude ... your making Cavalier fans look bad by this ignorant post.
yata9arasu::Oh God.....
Hello Kyrie Irving::HAHAHAHA  IM A BIG CAVS FAN, BUT THAT WAS JUST A BIG JOKE RIGHT? HAHA
gri400::somebody didnt watch the game
clevelandcavaliers014::I like the positive attitude but not gonna happen.
Giggityiggity::It's not even positive, it's delusional.
ctownbrown16::you're not smart...
Giggityiggity::Who are you?  You're an idiot. That's all I know.
Hello Kyrie Irving::Hopefully Cavs will find out how to shoot the ball from this. Good luck to the Raps too! :(
ctownbrown16::great effort Toronto! and to all you Cleveland and Toronto haters... go F**K your mothers!!! GO CAVS!!!!!!!! lets do better friday!
Giggityiggity::GG Raptor fans.  Don't let some of these butt hurt Cleveland fans ruin your perception of other Cleveland fans.
Raptorsfan080::lol thats good to know. Some of the people on here are realllly annoying and ignorant.
Train_work::-2  Raptors  second half  AAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLL DAY
saleenster279::andrea for mvp
yata9arasu::Good luck to the Raptors!  You guys have a promising team!  Go Cavs!
vanmeter_dan::Good game Raptor fans. You have our number early in the season. It's all good Cavs will grow from this. Raptors have a good defensive minded team, good luck with games going forward.
i liked this comment::hopefully the cavs will learn from this loss.......
JoeyDorsey4MVP::So, Forbes and Carter get playing time but not Alabi? Casey must not like Africans....
NoChorus12::Man, a simple game between two young teams and you Americans and Canadians have to argue.  Never change, you two.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::What are friends for, but for arguing?
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::jeffrey dahmer grew up a big time cavs fan
clevelandcavaliers014::That was a beat down.
TheTristanShow::Stop arguing lol... Raps 3-3, Cavs 3-3. Both young and promising teams. It's obvious that Raptors have our number right now. There's nothing else to say.
Giggityiggity::Cut Ryan Hollins.  Dude shouldn't even be in the NBA.  I know we don't have good centers but geez... I'd rather play Daniel Gibson at the 5 over Hollins.
Chris287907::Wouldn't be any worse
saleenster279::bargnani is better than dirk
