jags_12th_man::No Big Mac for you!
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Do people still believe the best player in the world at the time would just up and leave the game in his peak to play a sport he hadn't played since high school? It looked and sounded good at the time didn't it?
johndaker55::Let me fill you in on something since it seems you didn't follow the NBA back then... MJ's father had been murdered and his passion always had been baseball.
marting260::funny he came back and won 3 more...whats ur point??
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/02/kings-royalty-in-sacramento.html  The Kings are the FUTURE in the NBA!!!
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::I like what I see out of Cousins. Westphal was holding him back.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Rose often struggles with defensive assignments. I look for him to improve that part of his game in the next couple of seasons.
oogsalex::I agree that he has work to do in that aspect of his game.  I would also like to see him further improve his jump shot.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::I think with time that will come. there are a few that just came in with it, but I've watched Rose since high school. His game was always driving to the basket. That's pretty much how all of the Chicago area guards play even going back to Isaiah Thomas. Part of it is we played ball outside a lot, so the wind took your shot. But he's young enough to keep working on it. I respect it now, but if it was even as good as Paul Pierce's jumper, nobody could stop him.
illestprospect::He better or the city will disown him and his body will be found out east.
marting260::well u get out played by terry and  marion in the finals ...u end up crying in front of millions of people..and thousand of heat fans in your own homecourt!
illestprospect::No roadside. The bodies go in the river. And last year has nothing to do with it, only the future will.
brandonlee561heat2::"When you blow it in the ECF, you wind up in a roadside ditch. Dont wind up in a roadside ditch"
chadhenne07::i think every player and coach should talk to the media the way van gundy (coach of orlando) talks to them lol...i love his interviews
Dancing_Chalupa::Van Gundy won't be having a job after this year if the Magic want to keep Howard.
chadhenne07::Drose has a quiet confidence about him...its who he is...he is not a talkative person....but the fact that he has to talk to media he says enough to get passed them and get to the locker room.....who likes the media anyway....look at the way they treat lebron....media sucks....look at linsanity....
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::But the media attention is a way of messing with the good players. LeBron did what he did, so the media is always there messing with him to throw him off. I mean look at all the attention this all star game got. Look at all the attention each of Miami's losses got. Rose and Durant don't get the same. Dwight will get the LeBron treatment once he leaves. Especially if it's Dallas to pair with Williams.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::He can hire someone to teach him to say the right things like MJ and Kobe did.
brandonlee561heat2::I agree, its great to be completely focused 100% of the time, but there is nothing wrong with letting loose, sometimes. Of course the ulitmate goal is to win a championship, but at the end of the day, its just a game.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::I know, but the last part about which would he have as a teammate, he chose Kobe due to his approach to the game. I don't think LeBron is less focused. I think he knows that it's more to life as well.
Dancing_Chalupa::He also said Lebron is by far the best player in the game.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::And that is why Bird chose Kobe over LeBron other than they play the same position. He said Kobe is more focused in so many words.
illestprospect::It's life for them though
oogsalex::Why are Heat fans obsessed with Bulls boards?
illestprospect::I wonder the same thing. Then they act like its our fault
brandonlee561heat2::The same reason you are obsessed with talking about Lebron, very simple.
marting260::he probably is from here just likes to go with whos winning..
marting260::cuz u guys got him up ur $@%..its clearly about a bulls game..
Dancing_Chalupa::Dude, I lived and worked in downtown Chicago. It is day and night compared to down here, especially in the winter.
illestprospect::People in Chicago don't go on vacation. Flights cost. Too much around here but I just think its to keep the people from going anywhere
brandonlee561heat2::Not all are pasty white, they have tanning places in Naperville, I know that for sure. Then again not all of them are from Naperville
brandonlee561heat2::Ok.. that is your choice. You can be as efficient as you want, and I will continue to do what I do.
Dancing_Chalupa::I don't get near cuban women, nor the fat pasty white women vacating from Chicago.
illestprospect::Then why do you even post here. If I had the opportunity to work that much I wouldn't be on the Internet
brandonlee561heat2::"You're still here?  Isn't there a beach full of greasy, overweight Cuban exile women you can go to?"  Actually I work 55+ hours a week. But good try.
Dancing_Chalupa::You can hear more about Lebron in here than any Bulls players.
oogsalex::You're still here?  Isn't there a beach full of greasy, overweight Cuban exile women you can go to?
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Who would you rather have asking last shot questions A guy names Chadhenne07 or a 5 year old?
mrgetmine73::D-Rose has no personality.
brandonlee561heat2::I was watching his postgame interview on NBA Tv last night, and he did look either extremely focused, or there was absolutely nothing going on in his head. Was strange.
marting260::all u trolls need to get a life..stay hating on the bulls boards cuz ur heat failed last year.funny cuz rose is the only player u guys talk about $@%!.
C2Poke88::I don't think there's much going on in his head.  He struggles to formulate coherent responses to simple questions.  He's like Sarah Palin when she was a VP candidate.  Whenever the MIC is in his face and he doesn't have an adequate answer to a question, he defaults to one of his "my teammates" responses.
chadhenne07::he is 23 years old give him a break
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::I agree. The game is making him a bitter young man. He knows that the comparisons to LeBron will come soon. Especially if LeBron wins a ring.
chadhenne07::maybe because he is focussed on that ring and doesnt care about the camra....he is about the team and his fans
Cabbage Mark::Yeah but we like a little more from superstars - Kobe, MJ, Bird, Magic. Tim Duncan is kind of like Rose maybe.
Cabbage Mark::His interviews are like watching paint dry.
chadhenne07::how come we are not in the spurs room
chadhenne07::brandon we are gonna take care of duke for you in a week aight
chadhenne07::if u beat UNC and DUKE in the same year and go 2 - 28...u should get in the tournament lol
chadhenne07::yall should still make it though..u beat a few ranked teams...VT didnt get in last couple of years because they had a good record but didnt beat any ranked teams....lost to all ranked teams beat all garbage....FSU this year beat a few ranked teams...u guys should still get in if u dont its robbery
brandonlee561heat2::Yea, 10-4 in conference play is not bad. The beginning of the season absolutely f'ed them bad
chadhenne07::u guys will make it to the tournament...did u guys lose to miam after duke
brandonlee561heat2::yea, by like 12. Embarrassing
brandonlee561heat2::Lmao, FSU blew it. they will be lucky to get into the NCAA tournament. We went from losing the ACC, to losing to Miami, to maybe not even making the tournament. Pretty sad
illestprospect::You people are a joke. Two bad teams play and y'all are here the day after talking sh*t...I thought Miami was exciting?
illestprospect::I guess you missed 'two bad teams'. Bad teams don't have egos
Dancing_Chalupa::Chicago pulls off a huge upset last night and fans get egos.
IlliniDave68::Besa mi culo, puto.
oogsalex::I have a JD and you're the one named the dancing chalupa.  Who wins?
Dancing_Chalupa::Bulls fans love the attention. It's a break from your special ed classes.
Dancing_Chalupa::Just because you're ignorant, doesn't mean you have to flaunt it.
oogsalex::Even ret.ards deserve some attention sometimes, no?
chadhenne07::please to all bulls fans do not respond to this @sshole......u cant win basketball convo's against homer's
Cabbage Mark::The Bulls are a one trick pony - You stop D-Rose and you stop the Bulls. The Bulls need to get a solid #2 option if Rose is being contained.
C2Poke88::I'm not impressed with the Bulls "elite" record.  Their division is the worst in the NBA.  A good team ought to finish the season with an elite record playing in the Central division of the Eastern Conference.
oogsalex::Too bad the record book doesn't reflect "barely" wins.  Why do you continue embarrassing yourself?
C2Poke88::I meant "division".  I already corrected it.  But the point is still valid.  Partly because the Central is so bad, the Bulls have only played 5 teams with above .500 records.  And their record against those teams is terrible.
Dancing_Chalupa::Like you barely beat the worst team last night by the skin of your teeth.  You are the homer for sure. Bulls have hardly beat any winning teams.
oogsalex::Please come back tonight when the Bulls beat a top team from the "better" conference.
Cabbage Mark::You play Milwaukee, New Jersey alot you tend to have elite records. Check their records against playoff  teams, more importantly the Heat.
Dancing_Chalupa::You said they are 0-2.
oogsalex::Are you saying the Heat did not lose twice to the Bucks?
Dancing_Chalupa::You really are stupid. You should learn to read stats and standing before you spew your rubbish.
oogsalex::If the Heat played Milwaukee a lot, they'd have a lot more losses.  0-2 versus the Bucks!  Fan up Miami!
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Where did it get them and the Spurs last season? Chicago hasn't really played anyone. No Clippers, no OKC, etc. Miami once, and an aging Boston 2 times.
marting260::we did play the clippers..u must be a troll too
gimp1994::and Chicago didn't loose to the freaking Buck twice so what exactly is your point??
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::They beat Philly too.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Chicago, NY, Dallas, Boston, LA, Spurs. Beat Portland too I believe...............ALL WINS. You make my city look bad. Yeah I live in Chicago, but I'm a realist. Bulls are gonna lose again . Oh and Miami blew out that Indiana team that the Bulls couldn't beat. Rose played in that one too.
oogsalex::The Bulls beat the Clippers, you fool.  Rose embarrassed CP3 that game.  Wow you Heat fans are stupid!  Didn't the Bulls beat the Lakers?  Who has the Heat played?  Other than losing to Milwaukee...twice?
C2Poke88::The Bulls really aren't a one-trick pony.  They appear to be because D-Rose isn't really a true PG.  D-Rose is a volume scorer who kicks the ball out if he gets into the lane and has no way to put up a shot.  If Rose had PG skills like D-Will, CP3 or Rondo, then the supporting cast would be much more effective because they would get much easier shots and they would be allowed to develop a rhythm.  Teammates don't get much opportunity to develop a rhythm with Rose going ISO all the time, jacking up 25-30 shots per game.
oogsalex::One trick ponies don't have elite records.  Please stop embarrassing yourself.
brandonlee561heat2::That's why they got Rick
chadhenne07::i vote deng or rip
chadhenne07::who would u rather have the ball in the hand in the clutch moments......durant or lebron....game 7 of the finals....4 sec. left down by 2
marting260::durant...hes 17 for 50...wow
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::LeBron................. if Durant is there, you're playing NBA 2k12.
C2Poke88::If it's a simple catch-n-shoot, then I'd rather have Durant take the shot.  Otherwise, Lebron is the better option.
Dancing_Chalupa::http://82games.com/gamewinningshots.htm
brandonlee561heat2::I would hope whoever get's the ball is good enough to make a game winning shot, since they are both professionals
C2Poke88::That's easy.  Lebron.
chadhenne07::good luck..
her0miles::Durant, no brainer...
oogsalex::Durant, by far.
her0miles::Saints8365 Its the 4th quarter with 3 seconds left. Your down by 1. Enough time for 1 shot. Pick who shoots it.    LeBron James or Whoopi Goldberg?   chadhenne07 lebron is clutch actually.....in cleveland he hit clutch shots all the time...i dont know what is going on with his problem in miami   her0miles Under a lot more pressure and scrutiny in Miami. Plus Wade humiliates him puts his middle finger up at him sometimes (you know, the one with the ring on it). Meanwhile, Riley puts like five fingers up at him. Then, when he doesn't win, he gets heckled by his own fans, some of which are cleveland fans living in miami. Lebron sometimes has nightmares where he wakes up in the middle of the night terrified. Things like that get in your head and affect your performance.   her0miles Oh, and by the way, ESPN constantly over-sells this guy and crowned him King James before he even won anything. The constant pressure and stress erodes and eats away at you. If he doesn't win this year, this guy could be looking at early retirement.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Kinda like they did Lin? Rose? Durant? LeBron at least lived up to some of it. And everybody's darlings (Clippers) lost again last night. All that talent at every position and they lose. But LeBron gets more flack about an all star game decision...........lol. This is the new era of NBA fan. TOTALLY clueless.
chadhenne07::in cleveland he was a clutch player........whats your point...i still stand by that
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Jeremy Lin.......... What happened to him?
her0miles::you never count the first three years of someone's season. You start at the fourth year, then count. So for mj, he was a loser for only about 3 years before winning his first championship. Oh, by the way, he went on to win six straight ships when he played in full seasons after 90.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Does that apply if you didn't go to college? So LeBron who didn't go, gets three years, plus the 3 years window you're giving him. Which would mean that THIS YEAR, he would be on the same pace as Jordan.
oogsalex::Why is Lebron terrified of taking last shots?
illestprospect::Lol so. Stop havin close games and you won't need game winning shots
IlliniDave68::And you idiots refer to LAST YEAR'S ECF all the time.  What's the difference?
oogsalex::What's wrong with the 90's?  If your team had a player half of what Jordan was, you'd refer to him frequently too.  Rather get to the Finals...moral victories!
Dancing_Chalupa::No. They go further back and bring up the 90s. I'd rather get to the finals than get smoked at home and not get there at all.
oogsalex::illest, if winning the ECF makes you feel better about losing the Finals, so be it.  You don't hear Bulls fans talk about the glory days of getting past the Pacers and Hawks.  Idiot.
Dancing_Chalupa::Like Chicago, almost,.. won 2 games in the ECF? Almost.
illestprospect::No. There was no game winning shot there.
oogsalex::Yes, "almost."  You know, like the Heat "almost" won the title last year?  Why do you even try to argue?
Dancing_Chalupa::You mean like the Bulls almost losing to the worst team in the league, at home?
Dancing_Chalupa::Lebron has the "most" game winning shots since he came into the league.
Dancing_Chalupa::Read the stats. You can read can't you?
oogsalex::No.  Carmelo does.  Try again.
illestprospect::Cuz they don't play enough. Why the f*ck aren't the Heat playing today. It's $@%!$@%!
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::No...... They set it up already for the "good" teams to play on Sunday before the season started. It explains why the Heat haven't played OKC yet and the Bulls once. Those will be on ABC this month and next. Nobody expected to see the Clippers be watchable, so they won't be playing on ABC on Sunday. SO you'll see some Lakers/OKC, Bulls/Heat, Heat/Boston?NY etc.
illestprospect::So Miami gets their schedule planned as the season goes on?
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Because they're the hottest team in the NBA and ABC wants them to play every Sunday this month.
brandonlee561heat2::the same reason every one of your post's talks about Lebron
oogsalex::Who's using "everyone" as a scapegoat?  Nice try, pseudo-intellectual.
brandonlee561heat2::Nice, use "everyone" as a scapegoat, lol
oogsalex::Everyone talks about Lebron because he's a mental midget.  You mad?  Also, why are you even here?
brandonlee561heat2::I never once talked trash about Rose. But even if did, It's not like I sit on the Heat boards and  talk about Rose in ever 4 sentences. You especially seem to talk about Lebron more than anyone on the Bulls.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::They love the guy. Everything is back to normal.
oogsalex::You mean like Heat "fan's" coming to Bulls boards to talk trash about Rose?  Don't let the door hit your a.ss, little boy.
brandonlee561heat2::It's crazy how every 3 post's on this board have Lebron's name in it. It's a bit monotonous.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::He's sweet on LeBron. He wants to touch him.
oogsalex::That makes absolutely no sense.
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Rose choked when the Big Macs were on the line.
illestprospect::That wasn't choking. You think he wanted fans getting those big macs? Hell no!
robrenaldi::yes but he didn't choke when the game was on the line
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Against Miami? Yeah he did. And they struggled to beat the Hornets. At full strength.
chadhenne07::robrenaldi.....the big macs for the fans is what makes u a great player....not winning the game
robrenaldi::Love to see Rip back out there. If he stays healthy you can tell he makes a huge difference. Having Bogans out there was like playing 4 on 5, you have to account for Rip or he will hurt you. Gotta say this Bulls team is MUCH better than they were last year. Up to 3rd in the league in offensive efficiency while playing the same tough D as always. Not gonna say we'll beat Miami, but we'll be alot better than last year.
chadhenne07::bogans was a starter cuz of defense....but id still rather have rip though....it looks like thibs was playing rip just to get him used to it again and not trying to pressure him....taking his time to make sure he is good to go.....i think we are fine
chadhenne07::lebron is not better than durant.....durant should have gotten mvp when lebron got it....and durant holds scoring title's over lebron...durant should have gotten mvp that year
chadhenne07::not dissing lebron at all....im just saying if i had to pick one i would pick durant all day hands down...yes lebron is a better defender
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::So you'd rather have a guy who could score over a guy who can score as well as stop a scorer? You shouldn't make decisions based off emotion. They're both good, but I'd take Durant when he can rebound and dish out assists better. Durant has Harden and Westbrook. Both VERY capable guys to be on the other end of him sharing the ball.
brandonlee561heat2::Lebron is just a bit more efficient this year, with his shooting.
Pascal1296::by 2 points or so? does he plays defense? block shot? dishing out assits? steals? rebounding as well? just score that's all he pretty much does that doesn't get you MVP
robrenaldi::Jordan is the best perimeter defender of all time, what are you talking about
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::It worked for Jordan.
DROSE5494::Why are heat fans all on here talking about how bad Drose is? If you want to talk basketball fine, but don't diss on the reigning MVP who got it over Lebron. If you want a better point guard ask nicely or pick a different team.
Saints8365::Jennings&gt;Drose   At beating Miami :)
marting260::good for u..dont mean hes gunna lose every single game..
brandonlee561heat2::I can't believe how the fans reacted to Rose missing the Big Mac winning free-throw! Honestly, if you can afford a ticket to a Bulls game, you can afford a Big Mac!
IlliniDave68::Gotta agree with this. That was pretty damn idiotic. Rose may have prevented who knows how many heart attacks by missing that FT!
C2Poke88::It probably wasn't about the Big-Mac, though they are tasty.  Those fans probably just wanted to be able to tell their grandchildren some day that they were at the arena the day the Rose-led Bulls scored 100 pts in a game :)  Unfortunately, D-Rose ruined that dream for them :(
marting260::$@%! a big mac...mcds is nasty
chadhenne07::lol....
chadhenne07::come on rose im hungry man
Saints8365::Its the 4th quarter with 3 seconds left. Your down by 1. Enough time for 1 shot. Pick who shoots it.  LeBron James or Whoopi Goldberg?
her0miles::Oh, and by the way, ESPN constantly over-sells this guy and crowned him King James before he even won anything. The constant pressure and stress erodes and eats away at you. If he doesn't win this year, this guy could be looking at early retirement.
her0miles::Under a lot more pressure and scrutiny in Miami. Plus Wade humiliates him puts his middle finger up at him sometimes (you know, the one with the ring on it). Meanwhile, Riley puts like five fingers up at him. Then, when he doesn't win, he gets heckled by his own fans, some of which are cleveland fans living in miami. Lebron sometimes has nightmares where he wakes up in the middle of the night terrified. Things like that get in your head and affect your performance.
chadhenne07::lebron is clutch actually.....in cleveland he hit clutch shots all the time...i dont know what is going on with his problem in miami
chadhenne07::durant, kobe, lebron, rose.....top 4 players in the league...stop saying lebron is the best player
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::OP loves scorers, and not defenders. LeBron and Wade do both. Rose and KD do not. Kobe has rings so he no longer defends.
DROSE5494::I agree Drose is definitly up there at the top.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::he is the best player in the WORLD!!!
chadhenne07::lebron is not better than durant period....but lebron is still a great player
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::AND TAKING 6 MORE SHOTS PER GAME TO AVERAGE 1 MORE POINT. yOU IDIOTS KNOW THERE ARE OTHER STATS LIKE REBOUNDS, ASSISTS, STEALS......ETC.
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::Shut up homer. Go blow lebron off
DROSE5494::Kobe's averaging more points though...
brandonlee561heat2::they do, it's 670 "TheScore" in Chicago
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Idiot, I guess all former players and NBA HOF's are also wrong when they say he is the best. I guess Ryan and Chad know more and should have their own talk radio show.
RyanCarranza::Hey, Lebron just got done taking a $@%!... Go shake it for him!
DROSE5494::Some Truth!
C2Poke88::Rose got away with an obvious push off that should have been called an offensive foul.  He also fouled Jack twice when he drove to the basket trying to tie the game - no call though.  Then he bricked 2 FTs at the end when he only had to make 1 for the fans to get free Big Macs.
marting260::wow u fat f.u.c.k
C2Poke88::I could care less about the Big-Mac thing.  That was a lame attempt at humor.  How about he just make his freaking FTs at the end of the game?  And I'd really love it if he wasn't given the "free pass" to foul on both ends of the floor to help decide the game.
marting260::funny how hes over here hating..but he watches the bulls games hahaha
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::LOL even Stacey King called the push off.
DROSE5494::Wow, you really wanted that Big Mac huh?
RyanCarranza::Should we lynch Derrick for winning the game, but not giving everyone an open invitation to a heart attack?
chadhenne07::did u guys see kobe talking slam trash to lebron for the game losing turnover lol....did u see the face carmelo made....i wonder what kobe said to him.....lol...lebron doesnt know what to do in the clutch
chadhenne07::ryan he said something else....that face carmelo made was shocking.....it was bigger than why didnt u take that shot....i think he just flat out dissed him lol
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Nope, Horry has more rings than Kobe
RyanCarranza::Yeah Kobe totally had nothing to do with it...
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Thanks to Shaq and Gasol
RyanCarranza::Once again, Kobe has 5 rings...
chadhenne07::no ...go back and look at the tape and look at carmelo face.....kobe said something else
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Melo and Kobe, biggest ball hogs in NBA history. Knicks are under 500 since trading for Melo.........
RyanCarranza::Probably did... But Kobe even said that's what he said to LBJ
Jaguarcrazyboy::Kobe must be mad how people think James is better then him.
RyanCarranza::Kobe said "Why didn't you take that shot?"  That's seriously what he said... Not that it matters, it's the All Star game...
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Because of Shaq and Gasol
RyanCarranza::He also has 5 rings...
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Because all Kobe does is shoot. that is why his teammates hate him.
DROSE5494::Kobe: "What in the Hell was that?!"
Jaguarcrazyboy::"Here wo go again,"Melo
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Choking in the clutch since his days at Memphis,   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJvLwSf0Xi8
DROSE5494::Somebody probably lives in Cleveland. Just saying, I can put a little link like you do though no one will click on it just like yours.
DROSE5494::Are you a heat fan who was until recently a Cleveland fan? Where's Lebron's clutch? Definitly not in the finals.
C2Poke88::Where was D-Rose's "clutch" in the ECF?  Oh yeah, I forgot that Lebron took it from him and b!tch-slapped him with it.  Never mind.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::I live in Miami you idiot,who the hell lives in Cleveland?
chadhenne07::u gonna be late for work dude u better go......lol
chadhenne07::u just said u had to go make some money.....but i guess u love chat rooms more than money cuz u still here
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::$@%!$, it is noon and I'm chilling on my couch! I work when I want to punk!
RyanCarranza::LosHeatSonLosMejores4 comes on to Bulls boards and bashes them and when someone bashes the Heat for not winning the title that his precious Lebron celebrated before the season started last year.  The Bulls came up short last year... So did Miami... But Miami came up short because Lebron was Miss In Action when it mattered most.  You can sit here and call everyone one of us a punk all you want, but that doesn't change the facts.  Go cry elsewhere
chadhenne07::amen!!!!!!
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::And Rose choked and missed when it mattered most for your sorry Bulls. Watch who had the stones when Kansas beat Memphis. It was Rose,,,again. He is good vs Hornets!!
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Gona go make that money, see all you punks later when Spurs are getting the Bulls culo!!
RyanCarranza::I am ashamed you are a human being...
miguel151551::como te encanta el culo marica!!!
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Asi le gusta a tu mami, sucio en su boca!!
miguel151551::peurco sucio!!!
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::El de tu madre es mi favorito $@%!...........
chadhenne07::bye u wont be missed
chadhenne07::here is a video of why lebron fears luol deng....lol....luol has been owning lebron all the way back to cleveland...here is real defense.....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1TcGUk228o
chadhenne07::here is lebron in the finals yall........why heat fans are so confident about their players who are scared when the moment comes is beyond me.....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3kKxtSQa-4
her0miles::as a Bulls fan, LosHeatSon is right. The Bulls have no chance to beat the Heat because if Lebron loses again this year, he could be looking at early retirement. If he loses to the Bulls without getting to the championship, Riley will get rid of him because he already went through losing to the Bulls when he was coaching the Knicks and a guy named Jordan was around.
DROSE5494::Where were the Heat in the finals? oh I forgot.. they lost to Dirk, so sad.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::They were there. And Chicago?? Oh yea, at home.
chadhenne07::chokkkkkiiiinnnnnnnggggggggg
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Rose? Absolutely agree...........Miami owns his head. He can't beat LeBron and The HEat
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Where were the Bulls duringthe Finals???
Saints8365::I know were rivals and all but, DON"T LET THE HEAT WIN!
RyanCarranza::Working on it...
Saints8365::Great. We have to rebuild lol
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Lol, false hopes for the fans of the Bulls
miguel151551::SUCK the heat!!!
RyanCarranza::Ew...  haha
chadhenne07::i love the way  rose demands the ball in clutch situations....ive seen him demand the ball and miss the game winner, and after that feeling terrible cuz he let the fans and city of chicago down, he takes it personal to please his fans.......he wont back off no matter what, last night he told his team to give him the ball,....thats called a player with the team on  his back......
marsh025::Chad Henne? lol. epic failure as a NFL QB after 4 years starting at Meeechigan. You're the last one who should be talking about being clutch. Probably the worst QB we've had down here in Miami. as for D Rose, He HAS to take the last shot as a one man team. LBJ has options. LBJ is a playmaker. d rose is a shot forcer.  Give me LBJ anyday of the week, year, month, minute, second, whatever. He makes the right basketball play. D Rose, try to beat 5 players when your teammates are standing by wide open..
marsh025::yes.
RyanCarranza::Congratulations! You have posted the most ridiculous comment of the day!!  Did it take you a while to think of such things?
chadhenne07::rose didnt choke ....he demanded the ball and try to make a play and came up short.....but he still took the shot....lebron hide from the ball and to scared to take it......
marsh025::everyone on the Heat is capable of taking big shots even if LBJ isn't (which is bull because he BEAT DA BULLS with a big shot). Ever heard of Rio chalmers? he won a championship with a big shot in college.  Who on your team can do that? Rose choked in his Memphis moment.. Bulls fans are so silly. Give props where it's due not hate. Let's Go Heat!!!
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::He shot 6.3% when James was on him, commited countless turnovers and missed free throws!! Been choking since his days in Memphis
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Keep failing then punk
RyanCarranza::Big difference right there... I would rather try and fail and never try at all
chadhenne07::which if u watch the finals last year u can see lebron hiding from the ball and passing it up...not wanting to take the shots,.....
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Let's take a few looks @ your garbage statement http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMXEPPKdGVA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6PBOvhy--U http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ImaZfz-jMI
chadhenne07::which is unlebron like lol
marsh025::to get to the finals you have to win the east.  Chicago is not qualified to get to the finals so bash us for not winning it all. you didn't even get to where we were.  you sound silly bashing us who beat you in 5 games.
RunTheBall22::you do know winning the east is not as good as winning a title right? never seen a fan base act like winning the east ws better than winning the title. lol
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::ECF last year? I think James outplayed Rose and did not choke...........Epic Fail Chad
chadhenne07::last year the bulls beat the spurs and rose torched tony parker...and noah crashed all boards on duncan.....
RyanCarranza::I was at that game at UC when he dropped like 42 on them. Hoping for a similar result
Jaguarcrazyboy::1st 40 point game for Rose too.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::And last year Miami pounded Rose and Bulls in ECF 4-1
chadhenne07::jason terry torched lebron to....all day every game...he called lebron out and said to the media lebron cant guard him and backed it up
Jaguarcrazyboy::And heat got pounded by a 5 ft PG the finals.
RunTheBall22::Way to close out that game Rose. just need to wait till Rip is 100% and they all get some time together, this can be a dangerous offense
RyanCarranza::His presence on the court demands help defense at all times.  He spreads the court so well for Derrick to go to work or to find an open man.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Yeah.. Look how fast this team runs the court with Rip.
Saints8365::Congrats Bulls :)
RyanCarranza::NOH are gonna get some real talent in the years to come.
Jaguarcrazyboy::True.. They got a pretty nice team.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Thanks.. Yall played us hard.. NOH will be a playoff team for many years I bet.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Oh, ok haha.
Saints8365::Lol Im a Laker lol but I respect and admire both teams.
RyanCarranza::LosHeatSonLosMejores4     -   If the Bulls win tonight, you have to change your name to "BULLS &gt; HEAT".  Deal?  Since you are so certain the Spurs will win tonight.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::They are playing the Spurs. Stating that Bulls &gt; Heat would be a inacurate statement
RyanCarranza::I bet you said Miami would win the title last year too and Dallas took a crap on those hopes and dreams, huh?
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::It is false, I only make truthful statements
RyanCarranza::Will you do it, yes or no?
Jaguarcrazyboy::LOL.. No heat game so heat fans come onto other teams boards to troll.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Heat team= 0 rings.. I like facts.
marsh025::bulls team? living on MJ's glory. Get your own!!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Not this one.
chadhenne07::they have ring
miguel151551::los heat son come culos!!!
Robert156877::Third, after English and Chinese and barely more than Hindi.  Now whose the idiot?
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Spanish is not only spoken by Mexicans, it is the second most spoken language in the world you idiot!!!
miguel151551::pudiera ser estupido!!!
Michael82847::are we in mexico?
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::To state facts
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Spurs 98 Bulls 87
Jaguarcrazyboy::U gogoberries wife?
chadhenne07::ryan ignore him.....he's a idiot
marsh025::reading comprehension is anopther thing you're bad at
Jaguarcrazyboy::Calling girls idiots compared to men&gt;Offensive brah
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::I will be on here tonight and you girls will look like the idiots.........
Michael82847::cool dream bro. bulls always play better against better teams
Terry 1953::hey michael82847, your 8 loses are against good teams, don't be such a homer
Terry 1953::hey ryan, you are a kiss $ss
RyanCarranza::Yes because we are talking about the playoffs right now...
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::And losing 4-1 in ECF to LeBron
RyanCarranza::Since having a league best record last year.
Terry 1953::since when
RyanCarranza::How did you come up with that score?  (The Heat are obviously not playing tonight)
chadhenne07::we beat new orleans by 23 before.....this year...second time we play them we win by 4.....cant blow em out everytime...people need to stop over reacting....its a win
Terry 1953::got lucky this time
RyanCarranza::The name is Ryan...
Terry 1953::just the facts, jack
RyanCarranza::Does logic run away from you?
Terry 1953::ugly win against a bad team, when you play a good team with a winning record you are going down, those are the facts
RyanCarranza::A win is a win is a win is a win
Jaguarcrazyboy::NOH fans should be proud. That team was really close to winning.
brandonlee561heat2::Tonight is the biggest game for CHI since they played Miami?  agree?  I can't wait for this one!
Robert156877::No, I disagree.  It's just one game.  It's not like the Spurs are even in the Bulls conference.
RyanCarranza::Agreed.  San Antonio is playing great
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Spurs are gona eat em up
chadhenne07::i know i cant wait either.....6 of next 10 games are above .500 teams......looking forward to it
RyanCarranza::Because your logic is just so spot on Terry...
Terry 1953::they will lose 5 of these games, book it
chadhenne07::every elite team is gonna lose to a garbage team....every elite team is gonna lose to a elite team.....doesnt mean that team isnt championship caliber...it happens to every team every year.....
RyanCarranza::The type of game that was played last night only helps the Bulls, because they find a way to win.  It's not all about blowing out the competition (Although I would love that), sometimes it's not so easy and you need to find a way to win.  Derrick and Noah have shown that they are the guys to go to.
Jaguarcrazyboy::I was loving that game.. Bulls need to play some tough games to get ready for the big boyz.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Hope we trade for Ariza. Ariza off the bench would be great.
Michael82847::keep butler. he's gonna be a stud
Jaguarcrazyboy::I think it will be tough to make a trade now.. Gotta wait for a good move.
miguel151551::the bulls dont seem to be looking to make a trade... i think they are complacent with what they have.. dont think we are there yet!!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::It works on the trade machine. Hope it happens.
miguel151551::im good with that!!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Krover,Lucas couple picks or that with Butler.
miguel151551::who u gonna give up???
miguel151551::awesome trade!!! MORON........
Terry 1953::D rose
RyanCarranza::Great numbers for Rose and Noah last night.  Just gotta make sure that when a team sticks around through 3 quarters that they put the boot heel on the throats and not give them any confidence.  Happy to see Rose close the show once again.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Rose wants that ball.. He'll make big time shots.
RyanCarranza::I am happy that there just is no doubt who wants the ball in those situations.
chadhenne07::thats right
Terry 1953::Bulls struggled against a bad team, 1 and done in the playoffs. Book it
Michael82847::new orleans is 5-3 as of late. they are playing much better ball
Terry 1953::who cares, season is over for them
Jaywashing::This post reads facetiously. I hope that was the intent.
chadhenne07::ryan dont respond to skip bayless comments anymore ok
RyanCarranza::Really?  That's how you judge the outcomes of the playoffs.  If that's the case... Miami is gone too, they lost to Milwaukee twice
RyanCarranza::Thank you
brandonlee561heat2::Fair enough
RyanCarranza::They are 3 games back from 8th place... I would hardly call that "in the race"
brandonlee561heat2::Milwaukkee is in the playoff race
miguel151551::i'm a bulls fan but gotta admit if we cant get a second consistant scorer, we gonna be in trouble.. rip looks good but cant count on him. korver had a couple wide open threes and couldnt hit them.. hes been shooting like this for a while know.. luckily boozer n noah are balling now but we need another scorer to step up!!
miguel151551::with these next couple of games coming up the bulls have a chance to make a run and shut the haters up.... playing some good teams and they are healthy so no excuses...
miguel151551::deng has struggled lately shooting.... what worries me about korver is hes been off for a long time.... i dont remember the last time i saw him shoot a high %!!! i agree RIP is gonna help as long as he can stay healthy...
miguel151551::hope so!! we need him..
brandonlee561heat2::I think it was just mostly just getting back into rhthym after the AS weeekend.
brandonlee561heat2::Deng is the second conistent scorer. I know he has had games of 25%, 33%, and last night 37% but he will still be solid. Rick, has been around the block, and has that experience. Korver was really off last night.
brandonlee561heat2::That charge he tried to draw was HILARIOUS!
chadhenne07::korver has been off lately actually....last few games....i still want him to shoot but to get his confidence back
brandonlee561heat2::I hope the game tonight is as good as last night!
fastdontliedrose::drose
LarryvsDoc::Am I fecking missing something? Why the hell is skip bayless calling roses game winning shot a trick shot? It was a basic pull up jumper from the baseline that bounced in.  I don't think I've ever seen a more basic shot analyzed as much as this is. So the ball hit the rim a couple of times and bounced in what is the big deal
