Victor6229::Do you think amare belongs somewhere else? Amare will thrive in a team where he is the main scorer. He will become a top 5 scorer again and maybe back to a mvp canidate. But it will never work on the current knicks roster. Carmelo and tyson complement each other. But amare dosent work with either carmelo or tyson. Carmelo and amare step on each other in the offence. Tyson's takes a lot of room in the paint and hurts amare's game. He just dosent belong with these guys. He should go to a team where he is the leader and the offence is runned thru him. Where do you think amare belongs?
1mproperDancing::I actually think Melo belongs somewhere else.    See, here's the thing...the Knicks are going to have a damn near impossible time trading Amar'e.  They used their amnesty on Billups and owe Amar'e an ungodly amount of money over the next four years.  No one in their right mind is taking that contract, especially given his questionable injury history.  So basically, they're stuck with him.  Now, it's quite obvious that Carmelo and Amar'e just don't properly co-exist.  Melo is a ball dominant small forward, while Amar'e is a power forward who has lost his step and needs a proper point guard setting him up in his spots.  The Knicks' problem is that Carmelo dominates the ball too much for a point guard to be particularly effective, and thus having Carmelo on the roster inherently limits Stoudemire's effectiveness.  If I were the Knicks, I would offer Carmelo to the Nets for Williams.  Williams obviously isn't returning to the Nets, and they desperately need a star to open their new arena with.  If Williams would agree to a sign and trade, and I think he would, this would be a good trade for both teams.  The Knicks get an elite point guard who can set up Amar'e and Chandler and the Nets get their star power for the Brooklyn crowds.
echoxray::Stephan A Smith is once again the racist apologist for a terrible player - Amare. Watch his vid on the Knicks page about the loss to the cavs. He doesn't mention Amare once even though that's what's changed. This guy is dead weight. If I was the GM, I'd cut him right now. I mean this instant.  Without him, we've got a chance.
rag63top::Oh, yeah... Cut Amare.... That will solve the problem. You my friend, are not smart.
rag63top::Knicks = Lucky the season is almost over so the don't get knocked out of contention by Philly and Milwaukee
Latino_sportsguy::LMAO really????   Knicks 15-6 under new coach i think the rest of the East is lucky enough the season is almost over if not Knicks would be top 3-4 team in the EAST
Gallo_Clutch_Siiiikkkee::Keep dreaming ??? those are facts u num nut Knicks are 15-6 under new coach u RETAR.D
rag63top::That is not the situation. Keep dreaming bro...
hcp04140::Knicks fans: "We are only 3 games over .500 but we just beat the Celtics so we are the best team in the East"
ohio herd::Problem is you have to play every game the whole season. Blame Melo for tanking the season when he sat around and cried cause he didn't like the old coach. Knicks are 6-4 in the last ten games a better reflection of where they are.
Latino_sportsguy::15-6 record under new coach pretty good now dont be fooled by they're 33-30 record
Jamaal 43::Amare can’t post-up, can’t pass, gets smoked on defense, is slow and has a short and long term back issue. How much money did the Knicks pay him again?
hcp04140::HAHA Knicks fans you still holding on to your hopes of the 6 seed? They all but went out the window with this loss. Lose one more or Orlando wins 1 game and your stuck at the 7. You wouldn't have beat the Pacers first round anyway, your team sucks if "ME"LO doesn't score over 30
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::What happened to the Tigers great pitching? Or is it the whole Texas Rangers team on steriods like the 2001 Seattle Mariners?
Somedood1::When is Jeremy Lin going to be back...
Latino_sportsguy::"Supposably" 2nd round but I doubt that he'll be back than.
1mproperDancing::Well, if it's the second round, might as well just say next season, because the Knicks will be on vacation by then.
Kabaab989::So how is Lin suppose to deal with Rondo, Rose or Chalmers / Cole. He can't compare with any of them.
Latino_sportsguy::Still lose with Lin??? Maybe not he's faster and more reliable than Baron or Bibby at this point and Knicks can use his aggressiveness to break down defensive.
bcboy081::It won't matter they will still lose
Latino_sportsguy::Yesterday's game was a display of "TANKING" at it's best, I guess Dolan got to the ears of the player's and told them to take the nite off, LOL. A first round match up with Heat or Bulls = Big $$$ for MSG  Open you're eye's Knicks fans it was SO Obvious last night especially Woodson keeping Tyson and Melo on the bench for the ENTIRE 4th quarter..
Monkey Soup81::You are an idiot dude! You have a boner for b.s
Latino_sportsguy::B.S ??? lmaoo its the truth u moron..  Knicks sat Melo and Tyson down for the ENTIRE 4th quarter even after we pulled with in 8 pts
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Lol hahahahaha Big $$$ for MSG would be improving your team chances of going to the second round of the playoffs by finishing at 6th seed playing the Pacers instead of the Bulls or Heat being swept in four straight games in the first round. That is the typical idiots the Dolan family are.
Latino_sportsguy::Its all about the $$$ and This Knicks team will not get swept only idiot fans think other wise. I have the series 4-2 or 4-3
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::It's weird by nature how I see from February that Jeremy Lin can co-exist better with Amare Stoudmire in the Knicks lineup at a record of 7-0 without Melo but Melo cannot co-exist with either Amare Stoudemire or Jeremy Lin. But Melo plays better by himself with the other lesser known name players without Amare Stoudmire and Jeremy Lin. Knicks fans save your breath. This Knicks team is not the 2011 NY Giants. Knicks fans in NY better stick with the NY Rangers who have a better chace of going farther into the playoffs than your Knicks team this year.
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::One player Amare co-existing in the lineup with the other named Melo is like what Kryptonite is to Superman. Melo wants to be the one man hermit ball hog show  Do everything alone or don't do anything at all right.That is Melo's nature. He does not want a Scotty Pippen partner on his team. He does not want a Pau Gasol or Lakers big name partner to Kobe Bryant on his team. That is Melo and his style
LordKastle::To the idiot Knicks fans, you beat the Celtics because you got lucky. You hit 14 3-pointers in the first half and continued to bury them unconsciously throughout the game. The funny thing is, you almost lost that game. If you think that game was a positive about your team, you are deluded. The game against the Celtics showed why the Knicks are fraudulent (even while winning.) Besides, guys like JR Smith and Novak are front-runner shooters...when a team is up by 10 points, they'll launch 3s with no pressure (or when they are down by 15 points). But when the game is close, they faulter. The Knicks are garbage.
mattw892::celtic fans are way to confident in that crap team. have fun losing in the playoffs
Latino_sportsguy::Celtics got lucky in beating the Knicks the last time they played them at TD Garden
-.-.-::Celtics had 17 more free throws than the Knicks..
bcboy081::HAHA you are funny the Celts got lucky please.  Like the man said the way the Knicks were hitting shots the game they won and to only win by 8 thats not to good
CamGoingHAM::Lmao @ those cornrows by Amare
shedy-mac::When did he get those, I thought he kept his hair low.
CamGoingHAM::I don't know Black Magic maybe
23sportsplex::and some people actually think the knicks have a chance first round ha what a joke.
LES 989::any team in the playoffs has a chance there are no great teams they all have flaws
Somedood1::Someone's jealous...
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Come back to reality
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Just like Mets fans think the Mets have a chance to win the World Series this year because they start off 4-0 in April. I think Mets and Knicks fans like ESPN member Westbrook CARRIES Durant must be the same idiot fans
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Knicks lose to Bobcats,Raptors,and Cavaliers in January with Amare &amp; Melo before Lin arrived in lineup. Knicks lose to Hornets. Knicks lose to Nets and lose to Raptors again in March in Toronto with Amare &amp; Melo in lineup even with Lin. Lin&gt;Melo but Lin and Melo&gt;Amare. I see your point angry Knicks fans how bad their team ownership and management is.
YourMaster12345::stoudemire without nash = doom, he should have just stayed in phoenix
LES 989::Stoudemire averaged 25ppg last year without Nash there goes that argument the facts are Melo and Amare cant coexist Dolan needs to pick 1 and trade the other
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Amare Stoudamire the new Stephon Marbury team chemistry cancer for the Knicks playing with Melo in the lineup?
lmoanade::knicks always play bad on fridays. prolly partied too hard the night before.
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Another dumb Knicks fan excuse
YourMaster12345::stoudemire is the cancer now LOL
GoBlue892009::Say what you want about the Cavs being a really bad team (which they are) but Kyrie Irving is something really nice to build a team around. Far exceded what I expected him to produce for the Cavs this year.
shedy-mac::This is the Knicks fan way of life: 1. If you win, then you are a title contender. 2. If you lose, you troll the celtics.  3. If you beat one good team you are the best in the east and will win the Finals. 4. When you lose you make an excuse like "We lost cuz we didn't have amare" then say "Well we lost cuz amare was playing 5. You bring up other sports like baseball when an argument goes the other way. 6. etc.
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::You have 1-3 &amp; 5-6 right about Knicks fans like ESPN member Westbrook CARRIES Durant way of life.  I disagree with you about the Amare Stoudemire part in #4
lmoanade::er no we just enjoy trash talkin and hypin our team up as much as any other fans. $@%!$@%.
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::The Knicks also lost to the Hornets,Raptors twice,and Nets. Lost to all three at home in NY during the regular season. Knicks fans set the goal bar too low like their team with the attitude well at least we will be at best every year a 7th and 8th seed team every year. We don't care if they lose games in the season every year to low ranked teams like the Raptors twice,Bobcats,Hornets,and Cavs as long as our team wins a game this week to the Celtics. That is the same ego club attitude you Knicks fans saw with why your team looked so crappy in January.
cfoggggot::i LOVE it.  amare is the chemistry killer yet again.  knicks are GARBAGE.
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Knicks fans are just like Syr-excuse Orange fans keep making up excuses like idiots Westbrook CARRIES Durant which is the same attitude the Knicks players have. The Knicks fans like that person and players have a bad ego problem which they have a false sense of security thinking my team is the king of the world just because they win one game against the Celtics. Knicks fans are a lot like Mets fans. They start the season 4-0 in April and Mets fans think they are going to win the World Series
mnsportswopbanthisespn::Knicks should really take the Giants approach to the game rather than the Jets.  Get a good coach, and build a team instead of an ego.
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Hahahahahahaha. The Knicks terrible ownership of James Dolan,Isiah Thomas management,team management,and team head coaching since since 2000 continues to be all laughable every year,LMAO,hahahahaha. The record speaks for itself that Dan Gilbert's team is 17-5 since 2006-07 against owner James Dolan's management team
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::Build a team instead of an ego. I like that approach
shedy-mac::You lost to the Bobcats and Cavs but because you beat the Celtics you think you can win the title.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::They also have a shinny new coach &amp; their record is better with him. But they're afraid to play the Heat in the first round.
Gamham34::Ehh no, the knicks even said they wanted to play the heat in the first round.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Lol! Agreed.
Alien Probe::12 rebounds from your starting front line.  Let's go to guest analysis Yoda for his opinion:  "This is why you fail."
Davidstowe2012::The Knicks need Jeremy Lin and a healthy Baron Davis. Woodson will bench Amare if he doesn't play defense. Melo defends rebounds and assists. His reputation is media based and people just follow along. Watch Melo and then watch Amare. Amare is just so sad but they lost because they clinched and played poorly. ALSO CALL MY PICTURE CHEESY BUT I PLAY BALL AND I TRAIN WITH A FURY. IF YOU CAN'T BACK YOUR WORDS WITH A GOOD GAME THEN TAKE A LOOK IN THE MIRROR AND ENJOY YOUR COMPUTER SAVY! Pathetic.
msmith1702::which fan liked that? he must be a $@%!$@ too..
Westbrook CARRIES Durant::but you're a f.aggot
Westbrook CARRIES Durant::yes amare is bad on defense, melo just didn't try on defense
Michael38061::If Zimmerman is freed on bail, I wish he would exercise his freedom by taking a walk up Lenox Avenue (NYC) with or without his gun.
Westbrook CARRIES Durant::who cares if they just lost to the cavs? they just beat the celtics and they beat the bulls with rose.  They played tough against the heat.  They aren't playing cleveland in the playoffs anytime soon.
OhioRedneckMidwestCountryBoy::That is the same attitude the Knicks players have. Wonder if Amare Stoudemire told them that upon his return to the Knicks lineup. That is the same attitude which will result in the Knicks getting swept in 4-5 games every year in the first round of the playoffs.
blueliner2k3::Well Knicks at least you made it to the first round. Another 30 years and you may make it to the 2nd.
Westbrook CARRIES Durant::they will go further then the celtics
Man Utd Squad::and hornets without Eric Gordon
shedy-mac::You lost to the cavs and bobcats.
yanksfan923::Knick fans, I think it's time we call the Cavs our Daddy
shedy-mac::"We will win the title this year" -Baron Davis
the702shogun::what happened to fred (sanford), aka baron davis? had a little tummy ache? are the knicks backing off knowing they have the heat in the 1st round?
ohiostatefan1000::Hey Knicks, can you do me a favor and knock out the heat in the 1st round so i can make fun of them:)
phunky58::dont worry about his feelings bring amare off the bench, he will still be making the same amount of money
phunky58::i dont know, just do it for a game or two see what happens
dabears2253::but why would you pay a guy $100 million to come off the bench?
ohiostatefan1000::watch out for the cavs next year. we got a great draft class and 4 picks so far.
ohiostatefan1000::could make us very competitive, maybe not next year, but in 2 years, with the 2, 1st round and 2, 2nd rounders
phunky58::better draft smart, unlike some teams
MikeD3321::I was at the game last night, I have never seen more Asians in my entire life
phunky58::hmmm amare ruins chemistry
ohiostatefan1000::hahaha. great win cavs! i guess there is 1 team that can't beat us.
shedy-mac::"We were swept by Celtics because we didn't have Amare, but we lost this game because we have him." -Knicks fans
iloveshawano::this is so great - the knickerbockers looked like a bunch of $@%!
pnete::Watching this Amare, Bibby, Toney dog and ;pony show is getting boring.  Knicks needs to find a legit Dleague point guard as they have no one that can dribble the ball who isn't on his last NBA legs.  Bibby, Toney and Douglas couldn't win an NCAA tournament game. Avoiding a playoff sweep should be the goal and getting Lin heatlhy for next season and finding a backup point. With a healthy point and current players Knicks could be contenders. Now, they a playoff fodder.
tbest23::Cavs win? Bwaaahahahahaha
Michael38061::Linsanity was a more exciting brand of basketball to watch and it is how the game should be played idealistically. Watching Melosanity is partial torture. The team is more successful when the ball is moving and when they are moving without the ball
mikeyp2307::SMH Knicks.
JaxFl45::No team can win them all. The Knicks had an off night. Don't read too much into it!
nycpratl::can't lose to one of the worst teams in the league as you get ready for playoffs.  it means you're not ready for playoffs.
SeKeMe::Top Performers: Mike Bibby and Manny Harris! Sad. Just sad. :-)
Michael38061::and Amare
nycpratl::the notion that knicks would rather face bulls is such a bizarre fantasy.  bulls are far and away superior in every aspect and have beaten knicks consistently save for the game in ny which they gave away.  either way this club is going nowhere in the playoffs. this is a mediocre, below avg team with occasional inspired moments.
thegoidenboy18::I've said it all year, Amare needs to be coming off of the bench.
pnete::Well I agree about the bench part.
KnicksAllday.::knciks lost on purpose.
thechloisa::"You didn't win. We wanted to lose"
nycpratl::yeah that makes sense.  just like the indiana game.  and the toronto game.  those were on purpose too.
barneybotwin::Because they didn't believe they could get the 6th seed? They should fare well in the playoffs with that attitude.
KnicksAllday.::we wanted the 8thseed....... thats why landry fields was playing in the 4th quarter and melo wasnt
Innocent Until Proven Guilty::George Zimmerman is FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA YOU MAD?
drawitall::There is so much to this story that the public even knows. How about waiting till all the facts are out before we start praising anyone for this tragic event .
Sandmanthegreatest::who let this dumba.ss out?
barneybotwin::Enjoy the rest of your Natty Ice. I'm guessing you're six deep into the case already. Be sure to give your parents a jingle and fill them in on your exciting morning. They'll be very impressed by the contributions you're making to the world.
Innocent Until Proven Guilty::HE'S WALKIN OUT OF JAIL RIGHT NOW!!!   WHOOO!
Innocent Until Proven Guilty::WHOOOOOO!!!!   ZIMMERMAN WILL WALK!!! HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAH  DEAL WITH IT BRO.
barneybotwin::You a rah-t@rd?
barneybotwin::Your parents must be so proud.
Innocent Until Proven Guilty::All up in ya face!!! hahahaahahahahahahahah
Innocent Until Proven Guilty::You a?   I guess you're a black ahahhhahahaahahahahahahaha  How does it feel b*tch? Zimmerman walks ahahahahaahahahhahahahaha
barneybotwin::Yeah,  you a rah-t@rd.
Innocent Until Proven Guilty::HAHAHAHAH WHOOOOOO!!   AHAHAHAHAHAH YOU MAD BRO?   ZIMMERMAN IS INNOCENT
