NOLE6116::Give Orlando Bynum and Gasol for God's sake.  Did you see what Dwight did to the Warriors.  He had 45 and 23.  What do Gasol and Bynum average combined???  They average 32 and 22 COMBINED.  Make the trade. Goodbye
14texas1980::haha, Los Angeles FAKERS
ken b good::Please trade for Steve Nash. At least when he passes the ball to Kobe he'll get an assist. He will get him the ball in a position to shoot, not just hand him the ball after crossing half court and become spectaters.
2bmeizez::This is why the lakers lost. First they got out rebounded by the worst rebounding team in the league. Did kobe shoot too much maybe but he not only was 50% he brought them back in the game when nobody else was doing anything. All you guys talking about the bigs needed more shots notice billups had less shots than both bigs for the lakers and had more points AND THAT'S A 2 GUARD!!!!!! meaning his shots came from outside they should be shooting at least 60% even if they take 10 shots combined. The bigs don't protect the basket or really attack the basket when they get the chance. Bynum doesn't know how to pass out of double teams(which is a big issue). He'd be a monster if he'd pass out of doubles then repost. Teams wouldn't know how to play him. Then all the turnovers are the nail in the coffin. Kobe will run out of gas sooner or later if there's not a big trade in the works. IT'S HARD FOR BATMAN TO WIN WHEN HIS ROBIN IS A JOKER. I'M OUT.....
johndaker55::It's hard for Bynum to learn to pass out of a double-team when he doesn't get consistent 30+ touches a game. No players can progress playing with Kobe.
2kobeisgood4::Shaq did?? but i guess that guy who is watching his knees instead of grabbing those rebounds is no Shaq
NICOYEE30::i believe that bynum and gasol are getting enough touches. its just that they eventually start messin up makin bad decisions when the double comes. and then what happens is kobe gets the ball and starts chuckin it at an efficient rate(50%) which causes everyone's to stand around and watch which then accounts for their laziness. as soon as bynum learns how to deal with double teams kobe's gonna keep dropping 40 because there really isn't any other alternative. theres no need to worry. lakers WILL eventually fully grasp this offense and find their respective roles.
NICOYEE30::last nyt was an exception because kobe DID start the game off in the wrong way forcing up shots.
jack davatzis::kobe has more 40 point games in history of the game (after 16 years as a pro or more)..very interesting...i believe he has put critics to rest as far as him scoring...but MJ is of another species
inquisitiveman::i wouldn't be surprised if the clippers win the pacific division
rafroch3::Kobe 44 minutes, i remember he started out great last season and the Lakers went 8-0. It's only a matter of time until the fatigue shows up and he starts piling up the injuries and starts bricking them more often than not. Face it he's 33, and he's simply not like MJ who was basically at his prime at this age, Kobe has been playing in the NBA since HS and his body cant take it too much more.
JpHudkins28::The guy has played hurt his entire career and he has five rings. He drives off injury, he tries and succeeds time and time again to prove that he is the best player in the league no matter what.
super red espresso snowflake::not if he keeps using hgh!!!!
2bmeizez::This is why the lakers lost. First they got out rebounded by the worst rebounding team in the league. Did kobe shoot too much maybe but he not only was 50% he brought them back in the game when nobody else was doing anything. All you guys talking about the bigs needed more shots notice billups had less shots than both bigs for the lakers and had more points AND THAT'S A 2 GUARD!!!!!! meaning his shots came from outside they should be shooting at least 60% even if they take 10 shots combined. The bigs don't protect the basket or really attack the basket when they get the chance. Bynum doesn't know how to pass out of double teams(which is a big issue). He'd be a monster if he'd pass out of doubles then repost. Teams wouldn't know how to play him. Then all the turnovers are the nail in the coffin. Kobe will run out of gas sooner or later if there's not a big trade in the works. IT'S HARD FOR BATMAN TO WIN WHEN HIS ROBIN IS A JOKER. I'M OUT.....
2bmeizez::THE ONLY REASON IT WAS AS CLOSE AS IT WAS IS BECAUSE KOBE WAS GOING BEAST MODE. WTF R YOU TALKING ABOUT. AGAIN THEY BOTH TOOK MORE SHOTS THAN BILLUPS  AND BILLUPS SCORED MORE THAN BOTH OF THEM. CONSISTENCY!!!  IT'S NOT LIKE WHEN THEY HAD SMUSH AND KWAME BUT IT'S PRETTY BAD
JpHudkins28::when you have lead a team for almost 16 years like he has and bring five rings to LA i think he can do that stuff. he has done this his entire career and people always complain but it works for that team so stop $@%!$@%!.
dbaerry::when kobe's hoisting shots like he's Royce Gracie, it is Not good for the nba. The Black "hole" mamba needs to get his bigs involved more
hioh631::It's hard for anyone else to do anything when they can't even touch the ball. Kobe was a black hole.
2bmeizez::This is why the lakers lost. First they got out rebounded by the worst rebounding team in the league. Did kobe shoot too much maybe but he not only was 50% he brought them back in the game when nobody else was doing anything. All you guys talking about the bigs needed more shots notice billups had less shots than both bigs for the lakers and had more points AND THAT'S A 2 GUARD!!!!!! meaning his shots came from outside they should be shooting at least 60% even if they take 10 shots combined. The bigs don't protect the basket or really attack the basket when they get the chance. Bynum doesn't know how to pass out of double teams(which is a big issue). He'd be a monster if he'd pass out of doubles then repost. Teams wouldn't know how to play him. Then all the turnovers are the nail in the coffin. Kobe will run out of gas sooner or later if there's not a big trade in the works. IT'S HARD FOR BATMAN TO WIN WHEN HIS ROBIN IS A JOKER. I'M OUT.....
dbaerry::copy pasta
peezyfreshbaby57::In 2 yrs James Hardin will be unstoppable!
JpHudkins28::He won't be unstoppable but he's gonna be an elite guard in the league. the dude has skills so give him some credit
LightSpeed1000::harden sux
dbaerry::he cant shoot consistently, cant rebound aand cant run a play off the inbound
peezyfreshbaby57::Why? He's already an extreme;y tough cover now! He can score in many ways! In a few yrs he'll probably develop a post game and be a top 2 SG in the league
dbaerry::big if
peezyfreshbaby57::Best Shooting Guards  Top 3 1. Kobe "The Black Mamba" Bryant  2. Dwayne "Flash" Wade 3. James "The Bearded One" Hardin
JpHudkins28::how is wade overrated? didnt the dude get a ring before allen? doesnt the guy put up better numbers than allen? and im not just talking ppg, im talking all around game. allen is the best shooter, but wade does everything whereas ray allen is a more one denominational player
JpHudkins28::Yes the three is a huge part of the game today but all around, wade is a better ball player than ray allen.
LightSpeed1000::its a huge part of the shooting guard position.... ok wade above allen fine. (wade bricks so many 3's, hes a little overrated for a SG).. but not harden over allen. thats stupid.
LightSpeed1000::you put harden (not hardin idiot) and wade over ray allen who is shooting 70% from the 3? you are one clueless f***
2bmeizez::kobe isn't without injuries. NO EXCUSES
gt1master_ike::Its kobe and wade and everyone else.  Wade is just not right but once he gets healthy and in rhythm, he will be his normal self
dbaerry::bull, dwayne is just going thru a rough patch. he'll defenitely finish the season strong
jpsalcid35::its kobe and then a huge gap between him and wade.
jpsalcid35::wow tough loss for the lakers.. this shouldve been a game where the clippers got dominated inside.  bynum and gasol were getting once again getting outhustled by scrubs.... this has got to stop. deandre jordan and evans do not belong on the same court with talented bigs such as gasol and bynum.  Lakers gotta start to learn that you cant rely on kobe every game, and someone needs to stop up and stay in front of PG's.. maybe put kobe? he does very well in those matchups. but he has done it in short spurts.. such as in the playoffs in crunch time.  more importantly it think its time to limit fisher's minutes to ~15 ppg and maybe if needed bring him out in close games. Morris has to get more minutes he could be the lakers rondo.
hioh631::Or Kobe can pass the ball to his teammates and not become a black hole when the ball is passed to him. Bynum was obviously frustrated and Gasol was totally out of sync because they were not getting any touches. Not saying that it's right, but Bynum doesn't really feel compelled to hustle and rebound, etc when he his not getting rewarded on the offensive end. He is not Yoakim Noah, he is a talented offensively player and he needs to be treated as such and not an afterthought.
2kobeisgood4::yawn they got out hustled by guys who are better than them but because they play with kobe they look better
dwhitestang::Definately agree more morris Maybe Start him bring blake off the bench when he gets back and sit Fisher on the bench where he belongs
Zeeklite::So... who agrees that Bynum should be taking more shots??
hioh631::Me.
dikkums6::http://baselinehoops.com/2012/01/15/kobe-bryant-is-not-playing-winning-basketball/ Kobe is not playing winning basketball
jpsalcid35::wers the lebron one? hes missing big time FT's in the 4th, obvious traveling thnaat isnt being called. more importantly looking lost in the offense  in crunch time.?  if kobe is not playing winning basketball, Lebron must be doing something much worse that playing losing basketball.
hioh631::Kobe is definitely not playing winning basketball long term. He is alienating his teammates by not passing them the ball, there is no trust there. Bynum is obviously getting frustrated and Gasol is not getting treated as one of the most talented big men in the league. I know a lot of people are impressed by his streak of 40 point games, but I'm not. He is shooting 30 shots a game. You give LeBron, Melo, Wade, Howard, Amare, Griffin, etc 30 shots a game and they will get you 40 points too. He is a volume scorer at the moment and that is not going to help anyone over the long term.
Qzhoopin72::The Lakers need to keep giving Morris heavy minutes, the same way Miami is doing with Cole.  The kid could turn out to be the steal of the 2nd round!! What I like ab out him early on is that he doesn't play scared.  He never backed down from CP3 last night....yes, he got schooled, but that's part of growing into NBA manhood!
brazzo09::kobe, in his 16th season is averaging 32 ppg so far. WOW!
hioh631::Not that hard shooting as much as he is.
LightSpeed1000::6 million shot attempts per game.
peezyfreshbaby57::Kobe is on a tear but the Lakers won't get far playing like that! The have serious issues to address! Primary issue is the PG position! Why not take a risk on a player like Gilbert Arenas? Kobe would demand the very best out of him, and he could take some pressure off of Kobe! They could sign him with minamal risk, just give him a 1 yr contract
Michigan Hates u all::Darius looked pretty good out there. played alright  on d, but it seems as if no one can cover Paul when he is on.
_mongo_slade_::Morris looked alot better last night. Seeing actual quickness at the PG spot was kinda shocking. Let the guy play &amp; see what he can do. What other choice is there anyway?
brazzo09::no way fisher is better than morris. i love fisher but he is starting to hurt the team more than he is helping now that he cant shoot 3s
brazzo09::yea well it WAS cp3 so i will give morris a pass this time. He still looked better than fisher who can't guard a sack of potatoes
dbaerry::start gouldlock
brazzo09::goudelock is a poor decision maker.
boom.shaka::I like Morris, but think he'd be better served with a year of consistent playing time in the D-League.  They can bring him up as an injury replacement, but I think it's a waste to have him competing for time with Blake and Fisher (who are still better imho).
LBJisnoMJ::kobe is putting up these 40 point game on back to back night he score 48 on the suns than the next day put up 40 on the jazz than had a day off than put up 42 on the cavs and then put up 42 on the clippers he did all that on one day rest dude is amazing
NICOYEE30::this is stupid. people don't know basic basketball. 42-48points on 28-30 shot attempts on 50% shooting is efficient.
hioh631::Not that hard shooting 30 shots a game. He needs to pass to those two skilled 7fters he has on his team and not treat them as afterthoughts.
Qzhoopin72::I like what Barnes brings to the Lakers as a starter....they need that intensity and toughness. I think Ebanks should be getting Metta Artest's minutes though!! Metta is dead weight....and so is Fisher (I hate to syay that about Fish but it's true).
dbaerry::One thing I loved about Metta was that one jam he had earlier in the season. When he dunked it, Marv: Metta. World. PEACE!!
dbaerry::Yeah probably, they all sound the same to me
Qzhoopin72::Yeah, I liked that one too....wasn't that Kevin Harlan who made that call though?
boom.shaka::So anyways...Kobe won't pass it unless he trusts the person on the receiving end and he's already said he doesn't trust Gasol (not that I blame him).  The problem is that Bynum isn't ready yet, but won't get ready without touches and that means making mistakes.  One of PJ's gifts -- bigs who don't know how to play like bigs.  So would you rather have Kobe shooting a lot or Bynum learning on the job?
incendy35::Bynum gets touches, he just is getting double teamed now and he doesn't know how to deal with it. First couple games teams were letting him go one on one but now they are pressuring him hard. As a result he isn't demanding the ball like he was.
incendy35::I agree to an extent, not sure they need to force things though. He has been productive all season. I am not worried about him. Lakers as a team look pretty great except for the point guard position. Maybe Morris will develop into that guy, lots of times it takes situations like this one to force guys into a position where they have to grow in a hurry.
boom.shaka::Exactly.  You have to force him to stay active and teach him to handle those situations and that will mean blown possessions.  That's no knock against Bynum....it's a learning curve.  He never had to do it in the triangle so it's natural that he'd take time to pick it up.
boom.shaka::Kobe said Gasol doesn't have a "scorer's mentality".  In Kobe-speak, that means "I don't trust him with the game on the line."  It also comes out in interviews - like last year's "we'll settle for 'Grey Swan' Gasol" comment.
rselig1974::Kobe has never once said he doesn't trust Gasol. He joked about not wanting to pass to Gasol behind the 3-point line only because that's not normally a spot Gasol shoots from.  And, as long as Kobe is hovering around 50% then he should be taking over 20 shots a game.
dbaerry::yeah, why would Kobe call out a teamate on trust issues, especially Pau
Qzhoopin72::Agree....especially when his starting point guard cannot bust a grape anymore!
dbaerry::how many laker fans were present last night?
kezmicdust::incendy35 doesn't get out much.
incendy35::I have lived in the ""LA Area" most of my life and I have yet to meet a Clipper fan. I am not actually sure that such a thing exists.
boom.shaka::Clippers' fans used to sell their seats to Lakers' fans for these games but they didn't do it this time, so the ratio was probably 30-70 Clippers fans.
DobiBro::It is a shame to see the Lakers waste a player like Ebanks and let Barnes start.  Barnes gives us nothing.  Ebanks is taller and smoother, he can defend better and is a better rebounder.  How in the hell did Barnes outplay Ebanks.  Now Ebanks doesn't even sniff the court.  Obviously we need a SF but Barnes is terrible.
gt1master_ike::Barnes would start for the nets
dbaerry::ebanks would start for wizards
DobiBro::Ebanks will be gone, and NO the Lakers are not a better team with Barnes on the court.  The reality is they have a void at SF but do you play a guy that can develop or do you let the underwhelming Barnes take up space?
boom.shaka::If you think those guys wouldn't start on any other team you haven't been watching the NBA lately.  Talent is spread out as thinly as I can ever remember it.  No team is even 4 players deep and only a handful are 3 players deep.  You can thank expansion and max contracts for that.
incendy35::I don't think so, Barnes is a great role player. Been very pleased with him this season.
DobiBro::Barnes sucks and hurts the Lakers.  Neither Barnes or Ebanks would start on any other team.  This is why the Lakers suck
boom.shaka::Barnes is a better player than Ebanks, he just kills himself by spazzing out at the wrong time.
incendy35::Lakers are a better team with Barnes on the court. I like Ebanks but he doesn't fill that role with as much energy and isn't a good passer at all yet. He will get there
DobiBro::seriously what is the point of your post?
dbaerry::by all means, put in ebanks ha
buzzkill90265::the seemingly small CP3 injury is the start of the clipper curse for this season
ItsPlayboyNick::KOBE Is Trying To Stay Relevant As He Can..What If He Gets Hurt AGAIN? The Lakers Will Be Bounced Out The Playoffs Early AGAIN
rselig1974::and the difference between Kobe and most players is that the injury would have to be major for him to not play.  Unlike Wade or many other stars these days.  If Kobe can walk, he's playing.  If Kobe can't play, he's in the back room during games getting treated and doing everything he can to get better, not sitting on the sidelines in a suit.  The dude is hardcore.  I'm pretty sure he has some sort of mental condition to push himself the way he does.  if any star in the NBA earns their money, it's him.
Qzhoopin72::Kobe doesn't have to prove anything to stay relevant....and ANYBODY can get hurt!! That comes with the professional sports terriroty!
rex_coach::Plus, if you listen to fans on these threads, one would think that LBJ is a scrub or something.  I am a HUGE Lebron fan and I would love to see him win, but that won't be good enough for the fans of these ESPN threads.  Forgive me if I'm appreciating his greatness... ;)  Then again, you don't have to...
boom.shaka::Yep....I'm rooting for Lebron to shove it down the haters' throats.
rex_coach::Just by the mere mentioning of him on here, is a CLEAR indication that he is still relevant among fans.  The NBA players and coaches know that he is still relevant...  #justsayin...
gt1master_ike::The only problem with kobe this year is his turnovers are high and his ball handling is not as good because of the wrist
rselig1974::yeah, a dead hand will do that to you.  they should try to keep him as a catch and shoot option. you can see the ball getting away from him on the dribble.
dbaerry::the turnovers and ball handling part is true
Sons Keeper::Ok fellas... til later
rex_coach::peace!
Luclongley_MVP::Isnt it cute that Laker fans still think they are watching a contending team.  Enjoy the first MAYBE second round exit again.
rex_coach::it isn't as cute as the FUTURISTIC fortune or MIS-fortune tellers... lmao
nba is the worst::That's my favorite part about the heatles fans - always either living in the past, with their eastern conference postseason success last year, or the future, with the predictions of winning "this time"
Qzhoopin72::If the Lakers are a 2nd round exit, it won't be the end of the world.  Nobody wins the title every year. WIth that said, the Lakers haver earned plenty of equity with Laker fans, so if we're not good enough to win a title, so be it.  The cute thing is how you Laker haters celebrate EVERY Lakers loss!! It seems that deep down inside, you must expect the Lakers to win a title too!!
boom.shaka::How many franchises would kill to have a second round playoff exit?
nba is the worst::Trade deadline past already?  I guess I missed that
dbaerry::your living in the past, like you said of heatles fans
nba is the worst::If the Lakers can't trade for a PG fast enough to defend starting PGs in the league, they will go out early in the playoffs.  Lakers have a history of doing what it takes to contend, right?
dbaerry::you guys act like a trade will without a doubt happen. I just dont see it, giving up size and all
buzzkill90265::CP3 hurts his hamstring Clippers win the game but lose the season last night
rselig1974::CP3 may be a little injury prone, but he's a tough guy.  he'll be back out as soon as possible.
Luclongley_MVP::Yes because a hamstring injury is season ending.
boom.shaka::Not season ending, but season long.  No way to recover without rest.
buzzkill90265::the guy is a gimp will not fully recover
gt1master_ike::KObe was 5-15 FG at one point and finished 9-13 FG  the rest of the game. He was making buckets and lakers scored 52 in the second half.  Offense was not the problem for them
rselig1974::Here's the thing though, Kobe isn't afraid to fail.  That's sometimes the difference between greatness and someone you'll eventually forget about.  I was a huge MJ fan and believe me, he blew plenty of games gunning and missed a lot of potential game winning shots.... but who remembers those?
incendy35::Defense was good too except for rebounding. Clippers were high energy after rest, Lakers on a back to back. It was one loss, nothign to worry about IMO.
Qzhoopin72::When Kobe shot 6-28 vs Denver, THAT loss was on him for sure...also, that Chicago game on Xmas, Kobe's late misses &amp; turnovers cost the Lakers that game. Last night, the man shot 50% fg's.....and those were good shots he wat taking. Gasol &amp; Bynum both shot well below 50%, which is inexcusable for your bigs. Gasol has to quit being so passive &amp; indecisive with the ball. IMO, he stalls the offense waaaayyy more than Kobe does.
Sons Keeper::Offense wasn't a problem for KOBE. It was for the rest of his TEAM. If you're GUNNNNING while your teammates are forced to spectate as you GUNNN over 2 and 3 defenders, you're teammates aren't gonna give their best effort on defense, or be prepared to contribute on offense
smr1274@gmail.com::Of course they'll be productive, when you're last 3 wins are against the Cavs, Jazz, and Suns.
boom.shaka::They're only slackers when the Lakers lose.  When the Lakers win, they are productive despite Kobe.  Try to keep up please.
gt1master_ike::So basically Kobe has a bunch of slackers for teammates? MJ was the ultimate gunner even in his last 3 peat but his teammates always gave effort on D regardless.
Qzhoopin72::Agree...plain &amp; smiple, the Lakers lost because of getting killed on their defensive glass....and Chris Paul, the best PG in the league had a GREAT game. Give the Clips their props and move on to the next game!!
nba is the worst::How deep was CP3 on that three?  What a talent - he's shooting over 45% from BEYOND the arc
nba is the worst::The rest of the league is THRILLED that he's on the Clips and not the lakers - imagine the difference
gt1master_ike::It was 34 feet. The problem being most of his threes were made while he was wide open. You can't leave an improved 3 point shooter open like that.
VikomnLA::This game meant more to The Clippers than it did to The Lakers, and it may have cost The Clippers 3 losses come next week with a gimpy CP3.  The Clippers have David Stern to thank for this win, and for directing CP3 away from The Lakers.
boom.shaka::Tebow thinks it's unfair that everybody focuses on Kobe...it's a team game.
kobynum::LOL so just cuz lakers lost the game... it's kobe's fault for not getting the bigs involved? He made 42 points off 50% shooting... that's more efficient than any other player on the lakers.. if it weren't for kobe, the lakers might have lost by 15-20.
Qzhoopin72::People have been calling Kobe "selfish" for 16+ years now......and 5 titles and 28,000+ points later, they still don't get it! The guy is a SCORER...a SHOOTING GUARD!!!  He's not a point guard, he's not a decoy, he's not a role player....deal with it!  The Lakers benefit from him shooting the ball....sometimes there's a 7-27 shooting night and the Lakers will lose. But that comes with the territory. Sometimes Albert Pujols strikes out with the bases loaded in the bottom of the 9th and the Cards (now Angels) will lose. That's sports dude!!
smr1274@gmail.com::Look, I get Kobe is a scorer too, but you gotta get your teammates more involved sometimes, not try to do everything yourself. Give those guys more confidence to score also. I mean honestly Bynum killed the Clips in the last preseason game down low, they should've try doing that more, it's not like he was in foul trouble or anything
rex_coach::Who cares if they don't get it.  Kobe was the leading vote getter of the 2011 All-Star game.  These NAYSAYER's on these threads are in the MONORITY, yet for some strange reason, they think that they are the MAJORITY.  Narrow minds never succeed in anything but misery... ;)
kobynum::who cares if he's being selfish? if he wants the scoring title let him have it, as long as he's contributing like he is to help the lakers win.
nba is the worst::Kobe's ego and Mike Brown/John Keuster's offense.  Ladies and gentlemen, your Los Angeles Cavaliers!
dbaerry::its his selfishness that is at fault, not his shot selection. what dont you l.a. faithful understand?
dbaerry::fair enough. but my opinion is correct over yours, in my opinion of course
boom.shaka::Probably because PJ said the exact opposite.  Nothing personal, but I'll take his opinion over yours.
Sons Keeper::He had ample shots to reach 50%. Heck he took 28 of them against a GOOD TEAM. I can guarantee that the Lakers will lose every game against top contending teams when he launches that many shots. He has 2 of the top 5 bigs at his disposal. He's playing ridiculously SELFISH. Man I hope that Bynum raises up outta LA. Now that Phil has left, the ship has sailed.
rex_coach::These morons have to blame someone.  I called them the uneducated.... lol
dbaerry::Kobe's going to be  kobe. What can we do? is what the team will be asking. And theyd respond with play team d and do a lot of traps on the wing while applying pressure in the fast break defense
boom.shaka::Or they could learn how to attack the low post effectively....starting with Kobe.  He could use some work on his entry passes too.
rex_coach::If you want to find immaturity on the internet.  Come to the nearest ESPN thread near you when the Lakers lose a game...  lol
Sons Keeper::Kobe Cultists will disagree that the sky is blue if Kobe refutes it.
rex_coach::Just like you clowns refuse to give him credit for any of his accomplisments.  How is that logic any different?  I'll wait for your intellegent answer... LMMFAO!!!  Too easy...
dbaerry::try me, you kobe rider
dbaerry::like i said, typical arrogant laker "fan". get at me HAHAHAHAHAHA, yeah i can type those letters too
rex_coach::Just call me one that has witnessed NINE titles, I can assure you I'll always be the last one laughing...  HAHAHAHAHA
dbaerry::typical laker fans. o and you type lol too much haha
rex_coach::lol  Exactly....
nba is the worst::He called out to the board in general, interesting that only you answered.  Hmmm...
rex_coach::I spoke the truth and I wasn't specifically talking about you.  Your piehole flew open, truth hurts bro...  Don't taze me bro!  Ah ha hahahahaha
dbaerry::you're the one calling out people on the internet. its idiots like you that need to go away
rex_coach::I already have.  You lack maturity bro...  Plus you are ignorant... lol
dbaerry::deal with my post game analysis then, punk
nba is the worst::(laughing) - namecalling is the refuge of the weak
rex_coach::another fake a..s..s.. internet tough guy... lmao  You can't begin to discuss hoops with me clown...  You don't know enough
dbaerry::u mad bro?
rex_coach::I speak the truth...  lol  If that hurts you, then deal with it... LMAO
gt1master_ike::There used to be a time 08-09 where the lakers would just overwhelm teams offensively while still playing good D.  I don't see that 65-17 laker team anymore. It would seem mike brown's heavy emphasis on D has had an adverse effect on the offense as a whole.
incendy35::Lakers have a very good record, not sure what you are talking about. They won't win every game, no one will.
incendy35::I like this team, even in defeats they have kept it close and competed. The team last year had major effort issues, I don't see that in this team. This team has a playoff team type of feeling to it.
boom.shaka::I think they should compete for the crown in a weak Pacific Division but I don't see this team advancing beyond the second round unless they have some help.
Sons Keeper::There is no defensive scheme that will compensate for a squad full of disgruntled Kobe teammates... those dudes get sick of watching Kobe launch shots over double and triple teames when he could he passing the rock. When Kobe passes, it's an after thought; not to set up his teannates.
boom.shaka::Butler wasn't on the team.  It was Odom, Kwame Brown, Devean George, Brian Cook, Smush Parker, etc and those guys are very, very cr.appy.
incendy35::He was close, Kobe is always an elite scorer. He did lead all scorers in the playoffs two of those years. Kobe's shooting hasn't worried me this year. Actually so far nothing LA is doing worries me, they are playing great ball.
Sons Keeper::Coron Butler andLamar Odom were crappy? What about when he shot the Lakers out of the 04 and 08 championship series?
boom.shaka::He's only led the league in scoring twice -- when they had a cra.ppy roster.
Sons Keeper::Kobe didn't lead the league in scoring ANY of the years that the Lakers won titles... TRUE STORY...
boom.shaka::So they didn't win in 08 and 09?  Or are you suggesting Kobe wasn't as selfish back then?  (he was....trust me)
_mongo_slade_::People were saying this when the Lakers were winning back to back. It's simply not true.
_mongo_slade_::That team was alot younger &amp; more athletic. Different time, different strategy. I think they're doing the right thing by focusing on defense. But it's still a work in progress...
dbaerry::those times are long gone, my friend. we're talking a while before they can achieve such meaqsures
boom.shaka::That was four years ago dude.  Almost an eternity in pro sports.
Sons Keeper::Kobe's 40 point exploits won't work against a good TEAM... Meaning,... HELLO EARLY EXIT FROM THE PLAYOFFS
incendy35::Only thing I know for sure about Kobe is that he has 5 championship rings. Two of those as the only dominant player on his team. Those two happen to be more than D Howard, CP3, DWade, Lebron James, Carmello Anthony, KD and Blake have combined.
boom.shaka::Giving up 17 offensive rebounds doesn't help much either.
dbaerry::kobe bein kobe, whatcha gon do?/
ic0n2900::since shaq left, it's been blame everyone on the team except kobe for a loss. fortunately for the lakers this loss isn't that big a deal, and they are doing fairly well overall. if $h!t got bad though i wonder how things would unfold...
boom.shaka::No, I blame Kobe for the first two losses.  He played like cr.ap in those games.
_mongo_slade_::Lakers lost this one for the same reason they lost games to the Hornets in the playoffs. They can't contain Chris Paul. His ability to constantly break down the defense kills whatever else the Lakers are trying to do. That's why you give up all those offensive boards; everybody scrambling &amp; out of position. On a positive note, Morris looked alot better in this game. His quickness should help out down the road.
boom.shaka::Agreed, but not too many people in the league can contain Paul.  I can live with him beating you, but there's not excuse for allowing Evans to get 6 offensive rebounds.  Not sure how many points that translated to, but when you only lose by 8...
incendy35::It was 25 points. They couldn't even secure rebounds off of missed free throws... UGH. Some of them were just terrible bounces though, it happens. Nothing about that game made me feel the Lakers weren't competitive or had a chance to win it.
_mongo_slade_::It's harder to get rebounds when the bigs are forced to leave their man because CP3 is living in the lane.
nba is the worst::True mongo - the Lakers and CP3 are sad at what might have been...
dbaerry::they lost becuz of lack of DISCIPLINE and HEART. they were a hot mess on the boards and their roll players played like they had pancakes in their bra straps
im_in_mia_bish::is cp3 out with a hammy?
dbaerry::no, hes day 2 day
msu3egg::the clippers got a long road aheah of them b4 they can say la is their town
AndyWhite11::go fuc.k yourself the clippers are the here and now
2bmeizez::This is why the lakers lost. First they got out rebounded by the worst rebounding team in the league. Did kobe shoot too much maybe but he not only was 50% he brought them back in the game when nobody else was doing anything. All you guys talking about the bigs needed more shots notice billups had less shots than both bigs for the lakers and had more points AND THAT'S A 2 GUARD!!!!!! meaning his shots came from outside they should be shooting at least 60% even if they take 10 shots combined. The bigs don't protect the basket or really attack the basket when they get the chance. Bynum doesn't know how to pass out of double teams(which is a big issue). He'd be a monster if he'd pass out of doubles then repost. Teams wouldn't know how to play him. Then all the turnovers are the nail in the coffin. Kobe will run out of gas sooner or later if there's not a big trade in the works. IT'S HARD FOR BATMAN TO WIN WHEN HIS ROBIN IS A JOKER. I'M OUT.......
dbaerry::nice reference
Sons Keeper::Who cares about a darn rape case? I don't! I think that we all know that Kobe doesn't have to rape groupies... My concern is that the PROFUSE GUNNNER is RAPING his own teammates for their shots and the Lakers organization for an opportunity for another title with his selfish pursuit of the scoring title. This is ridiculous. I do believe that Kobe is the most SELFISH athlete in professional sports history.
Sons Keeper::Kobe handles the rock more than good enough to play point. The problem is that he refuses to do what it takes. If he brings it up, he's gonna pound the air out of it then GUNNNNN his way to the scoring title.
incendy35::Kobe missing two ligaments in his right hand. He is also most effective when he has a live dribble on the block. Kobe should not be bring the ball up no matter what they have to do.
dbaerry::ebanks?
lord rustin::Agreed, but what the hell is going on with Fisher, the guy is terrible. Time to put him on the bench.
boom.shaka::What's going on with Fisher is that Blake played like cr.ap last season and is now hurt so they have no choice but to play him.  And no....Morris will NOT cut it.
2bmeizez::This is why the lakers lost. First they got out rebounded by the worst rebounding team in the league. Did kobe shoot too much maybe but he not only was 50% he brought them back in the game when nobody else was doing anything. All you guys talking about the bigs needed more shots notice billups had less shots than both bigs for the lakers and had more points AND THAT'S A 2 GUARD!!!!!! meaning his shots came from outside they should be shooting at least 60% even if they take 10 shots combined. The bigs don't protect the basket or really attack the basket when they get the chance. Bynum doesn't know how to pass out of double teams(which is a big issue). He'd be a monster if he'd pass out of doubles then repost. Teams wouldn't know how to play him. Then all the turnovers are the nail in the coffin. Kobe will run out of gas sooner or later if there's not a big trade in the works. IT'S HARD FOR BATMAN TO WIN WHEN HIS ROBIN IS A JOKER. I'M OUT.......
gt1master_ike::chris Paul is that good a player  when he is scoring and looking to score you put kobe on him to shut him down  Or Force him to give up the ball by double teaming correctly so he can not split traps.
ic0n2900::kobe tried to guard cp3 in the playoffs last year...epic fail
incendy35::But Kobe isn't the answer to guard CP3, he would only draw fouls on him with his dramatics.
incendy35::That tells me that the pick and roll defense was bad not necessarily Morris, bigs were not showing well on the pick and roll.Clippers played a lot of zone on Miami and they have CP3 so what does that tell ya.   No matter how you slice it the Lakers lost because of offensive rebounds. 25 second chance points can not be overcome. Clippers as a whole shot a very low percentage but they also shot the ball a lot more than LA did.
gt1master_ike::Morris was ok. But does it not tell you something that the lakers went zone early in the 4th ?  That was because  CP getting into the lane too much. And then they leave him open at the 3 point line and he buries 2 threes (though to be fair, the first one was from jimmer range)
incendy35::He was part of it, but that wasn't why they lost. I actually thought Morris did a good job, just the bigs kept showing on the wrong side of the pick and roll... ugh
gt1master_ike::CP was part of that though. Everytime lakers got close he made a bucket  I guess my main point is force anyone to beat you but CP. CP normally looks to pass first and when he is you can get away with guarding him with fisher or the rookie. But when he starts looking to score that will not work. Notice he only had 6 assissts tonight but 22 shots.
incendy35::I think Morris, Blake and Fisher have to do it. CP3 didn't beat the Lakers, offensive rebounding did.
gt1master_ike::Who is the answer to guard these west Point guards of westbrook, CP3, lowry,nash,felton?  ALL of them will eat the lakers up this season unless Kobe takes teh challenge of guarding them and forgoing some offense.
THE B.E.A.S.T. - PART 9::"But Kobe isn't the answer to guard CP3"    &lt;--------- Kobe isn't the answer to guard anybody with a quick step and great ball handles.
incendy35::He was also going against a 40 year old and a rookie second round pick without double teams. He took advantage of it as he should have.
tbIce33::Everyone thats rooting for the clippers now are bandwagon fans. Lakers still own that city.
oneandonlybabe::And? Your point? Geez all this whining about bandwagon fans gets old pretty fast. It is what is!
THE B.E.A.S.T. - PART 9::There is no such thing as Bandwagon. Sports just like everything else in life is going draw people to it when its good. Sports would not generate the revenue that it does and it wouldn't be as big as it is in this country if only the so-called "DieHard" fan bought tickets, tuned in or spends there money in whatever fashion they do towards whatever they support. Sports just like everything else needs the "Casual fan and/or supporter".
boom.shaka::Thank you.  I've been a Lakers fan since my dad took me to my first game in 1977, but I'm not crazy enough to say the Lakers' bandwagon isn't huge.  They're fans....it's what they do.
dbaerry::ive been a clipper fan since the chris paul era....
boom.shaka::So.....any chance Barnes could be playing himself into a trade?  He doesn't make a lot of money and is versatile -- could be part of a package to bring in a big or  pg.  Sure, it would be nice to trade World Peace, but in the real world, that ain't gonna happen.  Question is, do you trust Ebanks enough to give him the job full time and could you realistically get value for Barnes?
THE B.E.A.S.T. - PART 9::No joke. Real story. THE BEAST was talking to a Laker fan face to face. This guy told me Kobe didn't get  calls from the refs after the rape case but yet Kobe had his best freethrow attempts totals during the post-rape trial time-frame. Delusional Laker fans.
dbaerry::haha oh ma gawd
boom.shaka::I once heard Phil Jackson complain that Jordan wasn't getting calls so go figure....
VikomnLA::Congrats to The Clippers on winning the game. However, every time I see CP3 in a Clipper uniform it reminds me of what a Fascist-$@%!$@% David Stern truly is. And how much the rest of the NBA truly hates the success of The Laker organization.
dbaerry::hey im a yankee fan so i feel your pain
