Alexander Banks::Fellow Pacers fans:  You guys are missing the point with Brandon Tigues.   This Heat "fan" could be trolling some bullsh*t on any other thread right now, but he chose to come to the Pacers.   Those overly tanned, blazer-over-a-jersey, sunglasses indoors, and too much cologne wearing, fair-weather denying arrogant a*sholes are shook right now.  I say enjoy the hate for what it is: A misguided show of respect.
Alexander Banks::Plus, the dude doesn't look a day over 10 years old.   Do you really think a guy who is still asking his mom for lunch money understands the economic implications of a smaller market's sporting event attendance?  A child interprets that as nothing more than a lack of desire to support.   You guys are basically arguing trigonometry with a door knob.
Scott Hall::Alexander Banks He has pictures of shoes. Enough said
Alexander Banks::Scott Hall, case in point.
Graham Horobetz::I look forward to ESPN's article on Incognito's reaction to the Pacers going 8-0
Scott Hall::LOL
Herb Williams::Hopefully he doesnt describe the game using racial epitaphs!
Shawn Bento::Stephenson messed around and got a triple double.
Drew Schneider::Can we all just go ahead and admit that Larry Bird, overall, is the most impressive basketball man ever. Star Player, successful coach, great G.M. There have been better players, but I don't think anyone has had the post playing basketball success in basketball.
Brad Nordlund::Jerry west has 5 titles as a GM
Scott Hall::Brad Nordlund Never coached
Benny Thai Tran::Brad Nordlund It's not hard when you have Magic, Kareem, James Worthy, and on and on.  Who did Bird have?  The smallest market, Reggie Miller, Rik Smits, Danny Granger, and now PG and the current team.  It's not even a competition.
Scott Hall::You know ya got nothing when ya bring corn. LOL.   Keys to being a Heat fan. !. Defect from Cuba. 2. Dump a bottle of Drakkar down the front of you. 3. But a shirt 3 sizes to small. Lastly, Tell everyone you have been a LeBron fan since his days in College.
Graham Horobetz::I remember when LeBron stayed his senior year at OSU because he just wanted to get that National Title, glad he got it too.
Alan Ogg::pacers fan: step 1. learn how NOT to spell in school and "BUT" shirts
Scott Hall::Alan Ogg Speak louder. We cant hear you that far down in the standings
Lee Brantley::You gotta respect this game. No glitz or glamour just hard-nose basketball between two hard-nose teams from two hard nose cities.  I love my Grizz and we need this more than the Pacers do just to right the ship but the Pacers are playing like bullies on the play ground and it's funny cause that's how we were last year.  it seems that the pacers are mad at the Heat and taking it out on everybody. Gotta love it. If we can get this win then i won't worry at all on the Grizz season but if we lose I don't think it  will be a reason to panic.  Like I said, i love my Grizz but the Pacers are no joke.
Greg Bosgraaf::I'm with you there Lee. I think the Grizz can win in Indy, but I'm not expecting one. If we win it'll be a nice bonus and a huge confidence builder going forward, but no alarms will be sounding if we lose in Indy.
Eric Denning::As a lifelong pacers fan, I naturally want them to keep winning. However, losing to a quality team like the grizzlies would no be the end of the world. They're gonna lose at some point. This is gonna be an old-school, physical, defensive battle. It'll be a fun game.
Graham Horobetz::Do Heat fans coming on Pacers board realize they are simply ruining their fan bases pristine reputation they've built up through their great support shown in Game 6 of the finals for example?
Scott Hall::It was past most Heat fans bed times
Brandon Tigues::Miami's worse year the 2007-08 season 15-67 they still ranked 8th in attendance
Scott Hall::Brandon Tigues Never saw a fan on the message boards
Greg Bosgraaf::Good game Pacers, you guys are the real deal. Thank God we have the Raptors at home next, we need a win like a white guy needs a box of wine.
Herb Williams::Griz are going to get back into the swing of things soon. Miller was a heck of a pick up for the griz as well. Good luck the rest of the way and it will be even tougher for us at memphis when we travel there!
Jeremy Clark::I could really use a box of wine.
Andrew Heitz::triple double for Stephenson.  good god has he come a long way.
Dereck Johnson::I just want 2say how much fun it is 2watch these guys play. A true team, guys that its clear enjoy playing together. When PG hit the shot 2give Lance his triple double. It was even more clear. Thank U Larry 4bringing in this group of true pros who can flat out BALL.
Scott Hall::Very fun team to watch. A lot of effort on the defensive end
Scott Hall::"I have been a LeBron fan since his college days"  Heat fans
Andrew Heitz::8-0.  5 games in 7 nights.  three without starting point guard.  Granger back to practice.  no complaints here.
Scott Hall::Love it.
Steve Perkins::But there attendance is only 22nd!  Sorry, hope the sarcasm is obvious.  Simple question, 8-0 and 22nd in attendance vs 0-8 and 1st in attendance??  No-brainer.  Not sure how attendance numbers should even enter a discussion on athletics.
Steve Perkins::"Their", not "there".  Typing too fast.
Graham Horobetz::The Memphis Grizzlies and the Indiana Pacers ..... the two best teams the mainstream media hates to talk about. Grizzlies got back to what made them so successful last year (+ 3 point shooting from Miller) against GSW, should be a good game. Pacers are clearly playing the best ball in the NBA now, and are the only team that can knock Miami out in the East IMO. Brooklyn is vastly overrated and Chicago has no help for a rusty Rose. I remember thinking maybe 2 years or so ago that Rudy Gay and Paul George were essentially the same type of player, 2 years later, Rudy is still a 40% volume shooter and Paul George is practically a superstar. Optimistic prediction: Grizzlies 93 - Pacers 88
Memphis Tenn::Go Grizzlies!!!!
Graham Horobetz::GG Pacers fan, you got a great team, wish we could have given you a better game, hoping our next meeting will be more competitive and we return to what made us successful last year. Keep the streak going and let Miami goof around and you'll be playing game 7 of the ECF at your place.
Alan Ogg::how does it feel having our left overs? mike miller wont do crap for you guys..
Scott Hall::Alan Ogg Fries up!!
Graham Horobetz::Alan Ogg Your left overs was originally a Grizzlie for 7 years, but you wouldn't know that since you were only a Heat fan since LeBron showed up, he also helped you guys quite a bit in some playoff games I recall.
Scott Hall::You know who says regular season doesnt matter? Fans of teams who are struggling in the regular season at the time
Zack Schooler::Yep. Go look at all the comments from Heat fans last year when they went on their winning streak. Now since they haven't been playing the best ball so far, it doesn't matter
Scott Hall::Rose tweeked his hamstring tonight. Word is Dr's have cleared Rose to play for tomorrow however, he isn't sure he's going to feel right until around 2016.
Ethan Cypress::Meh, no need to beat the dead horse...
Bryce Morgan::Ethan Cypress oh it needs beaten. It needs beaten all the way
Andrew Higginbottom::Time for Grizz to get a stream together. 2 of the best defensive teams in the league. Hope Grizz can take advantage down low, and at the Point. Conley should really be the difference maker for the Grizz.
Greg Bosgraaf::Conley has played great so far in this early season. If he can have a good game we should have a good shot. I think the big factor of the game will be the foul situations for each team. If either team's bigs get in foul trouble it could be a long night for them.
Graham Horobetz::Pacers look like a finals team, don't tell Heat fans, they'll just scoff and say that the regular season doesn't matter after losing to the 76ers and Celtics.
Scott Hall::Its past the Heat fans bed time
Jay Wahl::Well, it's a long season but yes things are looking good right now for Pacer fans. Scola was a huge pickup imo.. Considering they took the Heat to the brink last year with that clown bench. Heat aren't going to just roll over though.
Alan Ogg::typical bozo logic  Heat go 8-0 "oh so what!? regular season dont mean a thing..."  Pacers go 8-0 "z0mg!!!!!!!!!!!!! pacers for da superbowl champs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Ed DeSalle::Enjoy that regular season because just like the Colts the Pacers are CHOKERS! CANT beat the Heat in a 7 game series! FACT!
Scott Hall::Aww. More butt hurt fans
Alexander Banks::Thank you for showing up to the Pacers thread.   We all know the real reason you and Brandon Tigues chose to come here to pop sh*t, rather than any of the other blogs.   We appreciate the (misguided) love, and you're right: You SHOULD be shook.
Scott Hall::Alexander Banks They could talk about the Celtics game Saturday night
Jake Honeycutt::Alan Ogg (Facebook picture looks like a tranny) - Works at McDonalds  Enough said.
Fritz Helio Hieb::Alaina Ogg? Maybe he/she/it should visit a renowned Miami plastic surgeon and just get the job finished in proper fashion so we don't have to look at that horrible picture when he trolls us next time.
Andrew John Feeback::Pacers are allowing 84.5 points per game. Next best team in the NBA is allowing 91 per game.
Steve Perkins::Point differential...10.9, first in league.  Sample size is small here too, through only eight games.  But if we are going to look at home attendance based on 4 games, we might as well look at meaningful statistics through eight games.
Benny Thai Tran::Here's one for the Bulls Fans...Stephenson has more  assists than DRose.  LOL.
Scott Hall::For the year
Benny Thai Tran::Scott Hall What else would I be talking about?  Last year?
Scott Hall::Benny Thai Tran I was actually meaning he has more tonight that Rose for the year
Greg Bosgraaf::If the Grizzlies team that showed up to play Saturday night takes the court in Indy they have a decent shot. It should be a pretty low scoring game, I'll guess that neither team breaks 90. Go Grizz!
Jonah Swidan::Pacers swept the Grizz last year, but both games went down to the wire.  This is no easy win for either team.  Memphis Grizz are like the mirror image of the Pacers in the west IMO.  A team that doesn't have a superstar but they have great chemistry and depth.  I expect this to be a good game Monday and I hope I have the opportunity to go see a game that will be a tough and physical game!  GO PACERS!!!
Dereck Johnson::The Grizz wish they were mirror images of the Pacers. PG24 over Conley, West over Z-Bo, Hibbert over Gasol, Lance over Prince, G.Hill over T.Allen, our bench over their bench, our coach over their coach. I think your thinking of last year tho.
