Andy P Kordyban::76ers win! Nets lose! Kidd should go back to playing or beating his wife!
Johnny Burke::Ricky Mason PJ actually did a pretty good job with this team
Keena Kaur::Never seen a guy that needs more "rest" than Kevin Garnett.
Keena Kaur::Alex Doub , Honestly, he should've retired a few years ago.  He's beyond over the hill.
Jordie Michael Mudd::defense sucks for both sides godddayyuum
Steven Rivera::Nets struggling is laughable with all that talent on that roster they should be 3rd in the East, I understand the Knicks struggling they have a roster full of bums and players out with injuries but the Nets? almost laughable that they are struggling badly
Wade Russ::The Nets don't have injury problems?  DWill was out a good part of the season. Lopez missed time.  Add up Terry and Kirelinko's games payed. 15 and 21 straight games missed for those two, respectively.   Garnett and Johnson sat tonight.  C'mon son.
Paul Sharpe::Wow, Pierce & Garnett, as stellar/stinky as ever...   Brooklyn, @ 9-17, as horrible as possible, in the DISGUSTINGLY bad east...   #pathetic
Ray Jask::THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY HUGE FOR NETS, LOSS HERE THE TEAM IS BACK TO PATHETIC, CAN'T LOSE TO WIZARDS AND SIXES BACK TO BACK WITH THE HORRIBLE START THEY HAD
Mac McAlpin::That was a great Brooklyn Nets highlight video. I almost forgot the Sixers were even playing, and they won!
Pope DaHammer::Yeah Brooklyn has all the star names   so they get all the love in the highlights... most games with the sixers   u woudlnt even know theywere playing
Josh Schwartz::Phew. FINALLY the Sixers win.
Pablo Young::Shout out to FlyGuys
Tim Gourley::NBA's top five point guards:  1. D-Will 2. Damian Lillard 3. Chris Paul 4. Kyrie Irving 5. Tony Parker  Fact.
Simon's Quest::you are High. D-Will is terrible this season.
Ethan Menard::stick to backpacking and let us watch basketball
John Huff::D-will was good when he played for Illinois!
Rene Covarrubias::come on brooklyn let's win this one please!!, no overtime!!! i need the score to be under 225 and if it goes ot, i know it will go over
Pablo Young::MCW is a good player. he helps my Fantasy basketball team :)
John Huff::2nd coming of Penny Hardaway??
Daisy Hidalgo-Gato::NETS SUCK THE BOBCATS ARE BETTER TO ME
Jordie Michael Mudd::can someone on the next make a stop? or am i gonna have to play?
Rene Covarrubias::please no overtime!!!! please!!!
Robbie Dylan D'Ademo::turner!!!!!:)
Resin Veins::MCW has the talent to be a future NBA MVP.
Graham Strouse::"SIXERS! NETS! Someone Has To Win, Right?"
John Osaki Jr.::Jason Kidd should be a player-coach as a back-up point guard! Check out the "Greatness of Kidd, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, and Kevin Garnett in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Mang Artemio::karma nets, you think you can win ball games without playing defense??? you always tend to relax after winning a game. my advise don't bet on this team or you're gonna loose all your money. smh
Jason Kroner::It is "lose" all your money, not "loose".
Adam Lerman::been a net fan since the days of Erving, Kenon, Williamson, Paultz.   But Kidd sucks as a coach..  any other coach and they would be 15-11.  what is Proko waiting for.  get rid of Kidd
Johnny Burke::PJ, or even Avery could have done better
Michael Miszczak::That last play looks like a charge on Turner to me. Pierce should have jumped up to contest the shot but he DID draw what should have been called a charge.
Alex Rud::Lawrence Frank should coach this team. At the very least he has coaching experience and has taken the Nets to the playoffs before.
Abraham Aaron Dominguez::"...setting up Pierce's clutch 3, Boston's 15th of the game." Guess ESPN doesn't know PP plays in Brooklyn now?
Marcus Steinbauer::When a 9-17 team squares off against a 8-19 team, you can only have lowlights. No highlights.
