Peter Krane::Come on, Grizzlies, win another game against a good Hawks team!  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!
Aking Balintataw::David Garcia what's your team?
Graham Horobetz::Game on Tuesday is big, if we win we'll be 3-1 on the home stand and just 1 game under .500. With Marc coming back soon (not sure about the timetable), we should be good. Courtney Lee deal working out well so far for us too
Shanny Salcedo::When healthy the grizzlies are a top 4 team...when marc gasol comes back, the grizzlies are sprinting to the finish(hopefully no spurs in the playoffs)
Barry N McCockiner::If Conley keeps it up and they get Gasol back they could beat anybody I think.
Errol Thomas Jr::Hope so!
Kenny Newhouse::Great Game Grizz! Let's beat OKC on Tuesday!
Kenny Newhouse::Go Grizz!
Rafael Alvarez::The problem is not the players, it's the coaching. You can't win a close game using the same play book. You have to look for alternatives when your top players are un-prodoctive.
Wild Silverback::Really Hawks??... Against this scrubby team???... SMH.
Daniel Stewart::Atlanta is no diamond in the rough. I love my Hawks, but there are no games on our schedule that will be "gimme's"
Morgan Dillon::Memphis is better than the record indicates. You have to remember that they are without Marc, Tony, and Q. They are also doing it in the west. I think they have the ability to sneak into the playoff picture when they get healthy.
Wild Silverback::come on Hawks !!  DO THIS !!!
Landon Pike::Grizz , please put jj or lee in for tony eventually and not to late , I hope daves rotations improve and he doesn't wait too long to make a switch on who is 't playing good or needs to be taken out right then and not wait to long, And please put Leur in a little more than kaufos and please put the conley, jj ,lee , davis ,zbo  squad in the first half and not just at the end of the game in the fourth. thank you. the Real LP of Memphiz
Kyle Cox::Were Tony Allen and Pero Antic both really DNP-CD's, or was that ESPN's mistake? How do those two guys not get on the floor? Antic, specifically, has played well since Horford went down. And Allen doesn't get minutes after starting for years?
Maris Rutkis::Tony Allen has had a left hand contusion for the past 4 games.
Landon Pike::Maris Rutkis  tony Allen sucks ,also his offense is Terrible, horrible, and sucks.
Las Vegas IM::Memphis: The total has gone OVER in 5 of last 5 games at home The total has gone OVER in 6 of last 7 games The total has gone OVER in 5 of last 7 games when playing Atlanta The total has gone OVER in 4 of last 6 games when playing at home against Atlanta current total by sportsbook dot ms is 191
Daniel Stewart::Hawks will be coming into this game on a nice 2 game win streak, Indy and Houston. They have been playing rather decently without Horford (4-4 with wins against BOS, IND, and HOU) which is good to see. Antic has filled in nicely (8.3ppg 4.8rbg) with big games against GS and IND. Millsap continues to do what Millsap does. Memphis has been playing good ball lately, but has had a rough schedule. This should be a good one. ATL 95 MEM 89
Trent Conheady::Good game Memphis, disappointing that the hawks couldn't pull it out, but  losing antic hurt us. Also I think Atlanta were a little burnt out mentally after beating Houston and Indiana in very hard fought games.
Shanny Salcedo::Looking for my boi Mike Conley to have another big game....I also think the grizz should go after Kirk Hinrich.....He is a veteran combo guard who can shoot, defend, and run the offense which is something nick calathes can't do and why he must go along with Ed Davis
Jeremy Bergman::Ur an idiot hinrich sux
Charles Corteezy::Looking for Antic to stretch the floor putting the Memphis bigs in uncomfortable defensive situations. Mike Conley will need to focused on as well. Looking forward to another heart stopper. GO HAWKS!
Wild Silverback::Hawks should be ashamed of themselves... The Grizz are horrible... Just SMH...
TyTy Hunt::U know it the hawks r GOOD the grizzlies on the other hand......
Graham Horobetz::Are better, I agree
TyTy Hunt::Come on show u can do it without al horfffffooorrrdddd
Daniel Stewart::5-5 without him so far isn't all that bad in my opinion. Tough loss tonight, but I'll still take the wins against Indy and Houston. Let's go Hawks!
Trent Conheady::Atlanta really need to get some wins on the road
Darcy Belford::you guys like the under of 95 at half?
Errol Thomas Jr::Good win Grizzlies!
