bobby sunshine 25::PLEASE !!!  Watch the replay slowly , and you can see Humphries barely hit Garnett on the foul , and am sure  Rondo does not enter  a cell with just him and KH , but acts the tough guy when he has lots of help.     That foul was nothing more than  Garnett off balance and minimal contact .    Garnett never cheap shot's anyone right ???
Mr. Bradford::Kris Humphries just did that to antagonize the Celtics and nothing more. He's like the Sean Avery of basketball. It worked, his team won, and Rondo got suspended.    Hook, line &amp; sinker.
MeanEarlene::I just saw the video of the melee. What are these guy's thinking going into the stand's.It appears to me they went right threw a little kid in there zeal. Give me a break, I hope his father sue's the shi? out of all involved.
iso-joe7::Joe johnson hands down did the best ankle breaker this year... if i was paul pierce i would have went home after that play..
celtsfan91477::ONCE AGAIN THE NBA REFS COST US A GAME AND ARE THE REASON THIS WHOLE THING STARTED!!!  IF THEY HADN'T INTENTIONALLY GIVEN THE NETS A 15-1 FT ADVANTAGE UP TIL THAT POINT, THIS DOESN'T HAPPEN.
Prepare to be enlightene::Celtic scum
Str8 Cash Homey 4ever::Classic thug show.  Gotta love it.
Crooklynism::Brooklyn bench outscored Boston bench 52-18, LOLOL
earlealston::When PP got crossed it reminded me of when Charlie Murphy challenged "Prince" to a pick-up......LOL
iso-joe7::He didnt look over paid on that play
JLJR1154::It reminded me of some previous comments about overpaid iso Joe. He was isolated with Paul Pierce, but somehow Paul was crawling on the floor while iso was sinking a jumper.
oneandonlybabe::Haha Skip just called Garnett out for flopping. If even a clueless guy like Skip could see that wasn't a hard foul, you know it was pretty obvious. Wonder where is that dude that was on here earlier talking about how bad it was and that he knew cause he plays BB....
kcheck212::Funniest part of the game was watching Pierce fall to his knees trying to defend  Joe johnson during that dribble show.
ccujav2108::THis has happened twice in the past week or two now.
gklein1908::thats not a real fight -Metta World Peace+Stephen Jackson
kjdaman1::nothing like the malice from the palace eight years ago.
torrtis::And I thought the refs watched the replay. Why was Humphries ejected?
oneandonlybabe::According to refs: 1 tech for foul (BS call) 1 tech for fighting. Translation: They were in Boston, they knew they had to eject Rondo so to soften the blow for the crowd they ejected 2 Nets players.
torrtis::Fighting call is bs, how else to react when someone pounces on you. KG should have been ejected too.
suchita216::2 Technicals.
torrtis::Thanks.
suchita216::Talking about 3 game suspension for Rondo.
angryrat2424::I'm a knicks fan and wanted to get some feeling from the celtics and nets fans. Obviously i dont like either team, but the actions by the celtics were down right unclassy and bush league. Theres no other way around it. Garnett flopped, humphries hardly touched him, and then lil $@% rondo comes over acting like a thug and starts !$@%. This kid will never learn. The celtics are full of unclassy, downright dbags on their team it makes me sick... No shock that this was all started by garnett and rondo. I seriously cannot stand Garnet... always been and always will be a fuking !$@%!.
suchita216::Boston Celtics better wake up and realize that all other teams in Atlantic Division has got better, and are hungry and bring the intensity every night from the start.  They are no longer the favorites in this division.
kjdaman1::true, they haven't matched their opponents intensity all season so far, including brooklyn which beat them twice. a change of scenery are doing them some good.
BOSTONCELTICS1818::17....17!!! Offensive rebounds is why we lost and will continue to lose until we can learn to box out! trade brandon bass and a couple picks for Josh Smith...and than with bradley coming back we will be just fine
BOSTONCELTICS1818::Because they risk losing smith via free agency...There is a good chance that he walks away in free agency and the hawks are left empty handed...and I was just throwing bass out there could be sullinger or a number of other players for him and maybe another team gets involved to make the numbers work
JLJR1154::What makes you think Atlanta wants to give you Smith for somone you don't want and potentially meaniless draft picks? Kevin McHale is not the GM in Atlanta.
BOSTONCELTICS1818::The 2 guys i have wanted for years is terry and smith...We now have terry now just need Smith...I would love to see bradley back at sg and see the Celtics pickup a true veteran ball handler
BOSTONCELTICS1818::pg: Rondo/Bradley sg: Terry/Barbosa sf: Pierce/Green/Joseph pf: Smith/Sullinger  c: Garnett/Wilcox/Collins
BOSTONCELTICS1818::than send them Courtney lee too
_I Am A Celtic_::Still about $1.7mil off but I agree with the proposal.  Only doing it if Smith signs long term though
_I Am A Celtic_::Your trade does not work financially
Dustin-32::you call that a fight??  -Metta World Peace
kjdaman1::man, no beer thrown.
jerseyadam87::Rondo and his cocaine nails
iamparadise::When I saw the headline Rondo Humphries and Wallace ejected, I was like damn... Rasheed Wallace plays for the other NY team and he still somehow got into the fight?
kgfootie::the foul wasn't even a hard one...  and though humphries was a fool for marrying kardashian - he should NOT be ejected for defending himself.  Rondo attacked him... that is stupid.
kjdaman1::kim doesn't love kris &amp; boston fans don't either.
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
obxguy1::None of this matters! Bottom Line! If Boston doesnt start rebounding and playing better defense, They are done! you can talk all you want about the Cs turning it on after the AS break. But its not gonna happen with this team! Green has been a BUST!! Terry , a BUST!, Lee, a BUST! at this point, KG is the BEST player on this team! and thats sad to say at this point in his carreer. and if DOC doesnt start making them make a better effort on the Glass, DOC should go to! This team has too much talent to be playing like this!
BostonCsFTW::rondo best then KG and pierce Terry has played well and green is spotty all the other ppl arent playing well
kjdaman1::he better get that tetanus shot in brooklyn, not boston, lol.
jerseyadam87::lmao...rondo... what a female
oneandonlybabe::LOL How did he get to scratch him like that? You'd think some chick with strong, long fake nails did that to him.
BOSullivan1234::Rondo is a poor sport and cry baby  -LeBron James
kjdaman1::it's lebron's fault.
ChompChompFL::https://pbs.twimg.com/media/A81wBsJCcAAq1L6.jpg  Garnett tripping up Humphries so the Alien can push him into the stands
JDoc311::Thanks for posting this.  I saw this too, and this is why I think Garnett should get a game, for the trip and punching Wallace.  Rondo should get 3-5 games, for instigating it.  I don't see the Nets deserving of any of it.
President of TROLLS::Kris Humphrie thinks he's tough huh, immature $@%!
brandonlee561heat22::lol, it wasn't even a fight. Humphries fouled KG, and that should have been the end of it. I guess Rondo thought a pushing match was better than passing Stockton's assist streak.
JDoc311::It wasn't Hump at all.  He fouled Garnett.  Not even a hard foul.  Garnett FLOPPED it out, and sold it.  Rondo attacked Hump.  Watch the highlights before you run your mouth.
President of TROLLS::no I prefer to run my mouth before watching the highlight, it's the way of the troll.
KinickDiaz::both teams suck!!.......... just a matter of who sucks more...
JDoc311::10-4 is a nice sucky way to start then.
GravityKing::deleted
GravityKing::Fireman Ed should start cheering for the Nets--N-E-T-S, etc.
johnnyalexis14::N ever  E nd T he S eason  J ust E nd T he S eason
agoods03::LOL at Humphries getting beat up by Rondo
jerseyadam87::or you mean getting scratched up by Rondo's cocaine length nails?
why.so.mad.braaah::"That foul was a hard foul. It was an unnecessary foul. The play was over and then he pushed him down in the air. But I think that's what they think of us: They think they can push you around.""  You know, I just lost all respect for Doc Rivers. That was NOT a hard foul, KG flopped and immature impulsive Rondo started it all. Classless Boston keeping it real. So glad Allen left.
kjdaman1::kg as old as he is now, his feet was barely off the ground.
johnnyalexis14::Brawl?  hardly, I love these headline writers.  I'm so done with overhyped headlines, no journalistic integrity.  As for the play, Rondo is and always will be a punk.  If that snot nose does not get involved there is no 'brawl'.
GravityKing::Ruckus!
cannibal48::Garnett is such a $@%!$. Humphris just put his hand on him and then Rondo acted like a little bi#$h and had to start s#it.
King Gopher2::Weak foul, KG flopped big-time and Rondo got butthurt. Why was Humphries ejected?
_I Am A Celtic_::Are you ret.arded?  He flopped while being hit mid air?  Wow you're stupid
NYChe21::Oh please.  There isn't an NBA player who wouldn't have fallen on that play, if only to try and draw the foul call.
JDoc311::Yeah, he landed then acted like he was shot.  Watch it and remove your homer St. Patty's day Celtic Beer Goggles.
Empire State Sports::Boston bums
GravityKing::Okay, now I've watched the replay and that's ALL on Rondo.  The refs had the call and were undoubtedly about to give Humphries a technical and that would have been that until Rajon over-reacted out of loyalty to the Big Ticket.
King Gopher2::Not even close to a technical foul. That was a common NBA foul and was actually pretty weak until K.G flopped like a little girl. Rondo was just being a little $@%!$.
JDoc311::It wasn't a tech.  But, don't get hung up on the superlatives.
GravityKing::I can understand you arguing it wasn't a technical foul, but you lose your credibility when you say it's "not even close."
garnolfini::No more assist streak. Very sad.
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
duro.::not me, i like it when the Celtics lose ;)
JDoc311::Nets have a lot of non-bandwagon fans.  Brooklyn has a lot of non-bandwagon fans.  Plus a Celtics fan calling anyone band wagon is funny.  That'd be like a Yankees fan calling a fan of any team band wagon.  Us Nets fans that lived through Drazen's car wreck, the Kidd years, and 12-70 think you can kiss our backsides, Boston homer.
_I Am A Celtic_::My bad.  Do you want a hug?
duro.::ahh that's mean
_I Am A Celtic_::Nobody cares what you bandwagon fans think
ciorizzo::Even Doc Rivers called his team soft lol.  How could anyone defend Rondo and the Celtics ?
maxcrusader::Kris Kardashian fights like a girl.
GravityKing::ESPN'S video should come with a disclaimer: "No game action, most importantly not the play in question or the so-called brawl, but you can watch a phone call to a reporter who was actually at the game."
cbbaseball19::You have to skip the first two videos....
GravityKing::Now you tell me. :)
cbbaseball19::Unreal.  If anyone thought that was a hard foul, stick to watching the ballet.  Rondo is a punk, always has been.   Im glad he lost that streak because of his own stupidity.
duro.::you are correct sir!
bigapplemortgage::I'm not biased, don't care for either team nor any players involved.  Firstly, this was no 'brawl', I'm sick and tired of new school pu$$ie$ using the term brawl any time something gets physical.  This was an aggressive shoving match, at best.  Secondly, Kris Humpries, who is a $@%!$@, did not even foul Garnett hard, at all.  In fact, it was just a regular foul no malice involved.  Thirdly, I found it funny how tough guy Garnett was getting worked by Wallace and showed how not tough he really is.
Ucannotbesirius::I agree!  Wallace is no tough guy either.  He is from Philly, but was sheltered by his catholic school environment.  He's really good at tantrums though.
stathusker::I was hoping that getting in a fight would make Mike and Mike talk about something besides the NFL, but no, two full segments about who the 49ers are going to start at QB.
GravityKing::When the show is called Mike and Mike you can't be surprised when they repeat stuff.
TheSportsAthority::I quit watching Mike and Mike several months ago.
NYChe21::Neither of those guys can talk anything but football.  Barely college football too.
duro.::hahahaha @ Rondo trying to fight anyone.  i take dumps bigger than him!
coljetsfan::Kris Humphries is a punk.  Anyone who marries a Kardashian is already jacked up in their head anyway(see Lamar Odom)..
