Duane Mathias::For those of you confused about the Cavs/Bulls trade, let me clear this up for you.  The Cavs got Luol Deng and his Bird Rights going forward.  This means they can pay him more on his next contract than anyone else, thus will have a good opportunity to sign him IF THEY DONT SIGN SOMEONE ELSE.   They traded away picks that will be the next Darnell Jackson, Luke Harangody, and Jon Leuer.  Dan Gilbert threw in a couple of days profits at the Horseshoe Casino.  The Cavs get to show the NBA what they will look like with a REALLY good small forward.  Mmmmm.
George Chip Thayer::Welcome Deng!    Been waiting for you for a few years now.
Ryan Hastings::People crying about 2nd round picks when the Cavs still have the Heat's and Grizzlies' first round picks in 2015 plus their own in 2014 and 2015.  There's only 15 roster spots on a team and they'd rather have the team-friendly 4 year 1st round deals on their roster than non-guaranteed second round picks.  They also still have 3 second round picks in 2014 and there are likely to be some good players at where they're picking (#33, #40, wherever they pick) since the draft is deep.
Ryan Byrne::Is that the best half of basketball since the LeBron/Cavs era...seriously though.
George Chip Thayer::I can't remember those days hanging a night like this.  Not saying they didn't have, I just can't remember.
Tony Frenden::You heard it here first. Cleveland will not lose another game this season.
Shawn Bento::Cavs will claim #7 seed drawing the Heat in the first round.  Cavs beat Heat in 7 games.
Tony Frenden::Troll.  Cavs will sweep.
Renz De Palma::Hopefully.
Jake Gilliland::and whos gonna have the top spot if the Heat are #2 ????????????????????????????????
Michael Shen::Deng + Irving lets make a splash!!
Shoot Jung::Cavaliers will win!
Ryan Hastings::Happy to see CJ have the game he's having.  Cavs would be sign to keep him a-la Thabo Sefolosha for the Thunder.  Experienced player, old in terms of NBA mileage, but truly still a young guy as he came in straight out of high school, plays hard and works just as hard if not harder than everyone on the Cavs.  That's the type of pro the Cavs need to build the team around and the way he plays the two and his ability to play the 3 fits the Cavs so well.
William Bergmann::I was at the game last night...  Anthony Bennett is absolutely terrible.  He was turning the ball over and bricking shots in the paint in garbage time, had several offensive fouls...  The only thing he did that was positive was pulling down a few boards.
Jake Gilliland::How did they NOT gaurd CJ all night...i mean maybe not after the first couple of 3's but..Cmon Man! But glad to have Kyrie back and cant WAIT to see Luol in the line-up...Cavs coming out of the Lottery Cellar w a Bang!
Colin Niemczura::People are complaining about trading away draft picks...obviously those haven't helped us much these past few years so why not? Excited to see what we can do with a BIG big man. And hey will how bad the East looks...we still have a shot...
George Chip Thayer::Those two second round picks (2015 and 2016) were from a team that would've netted the bottom end of those drafts in successive years.    The 1st round protected pick is from the Hickson trade and will most likely turn into a 2nd round pick by 2017.    They didn't give away much and could possibly save this season. Cavs still own their picks in those years, plus others from other trades.   They still have a lot of assets in case there is another trade down the road, like maybe February if Deng can help turn this club around in time.
John Osaki Jr.::76ers fans, turn-back-the-clock and check the great Charles Barkley in the new book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Christian Shea Loyacano::Biggest question: Can the Cavs stay healthy now??? Jeesh what's the deal with these trainers? Can't keep these boys in game shape?
Travis Alexander::Glad to see the Cavs take this in such convincing fashion, but CJ Miles will never have a game this good again in his life.
Blaine Bam Bam Drake::he had like 4 40pt games with the jazz ..n made 8 3s last year on Brooklyn with the cavs.....js
Patrick Foote::Evan Turner with possibly the worst stat line of the year so far. Thanks for the -7 fantasy points.
Brodie Wray::Kyrie's assist numbers went to double digits as soon as the Deng trade was announced.
Sam Teele::kyrie is a south of 6 apg, i am a cavs fan but i think predicting 10+ is unrealistic i believe 8 to be more reasonable
Ryan Byrne::Sam Teele I agree. With his scoring, 8 a game is great though.
Ryan Williamson::I would of thought mark price would of had that record before miles.
Pascal Peng Qin::T.YOUNG BCOMS PIECE OF SXXT AFTER NAMING BEST PLAYER OF THE WEEK ~:(
Austin Sanderson::That's what I'm talkin' about! Tank Mode Gangstas!
Tony Hartmann::Philly's defense is absolutely brutal.
Daniel Kiraly::now the cavs have to do this a lot more to make the playoffs
Bobby Ward::Both these teams suck massive donkey dick
George Chip Thayer::Never done that before and I'm not about to try.   But while we're at it, what's it like donkey expert?
Renz De Palma::Bring back Cavs in NBA Playoffs!
Pascal Peng Qin::e.turner 4 pts~ t.young o pt~ w t h~~~~:(
