Shawn Bento::Great overall performance by OKC again on the road.  And Grizz fans, your team will get things together once your guys get healthy again.
Greg Bosgraaf::I hope you're right man. They seemed to finally have it all figured out after that big roadtrip when Marc went down, been a rough start to the season for sure. Good luck OKC fans.
Shawn Bento::Greg Bosgraaf, Memphis is probably the team I keep up with most behind OKC... Without Gasol and Allen, Grizz are missing a major defensive presence.  They will be fine.
Joe Brooks::It will be nice when the "so-called" experts finally recognize that Westbrook is truly the best PG in the NBA.
Adam Youman::Another solid opportunity for Russell to get a triple double. Beast
Thomas Kaplan::Russell is officially a triple double threat every night
Anderson Daniel::B2B for OKC. Won't be easy. But here's hoping for a Thunder win!!
Jeff Elkins::they dont have gasol, pondexter and few others. In light of this, its hard to imagine OKC losing this game. 17-4.
Greg Bosgraaf::I'd be shocked if my boys pull it off tonight, we're hurting in a bad way right now.
Latece K Christmon::I bet Mike Miller wish he came to OKC now.
Thomas Kaplan::I'm happy, OKC doesn't need him. We have Lamb, and we'll save the money for free agency next year.
Graham Horobetz::Miller isn't one to leave a team and city that he spent 7 years of his career playing for simply because things aren't going well
Latece K Christmon::Graham Horobetz Leave a team?  Miller played for the Heat last year.
Ron Hardaway::Memphis would be better off if they could put the coach on the injured reserve for the rest of his career worst decision in basketball history
Greg Bosgraaf::Reggie Jackson will be a great player in this League I think, I really like his game.
Adam Youman::that, my friend, is the problem. too good to be sitting on the bench playing behind westbrook. he may wise up
Greg Bosgraaf::Adam Youman Do you mean that like he thinks he's too good to be sitting on the bench and he needs to adjust his attitude, or like he needs to go somewhere where he can start?
Adam Youman::Greg Bosgraaf i think he has a great attitude actually. i just think that eventually hes gonna make the same move harden made. he would be a great starter on alot of other teams. i hope he doesnt leave tho
John Keros::To me, OKC is the EASY favorite to rep the WC in the finals.
Bronya Vogel::I remember grizzly fans saying that injuries are excuse. You can't use them as reasons for a loss bla bla bla. After second round last year, now it's their team it's okay to use that excuse.  Funny how that works.
Melissa Schmidt Russell::I think having FOUR players out due to injury is a little different than one person. Westbrook is very valuable but losing Gasol (our most valuable offensive tool) and Allen (our defensive leader) as well as two key bench players for this game is a more plausible "excuse" for us losing. That doesn't mean others don't have to step up and play but to compare the games is just silly. We had 9 active players (mostly bench guys) against one of the best squads in the NBA. Even the truest Grizz fan knew we were going to lose.
Bronya Vogel::Sounds like more excuses. And sugar coat it how you will but it is still playing the injury excuse card. So it looks like Karma has come to town for the grizzly and much deserved. The only reason grizzly made it to wcf is the Westbrook injury. Grizzly are getting payed back for the way they treated Hollins, even with every player they have played like, crap this season. Anyways enjoy missing the post season.
Graham Horobetz::Why is it so hard for us to have Miller feed Zach the ball? When Tayshaun does that, the defender will play off because he doesn't have the range. To me, when Tayshaun attempts to it ruins spacing and leads to poor shots.
Adam Youman::Scores a point per minute with 9 assists 2 steals and 6 rebounds. Didn't get that triple double but still what a great game
TooBig TooStrong::Memphis just doesnt have the fire power (or coaching) to do what they've done the past 2-3 seasons...
Ellis Marcelle::The Thunder are hoping that Reggie Jackson and Jeremy Lamb are going to produce solid, role playing numbers (20 points and 40-42% 3-pt shooting combined) to alleviate the absence of Harden. If this is accomplished, this WILL be a Thunder-Heat rematch in 2014 Finals.
James Allen::I totally agree with you  Joe. Hollins had the team going in the right direction. Now it looks like we are starting over.  Don't think the team will make the playoffs this year.
Ayn Bland::Grizzlies always give the Thunder fits.  I don't care how much of a funk they're in right now, they're a danger.  I am going to miss seeing Gasol bounce an inbound off Russ' face, though.  Anything to stoke his fire.
Latece K Christmon::Not anymore, they got rid of Lionel Hollins, worst decision in Memphis history.
John Osaki Jr.::Kevin Durant is the MVP of the league right now! Big-time Durant fans, check out the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Willie Woodberry::Looks like "Killer Miller" is going to have a long offseason this year... very smart choosing the Grizzlies over the Thunder
Greg Bosgraaf::Hindsight is 20/20 man.
Latece K Christmon::I only need to watch one half of this game.  Thunder win, Grizzlies can't generate enough points to even come close to beating the Thunder.  Cya guys next game!
Joe McGivern::I am guessing the Grizzlies are regretting letting Hollins go.  I never could understand that move, myself.
Ellis Marcelle::They will not only regret it, they will loathe the day that Hollinger made that decision. All the metric stats in the world will NOT be able to duplicate a quality, winning coach who mastered the art of player relations while maintaining his leader of the pack position.
Reginald Corrington::I have to agree, as long time OKC Thunder Fan the grizzlies were always the team I feared. With Randolph and Gasol on the inside, gay on the perimeter you had a team to be reckoned with. I have no idea why your ownership wanted to dismantle a championship contender.
Josh Schield::Spurs sure were  glad that memphis beat OKC last year so its free ticket for spurs to enter the finals.. MEMPHIS cant! beat spurs.. Only OKC can.
William Cooper::Not to mention, the Grizzlies haven't ever been to the WCF in franchise history. I knew there would be a problem with that to cause them to get swept.
Matt Borba::OKC without Westbrook wouldn't have done much against the Spurs last year though.
Bo Boyce::Thunder just have to much depth and the Grizzlies struggle to score. Regardless of injuries.
Greg Bosgraaf::I'm not sure about that completely. I'm not going to say that if the Grizzlies were completely healthy that they win this game, because that is 100% speculation. I do think that they have a great shot of beating the Thunder in a 7 game series though if everyone is healthy.
Peter Knowe::cant see where Griz can score enough with this line up against OKC, OKC scores way too many bad matchup tonight
Justin McElhaney::OKC bench has already scored over 30 points...which means OKC is goingto win again
Greg Bosgraaf::That is one of many reason why OKC will win tonight, my boys are hurting...
David Anthony::I'm hoping for a thunder/ pacers nba finals ..that would be fun to watch.
