XCuse::make the Lowry deal - Felton has been awful this year - Felton may be the better shooter but Lowry is smarter in that he knows when and where to put the shot up...  Lowry is better at getting the other players the ball when and where they need it...   problem is, what happens if Raptors insist on Hardaway in the deal - Toronto has let it known they don't like Shumpert and the Knicks need another salary to make it work - Metta is a fit and his presence has not had the hoped for toughening of the Knicks
Basketball::It's great to see Stoudemire playing well again. Hopefully he's completely recovered and keeps it up.
Commenter::another 33% shooting night good for 70 something again!!!  Really hard to watch night after night...
Badomen::Why didn't the Bulls keep Nate Robinson who could get very hot at times and actually put the ball in the hoop. Instead I see Captain Clank (Dunleavy) shooting away at 30% and helping the opponents while assuring and preventing any Bulls victories.
RPMcMurphy::The Bulls will be NBA Champions in 2015. Boozer will be amnestied after this season and Mirotic will take his place, while they will have much better draft choices plus the Bobcats selection. Better health and luck is all they need. 2014-'15 depth chart:  PG - Rose/Teague/2014 2nd rounder. SG - Butler/Snell/minimum salary free agent. SF - 2014 1st rounder/Dunleavy/minimum salary free agent. PF - Mirotic/Gibson/Murphy. C - Noah/Bobcats 2014 1st Rounder/minimum salary free agent.  Deng, Hinrich, Mohammed and James are all free agents who will not be re-signed.
Wrongway::Stop calling timeouts and get this garbage over.
Kobe For 3.....Clank!::Thank God the next game is between two teams that are actually in the NBA.
Kobe For 3.....Clank!::Network TV companies should be fined for the rest of the year for showing the Knicks play this year.
Eric M::Knicks need to get rid of Felton and get a younger and more athletic pg.  When felton is on the floor there is no ball movement, he is too slow to get in the paint, can't play D, and when his shot isn't falling he is useless.  Just look when Udrih is on the floor and prigioni they actually get some ball movement and play some D at the point
TNA Fan::Rumors say Chicago might be interested in Melo, here are the facts Deng and Boozer are leaving THIS SUMMER, Bulls GM ( Gar Forman) Wants to  pair Derrick Rose'' with another superstar one who is a scorer and get ''his own shot. Besides for Rose they never had shot creator,probably don't want him to come back feeling he has to carry the team by himself..
