Zeke Mansfield::why can't people spell lose properly?
wagimus::Every time I check the Bobcats box scores -- I feel like one person is missing, and another is added. Thing is, I have no idea who either of them is.
Ubernichtbekannt::Raptors have been doing pretty awesome since Calderon came back into the rotation, not to mention Bargnani getting hurt. If they get something decent in return for him, I would definitely say that this is a potential playoff team.
cordovader::completely agreed. But too many wasted matches at the beginning of the season...
RZA_CONSOLE::wtf charlotte   get rid of mullins STAT  you need defense
jeff050578::Everyone please do the right thing and vote David Lee to the All Star team.
RZA_CONSOLE::don't forget rudy gay
secueritae::That's the funniest thing I've read all day, thanks for the laughs :)
Poor Oregon::This will be Charlotte's lineup in a few years: pg: Kemba sg: Andrew Wiggins sf: MKG pf: Cody Zeller C: Bismack Biyombo
joest2003::I really hope not
This_Guy1::Oh Charlotte, how did we ever loose to you?
DR HORSE 2::casey said pound the rock ......... bargnani  thought he said in translation " pound the pasta"
Tommy72931::Just noticed Pietrus picked up a well-deserved DNP-CD
laytonwasasocialist::ok, time to drink myself to sleep.  I hope I dream of Acy's beard.  until next time...
DR HORSE 2::get a room
toronto-vigilante3::...everytiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime we say goodbye....I cry a little...everytiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime we say goodbye, I wonder why, a little................
laytonwasasocialist::Get off my fu.cking lawn!!!
19brom::hahaha
toronto-vigilante3::Raps are gonna get spanked in their next 10 games and go back to the mean...  I see them going 4 - 6 at best.  This team should go in and beat the Lakers.....if they can't, then they're truly that bad.
19brom::i agree with that, i just dont think the lakers are that bad, expecially the way they always play us
19brom::???? not a chance
toronto-vigilante3::If Philly can go in there and beat them....so can the Raps.
Mr. Bradford::Beat last years win total in the teams first 13 games, then lose the rest. It's sad to see that the once 7-5 'Cats are now 9-26.
Budd1087::so sad
laytonwasasocialist::Junel Escobar is dogsh*t.  Now i feel better.
toronto-vigilante3::Rajai is GOD on the bases.....
gri400::not really, he's a stupid baserunner
laytonwasasocialist::not really.  he's just fast.
jays hit moonshots::he'll be god for the rays
etony3314::The Bret Saberhagen theory? I thought it was the Josh Beckett theory.
laytonwasasocialist::ahh, the bret saberhagen theory.  i didn't know Junel fit that mold,
jays hit moonshots::he's good every other year. he's due
laytonwasasocialist::he'll be the same spoiled, petulant, slefish, whiny jerkov he's been his whole life.
gri400::Rajai Davis is not a starter, not now, not ever.  ahh that brings back memories
laytonwasasocialist::sans any francisco for '13 is a positive too/
joest2003::Kemba is our best player he needs to start attacking the paint more, on that team we need him taking 20 shots not 10
Michael385170::What else d you want the guy to do juggle and stand on one foot?  Come on they lost, get over it.  I have gotten over it 26 times this season and 59 times the last.  Dunlap will figure out something.
gri400::honestly i love our bench.  Tross, Double A+, lowry, ACY, Amir (when jonas gets healthy). not too shabby
gri400::being a good bad team is fine with me this year
wnsj89::Pietrus and Kleiza are not needed anymore tho, as well as Gray and Bargs...I would be happy to package them for anything
laytonwasasocialist::we have played the top teams.  it didn't go well.  their schedule has been easy of late and they have taken advantage of it.  They are a good, bad team.
jays hit moonshots::need to see the raps play some of the top  teams. raptors have had a soft schedule
wnsj89::yeah, sorry, I edited :)
gri400::Pietrus was a stopgap i think, didnt even play tonight.As long as Tross keeps getting better he wont be playing much, if at all
laytonwasasocialist::and bargs
19brom::rod black is a terrible broadcaster, anyone else with me on that one
Tommy72931::He just knows nothing about basketball... I still remember he was making such a big deal about the Raps beating the bulls in 96-97...
laytonwasasocialist::in fairness, it is the pinnacle of the organization's success thus far.
jays hit moonshots::out of place doing basektballl  should stick to figure skating
laytonwasasocialist::he calls a mean reprechage in olympic rowing
wnsj89::the Knicks are collapsing, 4-6 in last 10, getting blown out again tonight
jays hit moonshots::melo just needs to fight someone
laytonwasasocialist::he's too busy eating honey nut cheerios
Michael385170::Laker Losers answer this, is it considered a GREAT WIN when the Lakers only beat the Bobcats (whom I root for) in LA by just one? Prepare for defeat, the Raptors will beat you twice and the Bobcats will have their revenge in Charlotte
hokies63::Lakers &lt; NY Jets
hokies63::Auburn Football &gt; LA Lakers
Michael385170::No,  Jacksonville Jaguars &gt;Lakers
laytonwasasocialist::Southern Miss ftb &gt; Lakers
Tommy72931::My high school junior team of 1996 &gt; Lakers
laytonwasasocialist::oh man you are old!
Michael385170::Maryland Eastern Shore (NCAAB, in MEAC) &gt; Lakers
laytonwasasocialist::ha! epic.  Elon would crush them too
jays hit moonshots::redclaws&gt;lakers
laytonwasasocialist::insert random d-league team here&gt;lakers
gri400::bobcats&gt;&gt;&gt;lakers  Raps&gt;&gt;&gt; lakers
19brom::4 and a half games back of those fuckking celtics, lets get em raps!!
19brom::o ya buddy im pumped
wnsj89::5 back of MIL, we can move up a game on them if we beat them Sun.
Raptorsfan080::WOOHOOOO  RAPTORS KEEP ON WINNING
Michael385170::Bobcats and Raptors have nothing to fear, both teams get plenty of fans in their stands.
Michael385170::Well, I am glad that was settled
gri400::quick and simple lol
19brom::dumbbass americans pretty much, not all of them but alot of them
laytonwasasocialist::cmon man don;t deal in absolutes (almost!) like that.  the vast majority of yanks are fine ppl.  trolls are trolls
laytonwasasocialist::only trolls suggest otherwise.  LA fans are fair weather in any sport.
gri400::always funny to here attendance jokes honestly, raps AVG over 18,000
19brom::ya i think its hilarious when people bring it up, itll never happen
DR HORSE 2::14 373 at the game
DR HORSE 2::is that for real
DR HORSE 2::i wonder how  corporate boxes   are doing for the raptors
jays hit moonshots::you have to buy raps if you want leafs
19brom::thats pretty bad, well under their average
gri400::not good, chalk it up to being against the bobcats i guess but that sounds cheap
laytonwasasocialist::it's not cheap i's true.  same thing happens when the raps hit the rd.  they are an awful draw.
Loss Angeles Lakers Fan::Raptors fans supporting their team in full force. They must have heard of the Kings. ;)
19brom::we make money, talk to the bottom feeders of the league
19brom::dumbbass
19brom::????????? we average more fans per game than the lakers i beleive or really close
gri400::lakers only AVG 700 more people, guess the clippers are stealing some "fans"
Loss Angeles Lakers Fan::Lakers? Puuuleze
gri400::lol, raps have know need to worry
wnsj89::2nd straight game Raps D holds opponent under 80
JoeyDorsey4MVP::It has little to do with the Raptors defense...
gri400::i want to believe it :)
wnsj89::haha, true
gri400::raps winning games with their D
chris53181::jets2012mba3170 Trade Kyle Lowry  Why would you trade Lowry and keep the aging Calderon?
cordovader::Right now it is Calderon the team glue!
Zeke Mansfield::Is there anyone more painful than Rod Black?
madeulook87::leo rautins and jak armstrong
MasterIchiro::I mean pee pee on a pizza party in the American South and there will surely be death but Canada?  I thought Canadiens were pretty health conscious.
MasterIchiro::Or the makers of Metamucil.
laytonwasasocialist::plenty of fat ppl here.  i once went to alabama for a week and my god, they aren't just fat, they are morbidly obese.
MasterIchiro::Crappy food is not free!  You have to pay the Doctor.
DR HORSE 2::pizza is okay to eat just dont eat 1o pounds of pizza like they do in th esouth
gri400::everyone loves free food, even crappy pizza
secueritae::The W was guaranteed before the game began, the question was whether Lunch the next day would be guaranteed
TCluvcarpanthers::Imagine if Acy scored the 100th and 101th point.
laytonwasasocialist::the interweb would have broken
gri400::i couldn't imagine the cheers, winning the world series and the stanley cup would not compare
gri400::ACY GETS THE POST GAME INTERVIEW!!!
laytonwasasocialist::he earned it!
gri400::bobcats are nothing but a bunch of pizza thieves lol
Michael385170::Not bad, the Wizards do that a lot as well, lol
laytonwasasocialist::that's a good nickname actually
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Well, the call in show will be busy tonight, people mad as hell that they don't get a slice of pizza.
19brom::dumbbass fans at ACC more worried about free pizza than happy for getting w, fat $@%!$
laytonwasasocialist::has been true for as long as I have watched.
TCluvcarpanthers::MORAL VICTORY
gri400::pizza thief
toronto-vigilante3::Lucas had TWO seconds to shoot a half court shot for the pizza.......!!!???  Jackpipe.
Michael385170::The bobcats have stopped the free Pizza
Michael385170::I have experience since Charlotte has some of the worst teams in the nation.  But since I am a PSU fan I get to see plenty of winning seasons from football, no matter wht the NCAA can throw at the team, basketball team a different story..
laytonwasasocialist::i hated PSU for yrs.  See profile!  But i was cheering for O'Brien this yr, based on how he handled things.  He's a winner.
laytonwasasocialist::they knuckled down.  kudos for staying til the end.  a true fan.
wnsj89::booooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
gri400::thats worse then beating the raps for some people lol
laytonwasasocialist::Gray just made the single greatest play of his NBA career.  All for naught.
Tommy72931::lol fans booing b/c they missed out on a $2 slice of pizza
gri400::i'd boo
wnsj89::lmao
toronto-vigilante3::Dammit.....Charlotte finally played "D" and fans lost the pizza!!!???
gri400::LOL gray going for the dunk
19brom::imagine if it were during real time
Mari-Osman::So much pressure!
chris53181::Should the Bobcats try to make a move for JJ hickson or Paul George
laytonwasasocialist::it's gonna get loud next possession
Tommy72931::Fields with the jumper...
gri400::1 point until....  free pizza!
Michael385170::Here's a goal for the Bobcats, win one quarter
Tommy72931::Boston keeps winning... Wow Knicks getting thumped...
laytonwasasocialist::5 weeks til pitchers and catchers report.
DR HORSE 2::mike wilner gonna  replace him
laytonwasasocialist::confirmed? or u  just trying to annoy me?
DR HORSE 2::he left us for houston
laytonwasasocialist::good for him. close to home. i wish him well
jays hit moonshots::praise allah
laytonwasasocialist::yes?
gri400::thank god
toronto-vigilante3::laytonwasasocialist - i doubt it. he's made for and caters to TV.  I hope no wilner! _________________  He's an idiot.
laytonwasasocialist::i doubt it. he's made for and caters to TV.  I hope no wilner!
jays hit moonshots::jack morris has been rumoured
gri400::none yet, just please... no zaun
laytonwasasocialist::no ashby anymore.  biggest loss of the off season.  you heard about a replacement?
dipset73::Happy my Raps win and won my under 197pts bet.lets keep rolling raps.we going to playoffs
big18brad::rAPTORS R INCREDIBLE
