evan j::its fun to watch great scorers when theyre on a roll.but lets not forgetwhen kobe tied wilt for most 40 point games in a row when shaq was out with a bum pinky or whatever it was. i think it was 9 in a row. he also tied wilt for most 50 point games in a row with 4. 2 of them being 60 pointers. back then when kobe got hot it was unbeleivable, completely unstoppable. he would make such difficult shots over and over again u can see the opposing team get the life sucked out of them. best scorer ive ever seen when he was on his a game. those days are long lgone for kobe. he hasnt been that type of dangerous fo about 3 years now
Cyril::Great win for the Thunder, but my favorite play of the game is still Kendrick Perkins bricking that 5-foot jumper.  I can't remember ever seeing a big man get the ball that close to the basket with an open lane and not try to go in for the dunk.
Bruce::Amazing run by KD.  4 game average of 42 points, with almost as many coming from threes per game as twos(16, 18, and 8 from free throws).  Shooting percentage of 64% for both 3s and total FGs over that period!  Fun to watch, other than the TOs.
James Marcus::11 Turnovers.  Good thing the media ignores Ibaka, and also what Reggie Jackson did.
Austin::I still believe the Spurs can piece it together, get healthy and get hot for the playoffs, but right now we're just in survival mode without Kawhi, Tiago and Danny Green. Win the games we're supposed to and try to steal some games against the elite. Making the playoffs healthy is the main priority. GO SPURS GO!!!
Karel::Great shooting and scoring night for Durant, but those 11 TOs are scary.  Reggie Jackson really came through tonight to help him out.  As I said before, KD is the leading candidate for MVP so far this year, and still remains so after tonight's game despite the dubious double-double.
Hans PaHead::Preview of what will happen in the playoffs if this two teams meet. Spurs really have a hard time beating playoff teams and are in danger getting ousted in the first round.
otcguy25::11 TOs for KD just shows how much he has to do right now for the Thunder.  Defenses are loading and gearing up on him every night, and he still scores 30+ and doing it efficiently.  The dude is just the best scorer in the NBA this season and it's NOT even close....
Austin::Great game, credit to the Thunder. Hopefully one of these days Kawhi Leonard will play a full, healthy game against the Thunder. Hope he gets well soon, along with Tiago and Danny Green.  Durant may have scored 36, but 11 turnovers is just god awful. For his sake, I hope he's not content with tonights performance, because players will have hot streaks here and there, but making a habit out of turning the ball over that much will hurt him.
Scott::Get off of the Durant turn overs.  He handles the ball a lot more w/o RB. Besides that he usually only has 3 or 4.  Total turnovers Spurs 17 Thunder 15 so #$%$.
