JKRIII::<b>L</b>
JKRIII::[/b]Lets[/]
ChippewaDave::Man, what is it with Philadelphia fans?  A Bulls fan got shot after the game last night and someone who tried to help was also shot.  I mean, there is being passionate about your team and then there is being idiotic. . . too may Philly fans cross that line.
edfick18::it's unbelievable that someone would attempt to take a life over a basketball game. Reminds me of those Dodger fans who nearly killed a man for wearing a SF jersey at a game.  People are crazy.
imagine606::I wanna see Teague start to get more minutes, he was really big for them down the stretch last night.
patmandewb::Heart, hustle and muscle, got it done again......and excellent free throw shooting and tough defense didn't hurt either. Go Bulls!
Chi Town Stand Up::I get so much satisfaction from beating these chumps. Most classless fan base in the NBA. Glad they had to sit there and watch while Noah taunted them after exposing them with his 20 point game.
whiteozrally::lol Iguodala was playing hurt, as was Elton Brand. youre squad is nothing special. You are built for regular season success - not playoffs. We took Boston to seven. Was that luck too?
whiteozrally::i got more satisfaction sending your bum $@% squad home in the first round last year
imagine606::Took injuries to Noah and Rose that took both players out, and Deng playing injured as well. When 2 of a team's best 3 players are out and a third is playing hurt, a true playoff team should be able to beat them easily, yet the Sixers had to get close wins.
Chi Town Stand Up::with two star players injured- that's a pretty sad satisfaction to have!
Paul Gliori::Butler should be getting this much playing time every game.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Great win by the Bulls. Nice to see Teague play a bit.
Jackiemoonsexy::After Noah left Philly, empty cartridges were seen scattered throughout the city
DaBulls4Life85::Lebron is solely responsible for the decline in masonry unions throughout south florida
DaBulls4Life85::You could build a damn house with all those bricks he lays in the 4th
jehayes42::Jimmy is quietly yet rapidly becoming one of my favorites on this squad
dante9876::Wish TT would give him more minutes man. No reason why he shouldnt get 18 minutes a game.
DaBulls4Life85::Hows that dream team doing out in philly?
crabbymacintosh::got any McNabb jokes you wanna recycle while you're at it?
imagine606::Other than that the best player your football team has had since White came to your team from Chicago?
KillaKane24::Does anyone remember that ridiculous face Booz made after he called for the charge last night? I made a meme character out of it (yes I was bored.)  Enjoy  http://memegenerator.net/Boozer-Face
DaBulls4Life85::Lmao
Archie Mannings Backup Dog::Anyone still here?
Kit Ramsey::Marco has scored 16 or more points since he started, that's better than RIP. Please bring him off the bench when he gets back.
KillaKane24::You KNOW that's not gonna happen though...lol.
WelcomeToMyCityTheWindyCity23::Any Bulls fans scared of MIA or the NYK come playoff time??
Dissention83::Nope, Miami is overrated and had pretty much the easiest path to a championship last season. And on top of that, they were almost bounced twice, by the geriatric Celtics and the Pacers (lol)...
KillaKane24::They are heavy favorites at this point, but I think that gives them more of a reason to fear us.
WelcomeToMyCityTheWindyCity23::well I mean fear those teams obviously don't be dumb
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY IN DETROIT::mia if they start flopping
Kit Ramsey::Why the hell would they be scared? this is not Columbia where they line u up and shoot u if u don't win. And why would the fans be scared?
picaac15::Noah on egging on 76ers crowd, which cheered his injury: "I’m going to do it for the rest of my career here."   HAHAHHAHAHAHA this dude is such a whiny $@%!$ who lets everything effect him way more than it should.   Get over it @%!$@
klevine217::who won?  Yeah that's what I thought.
KillaKane24::Says the fan of the team whos crowd was booing his pistol routine (that he does in front of every other crowd with no issue). I think Philly needs to get over it.
Erica6592::and the Bulls still won! Maybe YOU should stop whining!
DaBulls4Life85::Not much of a crowd. What, 12000? UC, 21000 every night
Dissention83::That's because Philly is a shi.thole. They were probably all out in the streets giving each other "brotherly love" in the form of hand jobs.
DaBulls4Life85::I really wanna go bowling tonight
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY IN DETROIT::-bynum
Minnysota Vikings::How come Carlos Boozer plays so poorly?
Kit Ramsey::How come u don't know S hit about the Bulls?
WelcomeToMyCityTheWindyCity23::because he sucks
6rings1superbowl::Bulls would be much better if Booze played some D and stopped BS'n on offense
Kit Ramsey::Were u here after the Clippers game, when he was the only player to show up?
KillaKane24::Exactly.  That's not the first time the Bulls dropped a game that Boozer decided to show up to either.  I find that a bit confusing...lol.
WelcomeToMyCityTheWindyCity23::if the Bulls get the #3 seed they are going to the ECF, The Knicks do not scare me one bit and when was the last time they won a playoff series??
6rings1superbowl::i hate the Knicks w all my heart but i think theyre decent this year bcz of Kidd. they wont reach the finals but i wouldnt want to play them bcz the media and the league want them in the finals or at least the ECF. and they havent won a ring since 1972
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY IN DETROIT::we'll keep the 4th seed the rest of the way, maybe move to the 3rd but we'll finish 3rd or 4th
picaac15::Sixers continue to lose games because they cant get to the FT line, nor can they make them when they get there.   Sixers need some flopping lessons, or atleast learn to drive the rim
Mumu8833::They're too young and not big enough names to get an abundance of calls in the nba.  They really need to hit the ones they get though... Pitiful FT%
WelcomeToMyCityTheWindyCity23::12-9 without Rose?? Pretty impressive
Dissention83::Good coaching will do that.
Rook_217::Hold on...obviously no Rose, but also no Rip for the past few games, (and a "few" more) and Hinrich on and off... Not a super talented team, but they bust their arsses for Thibs!
The-INFAMOUS-CRUZZZ::Bulls do have plenty of above average players on the team so that recorded is pretty much correct no bad but not that good
tigertingtang::IS Derrick back yet?
picaac15::The 4-8 seeds in the East are separated by .5 games...  Pretty crazy
picaac15::Sixers are built around a player that hasnt touched the court all year.   Its a miracle theyre over .500 tbh.
6rings1superbowl::SIxers have a great coach, who might i add played @ illinois state and some decent pieces. but overall the league is pretty weak. if Bynum can actually play some you guys would be alright, but i dont know how much faith i have in Bynum. I see you fans booing him in the near future
Kat Nation::i cant see bynum being a go to guy
picaac15::its not that hes a "go to guy" its that he is their defensive anchor, their rebounder, their low-post presence, and he spaces the floor and lets shooters have more room because they need to collapse on Bynum
DaBulls4Life85::Qualifications for being a philly sports fan: boo everyone, including your own team
DaBulls4Life85::Thru thick n thin. Hawes could go off for 40 and philly fans would still find a reason to boo
Mumu8833::Hawes had a game early in the year where he was a beast and the fans chanted his name the whole 4th quarter
picaac15::so if the Bulls were 10 games under .500 you wouldnt boo?   Would you cheer? Would you applaud their horrible play?
JIMMY_RUSTLE::SMOKE BREAK
DaBulls4Life85::Hes gonna go smoke his lovers c.o.c k
6rings1superbowl::lol... Bed time for Rustle
ScalabrineSwag::smoking is bad for you...have fun dying when you are 50
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY IN DETROIT::yeah, right, your mom probably called you for dinner
JIMMY_RUSTLE::time to go smoke up the chicago bulls
picaac15::Bynum said that when he gets his MRI on the 20th "Worst case is another month, best is that I can start practicing"  I cant imagine him being back before February, but we can only hope!
WelcomeToMyCityTheWindyCity23::Good win Bulls!
picaac15::Its cool seeing both of these teams above .500 without their best players  It really makes the Lakers look like $@%! with Howard and Kobe being healthy
DaBulls4Life85::Im glad im not from philly
JIMMY_RUSTLE::chicago one of the dirtiest cities  in the world filled with white trash
Dissention83::^ bandwagon master over here.
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY IN DETROIT::brewer, boozer, rose, noah, korver, james, JL3, gibson, noah, asik, thomas, deng, scal, bogans still miss that 2010 team
Kit Ramsey::Dude grow up already geez, i bet u are still missing your ex girlfriend too huh?
2.3.1 Douple Play::Bulls most overrated team in the league
6rings1superbowl::overrated...lol how? No Rose, No RIP, No kirk and were 4th in the East... this coming from a guy wearing FUBU
DaBulls4Life85::Wigger
ScalabrineSwag::better than you morons
ScalabrineSwag::we beat the knicks
JIMMY_RUSTLE::ScalabrineSwag - mad about what we are better than the sixers  not heat or knicks hahahahah
ScalabrineSwag::mad about what we are better than the sixers
JIMMY_RUSTLE::yea u mad
JIMMY_RUSTLE::truth
JIMMY_RUSTLE::Rose would ride the heat bench, but we don't even want that pansy
Erica6592::Nah, their bench is a nursing home!
Kit Ramsey::Dude go suck ALL the Heat players Johnson's, actually bring your mom, i'm quite sure she would enjoy all the cream the Heat players will shoot out to the both of u.
zradcliff::who is we? do you play for miami or have any say so within that organization at all? and i guarantee you the only person on that team that wouldn't be traded for rose is lebron....so yes that means everyone else including OVERRATED crybaby wade would have to go
picaac15::Why did Noah take what the fans did so personally?  Did you expect us to feel bad or something? Its Philly, we cheer when you're hurt and we boo when you taunt us- it not like we did this personally at you. If it was Deng we'd do it, if it were Boozer we would too.
6rings1superbowl::no we lost our MVP, I mean THE MVP and our starting Center, and Taj played on a sprained ankle
JIMMY_RUSTLE::u choked, garbage team
6rings1superbowl::in last yrs playoff
6rings1superbowl::he sprained his ankle last year and they cheered. so there was extra motivation. and it obviously worked... 21/7/5/3/1... definitely a stat stuffer... plus he was showing what wouldve happened if he didnt get hurt
ScalabrineSwag::bc you cheered when he got hurt and that is uncalled for. and you guys are dbags
JIMMY_RUSTLE::rustled?
picaac15::the dude tripped himself and we dont usually win and it was the heat of the moment i guess
6rings1superbowl::Jimmy u must be from Sacramento? or Toronto?
6rings1superbowl::whats 315?
JIMMY_RUSTLE::the 315 biootch
nachosmind::love the box score, and Deng didn't have to play 40 mins woohoo!
6rings1superbowl::Jimmy Rustle, where r u from?
JIMMY_RUSTLE::the 315
ScalabrineSwag::and for the bulls to prove im a real fan  rose, hinrich, robinson, teague, hamilton, bellinelli, butler, deng, boozer, gibson noah radmonivish mohammed
JIMMY_RUSTLE::scrubs
ScalabrineSwag::lets hear the heat players...even though you are probably using google as i type
6rings1superbowl::Go Bulls
ScalabrineSwag::Jimmie lets hear the 12 man roster on the heat: you have 1 min
Chris75448::That's 10 not 12
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY IN DETROIT::bron, wade, cole, allen, pittman, anthony, chalmers, miller, battier, haslem, that's is all i got
JIMMY_RUSTLE::12 players that are all better than the bulls, fact
ScalabrineSwag::lets hear them bandwagon fan
6rings1superbowl::why is jimmy rustle so mad???
ScalabrineSwag::jimmie: just leave before you embarrass yourself further
JIMMY_RUSTLE::the 315
6rings1superbowl::where r u from?
6rings1superbowl::jimmy R where r u from?
JIMMY_RUSTLE::look at my teams then look at your, stay mad
JIMMY_RUSTLE::ScalabrineSwag - BANDWAGON fan  haha u mad cuz i got better teams
ScalabrineSwag::BANDWAGON fan
2.3.1 Douple Play::In all honesty, Rose has milked his injury long enough. Just come back and play already, this team isnt going anywhere with Hinrich at point
Kit Ramsey::Dude go back to sniffing your crystal meth. Because u obviously high.
Harry Caray glasses::Yeah, I guess until one goes through, another man's plight, they just sound dumb.
superman253540::Milked an ACL? SMDH
tbomber2::troll fail
JIMMY_RUSTLE::he is scared
JIMMY_RUSTLE::"Wish I could root for the good teams who actually win in the playoffs like Jimmy do"  --ScalabrineSwag
JIMMY_RUSTLE::i'd be mad also if rooted for $@%! teams from chicago
tbomber2::<i>actually</i>
tbomber2::oh wait are you <i>actually</i> ret.arded?
JIMMY_RUSTLE::ScalabrineSwag - Bulls have won 6 championships moron  1950's? haha
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls have won 6 championships moron
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY IN DETROIT::Bandwagon, go get a life, bet you live in Montana
ScalabrineSwag::im loyal to my teams...i dont automatically jump on the bandwagon of good teams.  You like the heat yankees giants georgia in football and syracuse in basketball....you are a bandwagon fan
CutlerToMarshallAllDayAndNight2012::But you bandwagon BIG difference
ScalabrineSwag::jimmie russel...you are making yourself look so stupid: LEAVE
JIMMY_RUSTLE::wisconsin grad lmao
