Artymus::Jefferson is actually playing solid basketball lately, i think that's a big difference from last year for the spurs.  He actually looks like he fits in with the scheme more.
RTiffer123::Dallas fan=crybabies=mavs=one hit wonder=NBA Chumps!
eQ2.0::SAN might be one of those teams that has the best records this season. Wouldn't be too shocked if they represented the West in the finals.
NOVABuffalo::Staying healthy is the key.  As a long time Spurs fan any seed between 1-4 will be good.  Spurs have an advantage early on since the style of play is baked into the culture, that isn't the case with other teams that have younger starting 5 - like Grizzles and Thunder.  I've said several times --- the first 20 games or so, don't get too excited or too down.
FSUALUM1996::You can't handle the truth tech_alum... the mavs are not the franchise the Spurs are. I'm sorry that pains you. It's just the facts. We have been MORE SUCCESSFUL than you. It's ok... deal with it.
TomiRG::lol..Spurs and Mavs fans just can´t stand each other. Just face it and don´t try to agree on something. They are like oil &amp; water.
FSUALUM1996::It's never personal with me. I let the facts speak for themselves. Sometimes your team looks good sometimes they look bad. The facts sometimes have a way of doing that.
tech_alum_2010::You are absolutley right in what you say. I try to do the same and speak with facts more than opinions but we all know that we will favor our teams but nothing wrong with that, thats why we cheer for them
FSUALUM1996::I don't wait for any moment to hate. Not at all. I'm not a hater, my arguments have been based on factual numbers. Not opinions. That's what your missing, if that makes me a moron then I guess that makes you a mindless twit. Insults are comical. It's more than just the titles, it's the front office stability, the coaching stability, the ownership stability, the players that buy into a system and prosper with it. It's not rocky like the mavs organization. Cuban has had more head coaches than Peter Holt has. Holt has had only "1" since Cuban has owned the Mavs. it's more than just wins and losses and titles my friend. That is what you DON'T get.
tech_alum_2010::Maybe you misunderstood me. I wasnt saying all that stuff about you. I was speaking in general
tech_alum_2010::no I have admitted more than once on here that the Spurs are a good franchise, what i hate are Haters who find any reason to talk crap. they wait for that moment to hate. All i was trying to prove was minus titles there is not as big of a difference between the teams as evryone says. I promise im not a typical Mavs fan. I dont make excuses I dont whine I just like to get on here and argue some with the morons that float the board
FSUALUM1996::Another point to add.... It's not that I think we are better.... we just ARE better. The numbers don't lie. Don't be another ignorant mavs fan that jumped on the wagon.
tech_alum_2010::Haha I can promise I dont jump on anyones bandwagon. Texas Tech Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Los Angeles Dodgers. Does that look like I jump and go for the winning team
FSUALUM1996::If that statement makes you feel better then great... Bottom line is if the roles where reversed I wouldn't be questioning the success your team had, numbers don't lie, I'm not ignorant. I GET that! It's funny how you guys can dish it out, but you can't take it. You guys are the BIGGEST babies in the NBA.
tech_alum_2010::It doesnt bother me at all that you think you are better. What difference does it make. even if the Mavs were to ever win as many titles you guys would call them flukes or say the competiton was a joke or come up with something. Nobody was running there mouth about the Mavs until last night and now you feel on top of the world again.
tech_alum_2010::This is very interesting so please read. Yes I know Mavs lost, they played bad, they suck, whatever. I just wanted to give evryone some info bc All these Spurs fans say that they own the Mavericks in the regular season and the playoffs. heres some facts feel free to look them up. since 2002 the rivalry is as follows. the rivalry was tied 18-18. San Antonio is now up by one game 18-19. Playoffs the Spurs won 2001,2003,2010 and Mavs won 2006, 2009. Does this sound like either team owns the other. NO!!!! now go ahead Spurs and resort back to how many championships you have since you got proven wrong on the rivalry part.
FSUALUM1996::The only stupid one here is you... you can't face facts. You can't accept the fact that your mavs aren't the franchise that you want them to be. Your too much of a tool to see that. Ignorance is not bliss.
tech_alum_2010::I was just doing the last decade. wasnt leaving it out on purpose. And since your to stupid to realize my point was not championships. But i figured thats where you would go.
FSUALUM1996::clap...clap... clap... I think it's funny how you brought that to our attention except there is one small problem, they didn't start playing in 2002. LMFAO. You left out the games prior to that cause they are overwhelmingly in the Spurs favor. Your a tool. 4 is still greater than 1. 3 is greater than two, 19 is greater than 18. Nice of you to leave out the 2001 and older statistics. LMFAO!!!
47act13::Hey Dallas the idea is to play like defending champions.
FSUALUM1996::Defending is an interesting term when talking about the mavs. They can't defend the floor let alone a title...lol...tools.
TomiRG::The Mavs are sucking big time this season, but I wouldn´t count them off so quickly. Their roster right now has some holes hard to fill by the new guys, who are struggling by the way, and they are intending of making an important trade next offseason, it appears. The Spurs are an enigma. If their threes fall, they can be scary good, but you can´t rely on 3pt shooting % to get you through the playoffs. Last year against Memphis when the threes wheren´t falling and Duncan was ineffective and being killed inside by gasol and Z-bo they lost. So this perimiter oriented Spurs system is still fragile. I don´t buy it. It can work during the regular season, but not in the playoffs.
TomiRG::hey first of all I´m a Spurs fan. And about the 3pt matter, its a fact, how many of the last championship teams relied on first place in offense on their 3pt shooting? Threes can be very nice and all when they fall, but teams tend to fell in love with the three and when it doesn´t work it  reveals vulnerability in the system. "You live by the jumpshoot, and you die by the jumpshot". The closer you shoot to the basket the better chance you´ll have of making shots. So I´m afraid that come playoff time, other teams are going to beat us up crashing the glass and with their power forwards/centres. Portland frontline would kill us with Aldrige Wallace and Camby, so would Laker´s, Denver´s maybe...that´s my point, but who knows. We´ll see.
tech_alum_2010::I think what he is saying is it will be hard for them to win a playoff series if they are one demensional. if Duncan cant score inside and they are missing threes then its hard on them
FSUALUM1996::Why can't we rely on the threes?!?!? That's the reason you won a title in the first place. Wow... mavs fans are in such denial. Really?!?!?
cowboysspurs20::The Spurs won last night without Manu. I think that shows you that the Spurs are just playing at a different level than the Mavs right now.
tech_alum_2010::not true. For the Spurs to being such a "great franchise" they beat the mavs in playoffs in 2001, 2003, 2010 but the Mavs beat the Spurs in 2006 and 2009. so if Spurs are owning the Mavs explain why they have won only 3 out of the 5 meetings in Playoffs. they have won 1 more playoff meeting. maybe they have more titles but that doesnt matter bc we are talking about the rivalry.
FSUALUM1996::We have owned you in the post season too! Regular season AND post season.
tech_alum_2010::thats fine if they own them who cares. its the playoffs when it matters who wins. win all the regular season games you want
FSUALUM1996::Spurs just OWN the Mavs...thats what you and every Mavs fans don't get.... the numbers don't lie...
tech_alum_2010::Its just a wonder how Mavs get blown out but they can play with OKC. they may be the best in the West but I would say top 3
TheTruth619::Yeah, its true you can't really judge by one game. Especially this season. I think we will see a lot of inconsistency. Teams blowing out a good team one night, then looking horrible two nights later. But, overall the Spurs are playing at a higher level than the Mavs right now.
tech_alum_2010::maybe so but sometimes it doesnt matter. Heat lost to the Hawks with James then when James and Wade were out they won.
ambone44::One hit wonders. I love the look on Cubans face! Ha Ha
FSUALUM1996::Cuban is a tool...
TheTruth619::You think this article made enough excuses for the Mavs? The Spurs played 6 games in 9 nights, and also were on the second game of a back to back. No mention of that though. Oh, and their best player is out.
nba is the worst::Wow - 18 points in the paint and 33 three-pt attempts.  How can this be the Spurs?
.Silky Johnston.::They were going in last night.
outlaw12110224::Dallas SUUUUUCKS!!!!!! lol  You got the brakes beat off of you last night!  Stop complaining about the schedule.  EVERY TEAM plays the same schedule.  And the Spurs are even older than Dallas.  NO EXCUSE!  Be glad you got lucky and won a ring last year because there will be no more.  Ever!  LOL
tech_alum_2010::I really think the give a damn went down. The Mavs older players got their title then wanted before they retired so now its hard to motivate yourself. No different than winning the lottery. It would be hard for most people to continue working. Not an excuse for the losses I think thats whats going on
thebattousai99::agreed.. dallas still sucks... regardless of age..
outlaw12110224::Well the only three that count (Manu, Duncan and Parker) are older.  Either way, Dallas still sucks.
tech_alum_2010::haha shows you dont know anything at all. Yeah the schedule is not an excuse but the spurs are not even in the top 5 for oldest teams. Dallas, Atlanta, Phoenix and Miami so before you talk
FSUALUM1996::I'm not offering you one... but you do need one from someone who cares...
tech_alum_2010::Im not complaining im stating facts but if you would rather hug than talk sports your on the wrong board
FSUALUM1996::Tech_alum needs a hug.... he can't face reality. The mavs are garbage.
TheTruth619::Not sure who Jeffries is lol. Parker is only 29. Not exactly OLD. Its mainly just Duncan and Manu. Jefferson is 31. Not young, but not terribly old yet either.
thebattousai99::dont forget the celtics...  and people all over assume the spurs are older due to duncan, jeffries, manu, parker etc.  Old as.s players.. but they have a young core as well.. so the actual age numbers get skewed.. but.. i would wonder who has the oldest starting 5 in the nba.. that would be more accurate.
milnacma::This whole "compressed schedule" talk is getting old.  Pro athletes whining because they are getting a little tired.  Get a real job Dirk and see how your legs feel then...
tech_alum_2010::As it is Im a coach and my team plays twice a week and practice 4 times a week and by the weekend they are tired and wore out and they are young
tech_alum_2010::I dont agree. Yeah the schedule is no excuse for losing but try playing 82 games a year for 10 yrs and practicing and always traveling and if your not tried. Professional sports players work hard but we only watch the games and think it would be easy.
tech_alum_2010::Maybe your right, but im not one. yeah its a factor but everyone has to endure it so no excuse. They need more team chemistry and more hustle more than rest
outlaw12110224::If its a factor for them, it shows that they weren't professional enough to keep up with their off season conditioning.  I don't see any other teams fans complaining about the schedule.  Only Dallas fans.
tech_alum_2010::Im not complaining im just saying it is a factor so to say its not is ignorant.
outlaw12110224::These are SUPPOSED to be the greatest athletes in the world.  This is what they get paid millions of dollars to do.
outlaw12110224::Duncan has done it longer than Dirk.  Stop Crying.
tech_alum_2010::Im a Mavs fan and i'll admit they are sucking this year. But you cant take away the fact they won last year. It just seems very like people only talk crap when they start losing. Nobody called their championship a fluke until this year bc now they are losing. Cant do that bc its not the same team. And you cant keep bringing up how many championships you have bc after you dont win again nobody cares about you and your back to being a nobody. Spurs have a great franchise but guess they are irrelivent until they win again. Im a cowboys fan but same goes for them. They have 5 championships but are becoming worst team in NFL. Does it matter how many rings you have? Yeah prob to the players but not to the fans. Fans want you to win all the time or they jump off the wagon.
tech_alum_2010::Thats why i said if im wrong ill admit it. I think either is a possibility. both maybe not but at least one. Either guy upgrades the Mavs instantly. made not championship caliber but def they are young enough to build around
thebattousai99::this is assuming they actually get someone who wants to go to the team.. who are you expecting? Howard or Williams?  doubt it.
tech_alum_2010::I'm not reliving the championship at all so I dont know what your talking about. And your right heat have 3 young guys who could potentially win a few rings but my point is what Dallas is doing is setting up the future so they can compete with young stars of their own. Instead winning one and done they could be a force every year. you really think Cuban offered out one yr deals to Chandelr and Barea bc he wanted to keep them? you really think he went out and got 2 veterens who are passeed their prime offered them 1 yr deals so win a championship? There is such thing as rebuilding years and i know thats the most common excuse ever but really Dallas has reached the point where in about 2 yrs they might be without Kidd, Marion, Terry, You cant build a team around Chandler and Barea so cut ties with them and save money. If im wrong next year and Dallas ends up with no Young Stud ill admit it but I think this year was about saving money and getting better for hte future
thebattousai99::please.. keep reliving your championship.. the only one this dallas franchise will ever hold.  Just because the Heat didnt win the championship in the first year the big 3 got together means nothing.  Plenty of game left with those guys and the Heat are living the hype.. Its funny how mavs fans make excuses for why they suck this year by reliving last years championship.  Get over it already.. the rest of the nba has... nobody cares what you did last year.. its more about what are you doing for me now.
tech_alum_2010::I'm just not a fan of people who talk crap and know nothing. Im all for debating and using stats and records but people who just talk bc a team loses shows they have nothing better to do. No Miami Heat fan should be talking any crap until they live up to the hype.
tech_alum_2010::I totally agee with you. I hate the Heat but they are good and will be a force for a while, but I have to keep hoping that what Dallas is doing is starting there own team building bc truth is if they dont do something they will easily go from contenders to the bottom. But i think thats why we have such a crazy old roster is so we have more options later. Its obvious we cant win a title with this roster, so how could having a rebuilding year and taking a chance on free agency make this team worse. it wont
thebattousai99::thats year one buddy.. how many more chances does dallas have at another ring? Zero, zilch, none, nada, zip... even if they bring in a D.Williams or Howard in the offseason.. which they wont.. but even if they do.. they wont compete again...  The Heat in the other hand have many more years of competing for championships and are starting to put a solid roster together.  The Heat made it to the finals with a weak bench and if not for some mental break down in several 4th quarters against dallas, we arent even having this discussion.  It is what it is and the Heat have learned from that mistake.  No team will be as competitive as the Heat in regards to competing for Championships!
tech_alum_2010::The hype im talking about is the not 1 not 2 not 3. Yeah they made it but did they win? NO. thats like saying if we scored more points than the other team we would have won. Mavs win a title its a fluke, Heat lose in the finals and its a moral victory. Congrats
outlaw12110224::They mad it to the CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES in their FIRST year with virtually no bench!  How didn't they live up to the hype???  You act like they got beat first round?
Zo3313::Wait a few years and you will bring up your championship too, Especially to a fan who's team has never won a championship
FSUALUM1996::I guess my little mavs twit got off...lol....
CALtakesUKallTHEway::The Mavs get blown out again.....what a shocker
choate_sedition::This game is further proof that Popovich is the best coach in the league, especially with Phil Jackson retired.
pckrier::I am going to make a bold prediction and say Dirk will retire with three fewer rings than Duncan!!
FSUALUM1996::lol...
Robert_sens::I disagree, the team will suck so bad this year that the NBA will strip Dallas of its championship rings.
FSUALUM1996::I think that is a FAIR statement. lol...
threalReginald::I guess Terry got a construction crane tatted on his "bicep?" this year.
matxz1::I hope that chick is your mom and not your girl
ambone44::LOL!
Robert_sens::But I thought Dirk was a "GYM RAT" a back to back shouldn't affect someone that the media claims puts in so much "hard work!!  ....So much for the great white hype.
threalReginald::Come on Jason "paper plane" Terry you gonna let your team go out like that.
threalReginald::The Mavs should settle for the Govern's mansion. Its bad enough that Miami already jizzed all over their championship banner.
thebattousai99::and i keep watching dallas fans crying after every game they get blown out of.  Even more Priceless.
matxz1::I just keep watching the video of Chris Bosh crying after Dirk did him in. Priceless
_misterfurious::Remember a month ago when so many people were outraged at ESPN's player rankings because Dirk "should have been # 1"?   I wonder how many people still feel that way this morning....
tech_alum_2010::read my last comment on top you might find it interesting. Looking at the last decade Spurs have one 1 more head to head game and 1 more playoff series head to head
FSUALUM1996::Duncan IS better than Dirk. He is a more complete player. Thoughout his career he has been more consistent Dirk CAN'T play defense like Duncan. In Duncan's prime he had more success than Dirk. The numbers don't lie. The Spurs franchise is BETTER than Dallas'. Period. They have had more success than Dallas. You have to compare titles. That is EXACTLY what every mavs fan tries to hold on to. We have had way more success than you. Period. Head to Head wins, division titles, playoff series wins head to head not to mention more championships. Thats WHY the Spurs are BETTER!!!!
tech_alum_2010::No i didnt mean rings make the player i was using it as an example. People always say a franchise is better bc they have more rings so that means bc Duncan has more Rings he is a better Player than Dirk? I dont believe that. Kobe has one less than Jordan so he is almost as good? I dont believe that. My point you cant use tiltes when comparing franchises and you cant use titles when talking about players. Maybe Durant and James are better players NOW but not overall
thebattousai99::titles do a player not make.. Titles are a nice additive but if you use the stupid 'rings' argument then people like steve kurr or a bench rider like cardinal is better than someone like Karl Malone, John Stockton, or Charles Barkley.  Please.. the stupid.. I got more rings than you argument is null in void.. For a team to win a championship you have to have a full team.. Heat didnt have that last year.. and as you witnessed in atlanta last night.. they do this year.. and we are still missing miller and curry.
tech_alum_2010::i dont think he is #1 but you have to give him his respect. Its amazing how people say "the Spurs are better bc they have 4 titles" ok thats fine but you cant put James, and Durant above Dirk bc they have no titles.
FSUALUM1996::Titles are what franchises are judged on. That is what Mavs fans don't get. Period!
pckrier::Only diehard Mavs fans still think he should be #1 lol!! :)
FSUALUM1996::He's FAR from #1 in the world. lol...
matxz1::He's still a top 5 player right now and if sucking it up is still 20ppg and 5 bounds with no legs i'll take it
FSUALUM1996::Um...nobody...lol
JB_Smoove_listens_With_Dre_Beats::<b>Mavs=Lakers=suck</b>
Zo3313::WTF I swear everytime I get on a Mavs vs Spurs board. Mavs fans start comparing cities. I hate to break it to people but everyone in Texas knows that Dallas isnt a gorgeous city. So quit acting like Dallas is this great place to live, cause it isnt.
thebattousai99::Miami owns every city in the lone dump state.
FSUALUM1996::A+ for pckrier...
pckrier::I'll take a wild guess and say B.
Zo3313::Yea I was just reading what matxzi said. Dudes IQ isnt that high
thebattousai99::neither is yours... how are the cowboys gonna do in the playoffs this year? Oh dayum.
FSUALUM1996::Hey Zo... matxz1 confirmed it yet again.... Mavs fans can only dog the city of San Antonio.... They can't dog the Spurs though...  You proved our point... lol.... hey matxz1... you didn't finish your quiz I gave you earlier... lol
FSUALUM1996::Here is your quiz again just in case you missed it.  If thats the case I guess you can tell me who has more headed to head wins, division titles, playoff series wins and world championships?     A.) Dallas  B.) San Antonio
matxz1::isn''t a gorgeous city? Who said it was? Compared to SA it is
FSUALUM1996::Thats all that Mavs fans can resort to cause they can't compare franchises....They KNOW which franchise is better from top to bottom.
JB_Smoove_listens_With_Dre_Beats::<b>Will the Mavs even have a winning record this season? They definitely aint goin back to the Finals this year.</b>
mark35345::for every eight Maverick games : odom shows up for one and stiffs the other seven. This is the way Lamar does dallas...
pckrier::I think Odom wanted out of the Lakers because they have a new coach and a new offensive system.  Maybe, the Mavs will fire Carlisle after the end of the season and hire Phil Jackson as their coach. That way Odom will once again be the player he was when he played for the Lakers and coach Jackson.  I doubt that!!!
ambone44::LA knew what they were doing. Odum is fragile like a little Bi%!h.
polocash::Dallas played old and lazy!!
mark35345::It's called the Laker disease: complacency!
FSUALUM1996::I love how the Dallas media says the Mavs "ran out of gas". Excuses...Excuses... Dallas seems to be full of them. You wish you where half the franchise the Spurs are. You are the laughing stock of the NBA.
FSUALUM1996::Exactly... The spurs have played just as many games in that stretch and blew out the Mavs.... Excuses...
polocash::Ran out of gas.. They got blown out in first 1/4 qtr. It was over by 1/2 time.
FSUALUM1996::Enjoy your "one" ring, let me know when your wearing"4"...lol....
FSUALUM1996::NBA chumps...lol..... You didn't beat us to your precious title... we beat you 3 out of 4 last year....
matxz1::NBA CHAMPIONS - DALLAS MAVERICKS  p.s. Memphis Grizz &gt; Spurs
matxz1::HAHA you have to be the biggest moron ever!!!! Comparing Ft Worth and Dallas hahaha Ever heard of DFW?
tech_alum_2010::I dont live in either place so makes no difference to me. it doesnt if you say dallas sucks because your opinion means nothing. I think most people get on here just to prove points and have fun. I take nothing to heart. beacuse in the end as much as I love sports they dont help pay my bills so it doesnt matter who is winning or losing. Cant say i dont get mad watching them lose but have to put things in prospective sometimes.
FSUALUM1996::lol... Dallas fans talking about San Antonio....thats funny. You tools are the easiest fans to rile up. I love it. You guys are so sad. lol... You can't accept that fact that the Spurs are the BETTER team and have been for a long time. Keep crying and name calling. The facts elude you...lol...you guys are the NBA's village idiots. Congrats...lol
Zo3313::Like Dallas is so gorgeous. Ft Worth is way better then Dallas
tech_alum_2010::You make it sound like your on the team. Tell me how does it feel to wear 4 rings?
matxz1::Let me know when people leave Dallas to live in $@%!$* a$$ San Antonio
matxz1::Laughing all the way to get our rings sized hahahahahah
marioosez::The Mavs are satisfied with their championship, thats all!
FSUALUM1996::You can't admit that the Spurs have been consistently the better franchise... you can't do it... it's ok... Lucky for you the Heat quit playing in the 4th qtr of the last three games in the finals. If that doesn't happen you would have "0" rings. The Spurs OWN the mavs... get use to it...
matxz1::You sound like that loser Lebron. ANybody who says "they didn't win it, we lost it" is a complete joke. That is the most ridiculous statement that is reserved for losers. I could say the Mavs got screwed by the refs in 06 vs the heat and they did but I'm not going to use that as an excuse. I keep bringing up the cities because SA doesnt have anything but the riverwalk and the Spurs. I'm not even going to hate on the riverwalk like most people do because I respect it even though I wouldnt step foot in it.   Also your talking about playoff contending team 7-8 games in. Your really are making Texas look bad as a whole so please stop acting like a 8 year old and just admit the Mavs were the best team in the world last year. Check-Mate.   Good luck to the spurs and hopefully Ginobili comes back healthy and Neal keeps getting better. Im Out
FSUALUM1996::There you go referencing the cities again... your pretty consistent. That very well may be... but right now we are a playoff contending team and your not.
matxz1::I need someone to stand up for me? why? we can do this all day. You can say the Spurs have more rings and I can say The Mavs are the reigning NBA Champs. Also we can prob agree the Dallas is not the best city in the world but far better than SA. We can also agree that the Spurs and Mavs will not win another championship for 3-5+ years
FSUALUM1996::lol... the only one that is a tool here is YOU.... I don't see anyone here standing up for you and your points.... you are a twit...lol
FSUALUM1996::Wow.... A Dallas-ite that can speak the "truth". Props to you.
matxz1::Keep proving what an idiot you are. You call someone who lived in Dallas twice a Dallas-ite..... keep on showing your brilliance.
rosadoc76::"I bet you live in Dallas"........twice lived in Dallas, as well as San Antonio, Houston, and Austin/Ft. Hood.  But unlike you, I have also lived outside of the state (as I do now) and around the world.  "Just like everybody else who loves to hate on the Dallas teams but enjoys living in Dallas"..........People "hate" on DALLAS TEAMS because Dallas has no identity of its own.  Dallas wants to be New York, LA, Chicago, and Paris all in one, instead of being what it is......just Dallas.  *sigh*  typical Dallas-ite.
thebattousai99::dallas is a dump.. .been there plenty of times.  Ft worth and dallas are garbage.
matxz1::You must be a foreigner because everybody I know in Dallas could give a Shi* about NY or LA. I've been all over the world but nothing compares to Texas
FSUALUM1996::If thats the case I guess you can tell me who has more headed to head wins, division titles, playoff series wins and world championships?   A.) Dallas B.) San Antonio
matxz1::hahahaha you made my point! 5 years ago
FSUALUM1996::Talk about brilliance.... you have NONE moron...
FSUALUM1996::2007 was 5 years ago genius...lol... you look more and more like the village idiot that you are...lol
matxz1::I referenced the Sooners because like them, Spurs fans love to live in Dallas but hate on the teams.   Yes the Spurs are historically the better franchise, I have no problem admitting that, I'm not disillusion. At the same time I do like to live by the statement of what have you done for me lately and the Spurs havent won anything for 5 years
FSUALUM1996::You failed...lol
FSUALUM1996::Hey MATXZ1... you didn't finish your quiz...lol
FSUALUM1996::Why do you keep referencing the Sooners and TX?!?!? I'm a fan of neither. I don't care about either of those teams. This is about the Spurs and the Mavs you twit. Stay on topic. I know that is difficult for you and the rest of the Mavs fans. It's tough being the Spurs little brother.
matxz1::Back in the day when the Mavs had no shot at a title they were mu favorite team but I cheered on Avery Johnson, Sean Elliot, Stephen Jackson etc... Also I know more about the Spurs than most Spurs fans I guarantee it
matxz1::HAHAHa I bet you live in Dallas. Just like everybody else who loves to hate on the Dallas teams but enjoys living in Dallas. If I was from San Antonio I would move to Dallas as well, only I wouldn't bite the hand that feeds me. Just like all the Sooner fans. Love to hate on Texas but all there license plates say TEXAS.
FSUALUM1996::WRONG!!!! I live in Dallas and that is NOT the case. You DON'T cheer for the Spurs at all. Nice try. If it was a TX thing that would be one thing, but that is not the case. Dallas fans can dish out the hate but can't take it. Enjoy your title. Now you need 4 more to better the Spurs.
matxz1::Yup, sure sound like a Spurs fan. The team with little man syndrome. Unlike SPurs fans, most Mavs fans cheer for the Spurs when we are not playing each other because it's a Texas thing but the Spurs are just like the Sooners. No respect
thebattousai99::dont worry yall.. matxz1 is just a dumba.ss.
FSUALUM1996::I'm actually a Spurs fan... lol... Your still San Antonio's #$%^&amp;....lol
matxz1::HAHAH Pathetic??? Gotta love the haters. DEFENDING WORLD CHAMPION DALLAS MAVERICKS.   Who do you root for? Anyteam you root for is technically a loser if it's not the Mavs LOL
rosadoc76::The fact you just asked me this further demonstrates your lack of intelligence.    The Mav's are the defending champs, is that waht you wanted to hear?  Rooting for my C's, or someone else rooting for the Lakers, Orlando, etc does not make us loser's - it makes us real fans of our teams.  Teams that have a far better chance at the title this year than the Mav's.  They are one and done bud.  Figure it out.
matxz1::really? Who is the only team that is crowned champion right now?
rosadoc76::"Any team you root for is technically a loser if it's not the Mavs LOL"............That's one of the most foolish statements I have seen on here yet.    What an oxygen thief.
FSUALUM1996::Thats why they will NEVER win another one. They are a pathetic franchise.
FranciscoKern::The Mavs are really terrible.  Not a hater, just saying it like it is.
thebattousai99::nope.. he is just speaking the obvious.. are you going to try and say the mavs are actually good?  Righhttttt...
matxz1::No you are a hater if you got on a Mavs game board to post that
boom.shaka.::I wouldn't go that far, but it's clear they miss Chandler and Barrea.  Letting Butler go was a bit of a surprise as well.
billbrout::Nice to see Greg Popovich still knows how to coach. I can't say much for the professionalism of the Mavericks, meaning collectively, they did not maintain their fitness levels, a sad commentary. Rick Carlisle seems like a quality guy, but I don't mind imagining EL Cubano's sad and disappointed and chagrined demeanor after such a defeat!
FSUALUM1996::Cuban is a tool.
boom.shaka.::Dallas got Lamar The Fat Kardashian for nothing  What a steal.
Bullsfan118::lol mavericks fail to old to slow
Zo3313::Mavs are gonna struggle when you ask ' Irk " Novitzki to be that 7 ft defender in the paint. Everyone knows that " Irk" only goes all out on one side of the ball and it aint the defensive side
lsiberian::Not sure if srs. The compressed schedule is what got him.
sebastian dansk::i had to read that twice.  6 games in 8 nights?!?!?  further proof that the season should have been reduced to 50 games.
thebattousai99::If the mavs cant hit 3's they CANT win.. They beat the Heat last year because of their 3 point marksmanship.... if they cant knock em down, they stand no chance against most viable teams in the NBA this year.
thebattousai99::damn dallas sucks.. worst defending champs in NBA history.
Steveiscool68::Typical whining Heat fan.
thebattousai99::woah.. how do they not suck?  Part of sucking is NOT being in shape, being old and slow.. I mean, they can barely even do what they normally do best.. which is shoot the ball.  Mavs suck.. game. set. match.
matxz1::Even worst defending CHAMPS in NBA history has a good ring to it hahah
thebattousai99::agreed.
matxz1::Anybody who says the defending CHAMPIONS suck is an idiot. Not in shape, old, slow maybe but suck they do not. Save the suck term for teams that really deserve it.
thebattousai99::Lets slow down there.. its not like OKC is all that great. Lets hold off on making OKC the powerhouse of the west.. let them prove something first.  AND YES.. Mavs do suck... bad.. pathetically bad.
netjunkie88::Well, they beat OKC pretty bad the other night so they must suck even more.
flball2001::I said it after the finals last year. The Mavs might be the worst Champion in NBA history. They got lucky hitting a bunch of three's.
tech_alum_2010::I would say losing 4 players on your roster and signing older vets to save money is what did it
pckrier::No, the 1998-99 Bulls hands down was the worst defending champion in NBA history.  But, you got to remember Jordan retired, Zen Master Phil went to the Lakers, Pippen went to the Rockets, and Rodman got traded to the Lakers as well.  What is the Mavericks' excuse?
tech_alum_2010::Oh yeah it takes lots of luck to hit 3's. No it takes skill to hit them. Spurs hit a bunch of 3's last night does that mean they are just lucky?
thebattousai99::yup.. thats how they smoked through the playoffs.. if you paid attention to their games in last years playoffs, they were behind in many games by double digits in the 4th.. against OKC and Miami primarily.. and they got back in it with hitting big time shots from the 3 range.. beat the lakers by blitzing them with 3's.  If not for that, mavs do their usual choke act in the playoffs.. but they got on fire and were literally unstoppable from the 3 arch.   This year, you can see they cant hit sh.it.
tbIce33::Last year was such a fluke it's not even funny.
Fellerl@gvtc.com::Enjoyed sitting around Mavs fans complaining the whole night right from tip off. Even though before the game they were saying how they we're going to "kick our a$$" and we're being extremely disrespectful during the national anthem. They may have already been a little tipsy though, either way stay classy Mavs fans.
Vikadontis Rex::Dallas will be very lucky to make the playoffs. They look so uninterested on the court.
adriannino79::And that was with out my Man Manu. Manu get better soon
oicurak9::Any time the spurs can get a game on the mavs--well, that's a good day.
FSUALUM1996::Your precious heat better win 5 plus titles or they are what I call an epic failure.
thebattousai99::hate the Heat all you want.. mavs are done.. spurs are done.. let the crappy teams beat themselves up like the mavs and spurs.
Zo3313::Dont let him bother you before last season this dude was a fan for another team. Heat fans are bandwagon
truetotheend::do you hang around crappy team boards often?
tech_alum_2010::I'll admit even till last year I hated the Spurs. Not so much the team it was the fans, but Spurs do not bother me anymore. Its the Damn Miami Heat that I cant stand.
forgetmenot433::Damn Heat.  As a Spurs fan I was very happy to see the Mavs' finally get theirs.  Esp. after the Grizz knocked off the Spurs.
forgetmenot433::Been a good decade.
forgetmenot433::Why do the Spurs always get the "old" tag.  For about five years thats all media and fans can say.  If you paid any attention whatsoever to the teams moves you would know they aren't very old at all.  This is why they always fly under the radar.
Zo3313::Duncan has not been their number one player since 2009. If you watched the Spurs the offense goes through Manu
RevRolloGoodlove::Fine he's in his 30s as well.  Though in terms of the teams identity Duncan is still their most iconic player, which was what I was going for, but yes his production has dropped off a bit.
RevRolloGoodlove::Because their number one player is 35, three of their top four are over thirty and the fourth one (Parker) is 29m and last year they had the second oldest roster with an average age of 28.6.  This year they are down a bit at around 27.7 and I don't know where that would rank them now.  The Celtics are more vulnerable to the age issue but I get why it comes up with the Spurs.  Oh and you're definition of flying under the radar must differ wildly from mine because the Spurs have been considered contenders for every year of the last decade.
RevRolloGoodlove::Fair enough.  I don't remember anyone coming back later and saying it was broken.  I remember them saying it was hyper-extended or something to that extent but I don't remember broken.  Again, if you read the rest of my point you'd see that only supports my overall point.  Him having a serious injury at the end of last year is a reason to doubt their success coming into this season with its brutal schedule.
Zo3313::It was broken. look it up. they announced it after the playoffs were over. You know its one of those things that you dont know what your talking about
RevRolloGoodlove::And maybe because I am indifferent to the Spurs I don't pay that close attention, but it seems to me I hear their name every year for dangerous team, contender, tough out, etc.  There's certainly a lot of respect for Pop and their front office.  I could be wrong I just wouldn't view them as under the radar.
RevRolloGoodlove::He didn't have a broken elbow.  It was injured but not broken.  Either way, Manu's injury concerns going into an intensely paced season may again be a reason why many weren't high on them.
forgetmenot433::If ya disagree with me thats fine.  I feel the Spurs dont get love until they win.  I hope they feel that way too.
Zo3313::If they were experts they would know that Manu had a broken elbow which was a huge disadvantage for the Spurs. I wonder how the Lakers would do without Kobe or the Mavs without Dirk. Manu for the past 3 years has been our best player
RevRolloGoodlove::You said they ALWAYS fly under the radar, not just that they were this year.  Oh and to be fair, after the playoffs I can't really blame experts for being a tad hesitant on putting them in the top five.
forgetmenot433::No ESPN analyst that I saw had them as a top 5 west team this year.  Under radar.  I also remember a handful of ESPN guys saying in 2008 it was their last year to win b4 the window closed.  Then there was the time they played the pistons in the finals and very few analysts thought theyd get it done.
Zo3313::Back in 2003 when Tim Tony and Manu were all young they were still labeled OLD. Its just the Sportscenter brainwashing. Analysts at ESPN have a huge East Coast and LA Bias. Look at Stephen A Smith who claims he knows B-ball. He chose the Clippers to come out of the West. LOL. With the Mavs, Lakers, Thunder and Spurs in the conference he chose the Clippers. Chris Paul is good but he aint that good, if he was the Hornets would be contending every year not just one year
Zo3313::never said West Coast Bias
RevRolloGoodlove::Yes but later you said West Coast bias and that was what I was responding to.  Okay fine, so now the bias is LA and East Coast.  Okay and then the positive coverage of OKC, Chicago, the Mavs (before the season started) that's all explained by what exactly?  A break from the normal bias?  It isn't even the East Coast.  It's Boston since they started winning, New York since they became a free agent spectacle, and Miami since they picked up Lebron and Bosh.  How is ANY of that evidence of bias.  It is really, really easy to explain why each of them became a focus.
Zo3313::You didnt read my first post I said a Huge East Coast and LA bias. read again
RevRolloGoodlove::We both agree that talking to you is like talking to a wall.  I just think you see what you want to see.  You ignore my points about OKC, ignore the fact that Miami is not on the West Coast, and neither is Boston for that matter, or Chicago, or New York.  There's only ONE West Coast team that has received any positive coverage before this year (since the Kings collapsed) and come on, I hate the Lakers but they were major contenders for the vast majority of this last decade, were in seven finals and won five of them.  Them being a repeated topic is not evidence of bias.
Zo3313::you dont see it. good for you Rev. Cause arguing with me is like arguing with a wall. I know what Im talking about and Im not gonna change. one day you will see the bias and when you do your gonna remember what I said and then you will say " Oh thats what he was talking about"  I really dont care if people like the Spurs or they hate them, it doesnt bother me. But I've been hearing this OLD argument since 2003 and that is getting OLD. If anyone is Old right now its the Mavs, Lakers and Celtics not the Spurs
RevRolloGoodlove::Seriously?  All anyone can ever talk about in the 5-on-5s or various talking heads shows is how the Thunder are awesome, poised to take the West, are the favorite.  Sure they talked about potential issues between Westbrook and Durant but even then the Thunder were sitll talked of glowingly as the elite team in the West.  Look if you want to find a bias you will because you focus ONLY on what supports that view, but I don't see it.  When the Lakers were winning it all they were the focus, when the Spurs were dominating they were the focus, when Detroit had its brief window of being elite they were talked about a lot.
Zo3313::Bias comes from positive coverage. The only time I heard any coverage from the Thunder is when Westbrook and Durant were arguing. Just like how the Spurs get a negative coverage, "Old" and " Boring". They put labels like this in people's head, just mainstream people who dont really watch games but watch Sportscenter right now will believe that the Spurs are Old and Done, The Thunder are at eachother throats and the Clips and Heat are doing really great. This bias chooses  who they want you to like and not like.
RevRolloGoodlove::The Thunder ARE the favorite for taking the West.  Thank you for reminding me.  Overwhelmingly ESPN commentators chose the Thunder to come out of the West.  Is OKC suddenly on the West Coast?
Zo3313::No West Coast Bias? I said LA bias Keep on watching then. The Thunder should be the favorite to win the West, then the Mavs since they are the defending champs. Look at the Nuggets and Blazers. They dont get any coverage
RevRolloGoodlove::I didn't say it was my pick just that it wasn't completely idiotic.  I would agree that teams with little playoff experience tend not to do so well.  CP3 has some fantastic games under his belt but sure they have little experience overall.  I just don't think picking a team with their lineup is honestly evidence of a West Coast bias.
Zo3313::and the Clippers have not won a playoff round since???????????  Ive been watching the NBA for over 20 years there will never be a team that can just come dominate without having past success in the playoffs. The Playoffs are won by teams who know how to win HUGE Pressure games. The Clips???? Come on, not this year
RevRolloGoodlove::If you say so.  I certainly never remember hearing that and would have laughed really had if I did.  Anyone who made that comment back in 2003 was an idiot.  All that I can remember of the Spurs being called old is from recent years.
Zo3313::When the Spurs vs Mavs in the WCF Sportscenter lead the show with if the the old leg of the Spurs can beat the young legs of the Mavs. Dude Im not making this up Its True. I wouldnt waste my time on here to make up lies
RevRolloGoodlove::Who the hell called them old back in 2003?  Seriously, name one person who called them old that far back.  That's just nonsense.  The Clippers have CP3, Griffin, Jordan, Billups and Caron Butler, they weren't a bad pick really.  And considering how in flux the West is with the Mavs playing poorly, the Lakers being inconsistent and having internal issues, it's still really not that idiotic of a pick.
tech_alum_2010::I am getting kind of irritated with peoples stupid comments. Maybe I'm being to positive but heres what I think. All you guys who keep complaining about Cuban being cheap this year heres what he is looking at. Sure lets bring everybody back and have another chance for a title but what happens then? In order to keep the roster the same Cuban was going to have to Over pay Chandler, Barea, and Stevenson. All three are good players but not great. They are not the foundation for the future of the Mavs. That also makes Dirk, Kidd, Marion and Terry one year older playing with 3 Over payed Players. Mavs would have been good maybe 1-2 more years with that aging roster. And in case you didnt know to much money was invested 2 yrs ago in Haywood to just let him go. Heres the Genius part although it hasnt worked well. Cuban signs West, Carter and Odom for 1 yr deals and pretty much nothing. Which means next year We have lots of cap Space to potentially sign Howard and Williams who could be the foundation for the next 5 yrs. Now you have Beaubois, Mahinmi, DOJO, Howard, Williams, Dirk, and some bench players. Cuban is looking to be good for a long time not to be good for a year and be done. Now i know thats how it looks right now bc they won and now they are terrible but it takes time to try and build a team who can win 2-3 trophys in 5 yrs. All Dallas fans need to think long term not on a one year basis
tech_alum_2010::good job thebattousai99 you just made another stupid comment. all you can say is they suck and haha, ever tried proving your point without haha or LOL
thebattousai99::what was that? Huh? Mavs su.ck?  Oh yeah.. I knew that.
forgetmenot433::Yea I agree with you there as well.  Tommy never seemed like he wanted to be here (at Tech)  I think Frenship had a lot to do with it and if I understand correctly Tommy didnt miss a single Frenship game this year.  I also understand he spent a good amount of time helping Frenships coaching staff.  That would smell ok if they had a winning record, instead it stinks because he seems more interested in coaching his son for free, rather than coach our team for 7 figures ya know?  Sorry for run-ons in my rant :)
tech_alum_2010::Yeah i can see that. I could see where it might makes those high school coaches feel weird bc a college coach has a son in high school. make them feel inferior, unless he doesnt get involved
tech_alum_2010::I have always liked the guy. If he stays long enough I think he can get in good enough recruits to get the program going
tech_alum_2010::Now i will say I dont feel like Tubbs wants to be there but thats between him and the school. I hated the OC play calling this year and also hated how the "River Boat Gambler" would not go for it on 4th down esp against Baylor when even if we won we prob still wouldnt get a bowl game. So it wouldnt have hurt to been risky
forgetmenot433::I will also say that BCG was a good hire and will move our men in the right direction. (next year tourney?)
tech_alum_2010::All Tech fans know that no matter who the coach is Tech always beats someone they shouldnt and then let some crappy team beat them. It's always happend
forgetmenot433::Fair enough except for 2008(best ole miss team in a long time and nc runner up OU).  I think he is gone after this year.  I know our culture at Tech and realize many expectations are out of whack.  But when our AD is running around talking abouth the national championships we are going to win....
tech_alum_2010::I think he is fine. I think between bad Lines on both sides of the ball and a young team they will be ok
forgetmenot433::Guns up.  Whatchya think about Tommy?  Optimistic there too?
playinaround2::Gotta love that Boobwah led all players in blocks.
Doo Doo Stretch::Mavs are the oldest team in the nba and did away with their best big man.  What did you expect...  http://en.hispanosnba.com/teams/comparison
Janethan23::Why Cuban why? Did you really think that your team will roll into the playoffs with a shtty lineup? You had the players that completed your team now your team sucks monkey balls so bad the word "champ" attached to your team is now a joke. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
matxz1::I'm with you. Chandler should of been the center for the Mavs as long as Dirk can still somewhat jog. I wouldn't go as far as say the Mavs are a joke but definitely not championship caliber. Kidd is wearing down fast and Haywood is not a championship center. No point guard and center means no championship
flybye23::71 points ????  lmao
