Suh-ey::How can you call it a "slide"? Before one can "slide" one must attain some degree of altitude or at least momentum. In this case, that would mean winning ... to any degree. The Pistons are 0-for. They have not gotten a leg off the ground nor have they taken so much as a step forward. Sliding is impossible. They are positively stationary.  And embarrassing.
Chargers_4_Sale::Ibaka has the most purest stroke shot I ever seen in my life.
__Captain_Awesome__::Hey, Stuckey, you're a fart face.  F--- you!
__Captain_Awesome__::NERLENS NOEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
__Captain_Awesome__::Hey, Stuckey, we hate you.  Get the f--- out of Detroit, you ain't welcome here.  You too, Villanueva.  You're ugly, too.  And bring Daye with you.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::we only won by 11!!! i blame the ugly jerseys
CandySparker::Harden to say I'm sorry ?
jeffery talkington::I see Detroit put together one hell of a team this year, should be fun to watch for us Detroit Fans!!!
jeffery talkington::Fun fact of the day Detroit? Make it so someone will want to come play for us!
FatCat_00::Lmao  The Thunder traded the wrong guy
Gods illa::It's ok fatty we still better tan you team
bamberg1977::I'm pretty sure Drummond should never play over 6 mins again. Did Frank lose his mind....In all fairness Drummond did not show up at all in the Denver game. It was pathetic how bad he was outrebounded. Pistons need D-rebounding desperatley
Tdavis2304::Damn pistons  how many times y'all gon lose before a win
DetKoolAid::Have you seen the schedule lol 5 straight road games against potential playoff teams from the western conference including the damn Thunder...did you expect them to beat the West Champs? They also have 3 rookies in the regular rotation as well as a couple bums (Tay Prince and Maxiel) and until tonight Frank refused to play drummond more than 7 minutes or with Monroe.  They will be fine long run, they are just working on keeping that draft pick to pair with the boat load of cap money they have this coming summer
CoreyGallagherArt::Wow, Drummond needs more minutes, Monroe and him are going to be scary down the road
schubes05::lets get rid of Prince, Daye, Stuckey, and Villanueva. Waste of space. Play Singler, Drummond, Jerebko WAY MORE! its not like we are going to win more games...
trademarktaz::I totally agree, let those two grow with each other and we could also be looking at getting a top pick in the draft this year to replace Stuckey or Tayshaun.
Gods illa::Especially down the road ..
Gods illa::After heat and Knicks I feel like east is wide open
Neil826::the alabama football team could beat the pistons in basketball.
Uncle Drew Gets Buckets.::Good game by drummond
Sniper_Brosef::Can we fire Lawrence Frank yet???  This is exactly how he started in New Jersey before he got fired!
trademarktaz::This situation was set up for failure.
denn19641::I think someone whisper on his ear to play Moose and Andre together. Two more loses and I think he will go.
Sniper_Brosef::well with Houston and then OKC again....sounds like hes gone!
Penney Lane::OKC needs to start Martin &amp; Maynor in the back-court and bring Westbrook &amp; Stepho off the bench  - Westbrook vs the other teams reserves would be a huge advantage
Gods illa::Yea he's struggling ..  He will come around
BMITCH333::Westbrook struggling with his shot this year, but doing a better job of facilitating the offense.  It shows in Serge Ibaka's increased offensive production
Gods illa::He needs to control the ball in order to do what he do .. And Westbrook vs 95% of first teamers is in an advantage ..
MotorCityMagic28::Well a bunch of people in Vegas are livid. Line was 11.5 and they won by 11!!!!!!
Penney Lane::Why? both sides are bet equally
Alejandra7788::Wow,i didn't know detroit was 0-6, ouch!!!
BMITCH333::I like Drummond!
Neil826::bobcats have some competition for worst team this year.  they just need to contract both detroit and the bobcats to put them out of their miserable existence.
ksesch313::thats ignorant.  the pistons only became bad a few years ago when their owner died.  if anything they need to just be moved downtown instead of playing in a stadium an hour out of the city
reddman_00_998red::It's time to start Drummond, that old way of sitting the rookie is gone especially on rebuilding teams. No win yet so at least get him some burn. Heck, even the NFL are starting the rookie QB's now.
Memb1.::Drummond is going to be a stud
Detroit Everything::http://i.imgur.com/vffF8.jpg
r3tardicans::harold who are those negros in the middle of that hardwood floor surrounding that one white guy
Philip3664::I can see Drummond playing like Ibaka is playing now real soon
r3tardicans::if anybody thats going to be having sex with my sister its going to be me  - okc fans
Gods illa::Lol come to OKC and get slapped .. U Dnt knw nothing about Oklahoma
Matthew Borba::You know what they say, only true idiots believe stereo types.
r3tardicans::i will be sure to wear my overalls
dohvakhiin::I honestly thought this team was going to go .500, i is stupid
MotorCityMagic28::Even being a die hard fan I expected AT BEST a 32-50 season, but now I really think we'd be lucky to get 24 wins
PrinceofDetroit28::At least if you go to a Pistons game you get sweet halftime entertainment like MC Hammer.
sportsfan1014::wow, Westbrook only took 10 shots tonight, something muct be wrong here..
bigger_in_texas35::im ok with russ taking 15-20 shots as long as durant at least touches it every possesion
BMITCH333::Russ is struggling with his shot, but has improved as a playmaker.  Assist are way up this year, and Ibaka is the beneficiary.
dpnorris::He looks terrible so far this year. Maynor was more effective in this game with 13 fewer minutes.
wjmoffatt::and maynor went up against who again?? Does Maynor play D like Westbrook? So please rephrase the more effective part, maybe on Offense against scrubs, but certainly not all around/
TigerMichLion111::You oukd have tied Kentucky!!!!  Does that mean anything maryland???  Shoot te ball At least it's really not that hard OMFG!!!!  $@%!$@%!!!
TigerMichLion111::Maryland pathetic $@%!$@%!!   WTF shoot the ball it's not that hard!!   &amp;@&amp;$!!!!
Philip3664::Im glad Maryland made them sweat a lil bit even though they didnt win
Philip3664::Kentucky wins...
Sterling8673::Lakers, Celtics and Pistons-notice the difference.  Lakers win titles when they keep guys like Jerry WEst, Magic Johnson, Kurt Rambis and Mitch Kupchak in the mix after their playing careers are over.  Celtics-wins titles when they do like the Lakers and keep former players like Russell, Heinsoln, Jones, Ainge and Carr in the mix.  Pistons-Dumars was handed the job but the Pistons have ignored Isiah, Laimbeer, Mahorn and Vinnie Johnson to work in capacities like coaching, director of scouting (because Dumars can't evaluate talent), assistant coaching or anything like scouting.  That's why the Lakers have 16 titles, the Celtics have 17 titles and the Pistons have 3 titles.
Memb1.::I'd rather watch a team like the 2004 Pistons, than a team of a bunch of has beens like the Celtics and the Lakers.   There hasnt exactly been anything about the teams assembled in Boston and LA, it takes talent to build a team, not buy a team.
trademarktaz::If you think that's the reason the Lakers and Celtics have so many titles compared to the Pistons then you're stupid.
denn19641::Isiah scored 20+ in a quarter with a busted knee.
Detroit Everything::Also, we were a Larry Bird in-bounds steal and Laimbeer phantom foul away from 4 bad boy rings instead of 2.
PrinceofDetroit28::Heres the other thing. People want to play in Boston and LA. People don't want to play in Detroit. It is much harder to win in Detroit.
denn19641::Lakers have all the money in world to get the superstars while the Pistons depends on hard nosed team defense. Blame it on Stern as he was punishing the defense when Pistons are dominating the league. After 1990, Jordan cried of the Pistons defense and calls the following year change dramatically, same thing that happened after 2004.  Just wait for a year and two and we will be back!!
Detroit Everything::OK, I'll agree with this. I would loved to have Laimbeer and Isiah part of the franchise. Even Salley was asking to be part of it last off-season during the "State of the Pistons"  But Dumars can evaluate talent.
r3tardicans::cow tipping celebration for the corn cobb smoking hicks
savelando::it'll be ok. no need to lash out.
SoonerMedical::You ever try "tipping" a cow?
TigerMichLion111::UK up by 3, Maryland has one last shot
denn19641::Pistons is 0-6 and were defeated by Lakers whose 1-4. Yet I think motown have higher hopes than LA.
Sterling8673::Detroit has 1970s, 1980s and 1990s halftime entertainment going for the 1000 fans in the arena.
TigerMichLion111::Come on Kentucky lose!!  Crap
Holy Hip Hoppers::Drummond for Perkins !!
denn19641::Dislike! Dislike! Dislike!
PrinceofDetroit28::You couldn't even get Jeff Green for Perkins now.
Philip3664::Hell no LOL
TigerMichLion111::Lol NO
phendogg17::I'm not much on vegas #'s, but I had the numbers at Pistons +11.5 and the Under/Over 198.  Final Pistons lose by 11 and 199 total points.  Man those guys in Vegas are good.
Philip3664::When is OKC gonna give PJ3 more PT
BMITCH333::Thank you.  I Don't love Brooks' rotations.  Play these talented athletic rooks - NOW!!
The Honey Badger::only a rook. has to earn it in practice.
heyman110::Play Jeremy Lamb!!!! For the love of god, I just want to see how he does
SoonerMedical::Ibaka has been killing it as of late.
makin_everyday::i knew the pistons would lose!!!!!  sh!!!!t, could they really go 0-82?????????????
makin_everyday::me a troll????
Detroit Everything::troll
makin_everyday::i'm not trolling just facing the facts!!!?
TigerMichLion111::No they will win 20
makin_everyday::check back with me at the all-star break!!!
TigerMichLion111::At least, maybe 30
PrinceofDetroit28::Not with Orlando on their schedule
Ar1ch32::Ibaka&gt;&gt;&gt;Griffin
TNERO11::IBAKA, HE HAS TO MAKE 500 SHOTS A PRACTICE, HE'S AIMING TO BE THE NEXT DIRK
Philip3664::If the Pistons could have somehow kept Ibaka in check, they might have won
BMITCH333::no doubt
t casey::That's just how good OKC is. And how bad we are. Ibaka was open because of the focus on Westbrook and Durant which allowed Ibaka to have all those open looks. If they focus on Ibaka, more lanes and opportunities open up for Durant and Westbrook.  Either way, it's trouble.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::I love all the Monday morning coaching in here.
Detroit Everything::6 games? how about since the second Drummond was drafted.
hallnateEQ-UM::No, Pistons fans have been calling for it all year.
hallnateEQ-UM::THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107 - After 6 games. Sounds like Laker fans.  What part of "all year" did you not get? It isn't because of the last 6 games. Pistons fans have been saying Drummond should start since before the season started.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::After 6 games. Sounds like Laker fans.
TigerMichLion111::Michigan won 100-61, hardaway with 25, Burke with 21 and 8
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Pistons fans are true to their team. props to you guys. The Hawks fans couldnt stop cheering for Lebron tonight...pathetic
BMITCH333::Sadly, Atlanta is littered with a bunch of bandwagon, front running losers.  Such a turkey sports town.  Trust me, I live there.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::oh o_O
TigerMichLion111::Thanks, I'll always love my pistons no matter how bad they suck....lol....they will be back
TigerMichLion111::Pistons 04 team was one of the best in recent history!!  Dontbsaybcu it was a weak conference idiot!!  Come on BS
hallnateEQ-UM::I wouldn't call a championship in 2004 the result of Jordan leaving the Bulls
Detroit Everything::there's reasons why Carlisle and Brown didn't last. Flipper had 3 years, Curry and Kuester bc the owner died and his cheap wife didn't want to hire someone good. There weren't a lot of choices for coach and I didn't agree with the Frank choice, I wanted Laimbeer, but we needed someone with coaching experience. Oh well.
TigerMichLion111::Can't draft??  Ya our young guys are pretty good
Sterling8673::Not under Dumars.  He got lucky in thge early 2000s when the Eastern Conference was weakened after Jordan left the Bulls.  Dumars can't draft or pick head coaches.  Since 2000 Dumars has had IRVINE, CARLISLE, BROWN, FLIPPER, CURRY, KUESTER and FRANKS as head coaches.  7 head coaches in 12 years.
TigerMichLion111::Pistons hung with the western conference champs and only lost by 10!!! Not bad, oh and frank finally figured out, start drummon!!!!
Detroit Everything::Flip went to the ECF finals all 3 years he was with us, we weren't going back to the finals with that starting 5. What was wrong with drafting Delfino that wasn't even a high pick? Drafting Maxiel wasn't a problem it's playing him now as a starter which is not Dumar's job. Darko was the consensus #2.
Sterling8673::Flip couldn't get past the 6th game of the ECF all three years.  2006-he had the best record in the NBA and STRUGGLED in 7 games to beat a crappy Cavs team. Against the Heat Pat Riley outcoached him badly by fouling Ben Wallace everytime down court.  2007-lost to a horrible one man Cavs team even though Boopie Gibson owned Billups that whole series.  2008-Doc Rivers just punked him time and time again.  His team had no heart and no fight and Laimbeer would have won with that team.  DELFINO was a scrub!  Maxiel was not first round material.  No Dumars pick has ever been a NBA All Star.
Sterling8673::Now we are to the point where we're celebrating MORAL WINS?  Time for Gores to send Dumars packing.
Sterling8673::Detroit Everything - sigh, Why Dumars, just tell me what Dumars has done to cause these 6 losses. Please inform me.   (1) Should have traded Prince after the 2007 season.  (2) Why was Maxiel resigned?  (3) Could have hired Laimbeer after Brown left and went with Flipper (loser), Curry (no experience) and Kuester (had losing record in college and Franks (joke).  (4) Don't get me started on drafting Darko, Delfino, Maxiel and Daye.  (5) Name a big name free agent he has signed or come close to signing.  (6) Traded Billups for Iverson, which made no sense.  (7) Put the future of the team in the hands of Rodney Stuckey.
t casey::I'm gonna go with hiring an obviously bad choice for head coach when there were better options out there.
Detroit Everything::sigh, Why Dumars, just tell me what Dumars has done to cause these 6 losses. Please inform me.
Michigan_Sports68::Drummond needs to start over Maxiell... If Frank doesn't realize this, then he's dumber than I thought...
lake_405::He doesn't have to start but I think he should get more minutes thats for sure atleast 30-32
James Harden 3 point Celebration::good game Drummond, start him!
