WHERE IS LEBRALDO::.
LeoPat11::Who else saw Lebrons cheap shot on Watson?
WHERE IS LEBRALDO::.
Lets Go Miami Heat::I need to ask this just for the heak of it. If the heat do win this year witch I hope they do. Lebron does get a ring who will you guys say who does not have a ring yet? Durant, Rose. I do like both of these players though.
lebronsucks5000::lebron wont win a ring buddy
Lets Go Miami Heat::And I believe Rose has a MVP am I right?
Nanrad_91::It's not comparable. The reason LeBron get so much crap is because of the Decision and how is collapses in the fourth. Rose and Durant do not have that on their back, so they are less likely to be ridiculed for not having a ring. Additionally, LBJ has been in  the league twice as long as Rose and I believe Durant has one year on Rose.
Lets Go Miami Heat::No I guys r like 2 MVPs means you should have a championship. What you got to say now?
jonny0916::Durant and Rose dont call themselves Kings
Rossi46Doctor::The best part about this game is that all the Miami trolls can come up with is that CJ Watson's 3 was "lucky."  Somehow, a simple pump-fake, step to the left and shoot move, something basketball players have been doing since Jesus Christ played SG for Bethlehem, has become some kind of miraculous move that's now "lucky."   LOL ok.  Guess LBJ's three late in the fourth was "lucky" too, right?  Maybe Asik blocking Wade's weak floater and Taj banging down a fast break dunk at the other end while D League Ronnie Turiaf gave him a weak foul was "lucky."
JMoney996::Cj Watson is more clutch than Lebron DRose is more clutch than Lebron DengBang is more clutch than Lebron Shall i keep going??!??!!??!
Lets Go Miami Heat::Mayb
Lets Go Miami Heat::Let's see the playoffs then we will talk k?
JMoney996::Bulls turn for the Finals this year!!!!
JMoney996::Rose took his benching like a CHAMP also. Guarantee you will never see stuff like that again. He doesn't pull any Kobe Bryant whining antics!
JMoney996::Bulls beat the Heat AGAIN, and ROSE was not even a factor AT ALL. This further proves the suckiness of the Heat.
Lets Go Miami Heat::Let's see him that that lucky $@% three in a 7 game series. Or even the next time they play. People r so stupid sometimes.
Nanrad_91::LGMH, you're an idiot. Any unbiased fan can see that CJ knew exactly where the ball was going. He didn't lob it up, but rather he moved his position to get a better shot. If he stayed in the same spot LBJ would have blocked him. Everyone shoots expecting to make it.
blh7068::^^^^^^^ This.
blh7068::I dont need to do that...because thats not what Im objecting to.  I disagree with your description. I said he dribbled left to get a better look. Its not quite  "He shot the ball not even knowing where he was lobbing it and the ball just made its way in the hoop".  Like I said it didnt happen quite like that.  THATS my argument.
Lets Go Miami Heat::Answer my question u $@%!
Rossi46Doctor::LOL omg dude you're blowing apart.  Do you even realize how bad you've just been pwned?  It's a pretty standard move in the game of basketball to pump fake, get the defender in the air, take a step to create some space, and shoot.  It's been happening since there were wooden baskets and dirt courts.  Get some therapy bro!
blh7068::No.. Im saying your depiction is inaccurate.  How fooking stupid are YOU...
Lets Go Miami Heat::So ur saying if the game was like that again he would make that shot again? Ur f u c k i n g dumb
Lets Go Miami Heat::Right
blh7068::No...he dribbled to his left to get a better look.  If he had shot it from the spot where he got the ball, then you may be right...but it didnt happen like that. Nice try.
Lets Go Miami Heat::He shot the ball not even knowing where he was lobbing it and the ball just made its way in the hoop. Dumb A S S
blh7068::Wrong
jonoah13::Well he had 16 points and is shooting about 42 percent from three this year so Im sure your right there's plenty more where that came from b e a t c h
jonoah13::My name is dwayne wade i once got carted off the court on a wheelchair for a seperated shoulder p u s s y
jahlove1261::Wade " I wanna get paid for the Olympics!!"  - somebody tell #3 - he better start winning games or else he aint gonna get paid in the playoffs because this sorry $@% squad will get bounced before the conference finals.
GetOffMeDude::LeElbow's cheap shot on CJ Watson, wow.   Karma is bitzch!
PlayerPresident1::exactly
ahwickman::Hey I am LMAO about D Wade.  He tried to play the Bulls as chumps in the offseason while the weasel was conniving with LeDick, and Chris  B-iT-C-h to go to South C-r-a-p. Hope you never sniff a championship again and Chicago.is no longer your home town by choice.Please quit playing that up in the media
PlayerPresident1::i feel you 1000%.  dwade still think he got mad love from "former" hometown.  dude is delusional.
Rossi46Doctor::Total a$$ clown, nobody here respects him.  His dad got kicked out of the UC for cussing and shouting like a classless crybaby biiitch last time the heat were here too, shows what kind of cloth this kid is cut from.
Nanrad_91::That Miami environment softened him up. lol
jonoah13::Love the comment no one from chicago would ever consider that guy a chigoan,  He is a little weasel he flops and cries and once got carted off the court on a wheel chair for a separated shoulder hahaha,  guys a clown
JoePa is faking::My sh.it &gt; Heat
29thrasher::What a game bulls fans!!!! To things I like out of this game. Boozer did good and rip helped out. Although rip could not even get a good look with wade on him.. Everybody keeps bringing up last year but this is this year.. Right now I believe boston, Miami, or chicago could come out of the east.. Im willing to bet 1,000 one of those teams will come out the east
29thrasher::*two
Bulls 2012 Nba Champs::At the end of the day this win just solidifies that the bulls are the best team team going into the playoffs, and with rose getting his stinker outta the way early bulls looking like nba champs. ....
SportsFanfromNY::The HEAT will once again crumple in the playoffs this year.  Chicago proved it last night and the Mavs proved it last year, the HEAT cannot beat a team that plays like a TEAM.  the Heat relies too much on their three stars.  if you take away their transition game, then their half court offense is stagnant.  the offense relies on the Big 3 to create their own shot or to create for others.  besides the three the Heat are nothing, no bench, no other scoring threat.  and in a playoff series you cannot rely on wade, lbj, bosh to play 45+ min and still be able to produce.  last yr the Heat were able to beat Derrick Rose not the BULLS this yr will be different, the BULLS are playing like a team.
ndunks::How come ESPN blasts lebron after he wins and after he loses to chicago they got people saying the celtics have a better chance than the bulls and praising lebron??
Joshuatr1015::Last night was the BEST thing to ever happen to the Heat. Now that the number 1 seed is pretty much out of the question it is gonna allow the big 3 to get some rest! Bosh hasnt been the same guy since the all star break, Wade needs to get healthy, and LeBron is just playing way too many minutes as of late. So hopefully the bench can get a lot of minutes down the strech and the Heat can be 100% come playoff time. Bulls are a good team the difference will be whether or not they have another Level to step up to in the playoffs, Because honestly I think they are playing to their full potential right now and Heat arent even close to playing 100%.
ahwickman::You are right. The Heat have to prove they have another level to beat the Bulls this year. This is not the same Bulls team as last year.  They have improved play from their bench which is scary. And with Rip healthy (vs Keith Bogans) this is a different team.
PlayerPresident1::exactly.  last night was actually the WORST thing to happen to the heat.  unlike last year, they KNOW now that the bulls can beat them in a seven game serious.
J-SMOOVE2056::KINGS ARE MOVING TO SEATTLE FOLKS
bits66069::i think everyone needs to calm down .It was a nice win last night but once the playoffs start there will be more space between the games.The heat will be rested and they will look like a different team . I do not think the bulls have enough talent to get by them .
KING_XII::yeah at @Maestro6694 you dont need a bench. Lmao you crazy boi. If they dont need a bench let lebron, wade, and bosh play 48 mins every game in the playoffs and see how long that last buddy.
Maestro6694::Unlike the regular season, you don't need a "deep bench" in the Playoffs.
PlayerPresident1::you are absolutely correct.   the bulls bench didn't play well last season in that series and boozer wasn't 100%.  this year is a different story.
ahwickman::You are high on Miami cocaine. The bench is the difference in a 7 game series.
ndunks::I think it was more of the bulls bench not playing like they usually did against the heat in the playoffs last year
cod4hooper::And that lack of bench beat your Bulls so....................where exactly is your argument?
nerazzurro3x::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, SURE YOU DONT, didnt the deep Mavs bench own your little overrated Heat last year?
Rick-Da-Villain::Miami bench isn't good enough to beat da bulls
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::if Lebron did less ball licking and more practicing he might not choke so much
DRoseIsSexy::That was an awesome game by the bulls. Everyone said we could hang with Miami. That OT statement shows bulls are not the same as last year. Classy respone by Rose about being benched. Everyone has bad games especially after coming back from injury and he handled it well. Thibs was amazing as usual, and the bulls bench is the best.
Erica6592::lmao I'm watching SN and lmao THERE IS NO WAY THE BULLS CAN CONTEND FOR A SHIP WITHOUT D-ROSE People need to put down the pipe! lmao smh stop being prisioner of moment!
ssherman28::Lebrick lives up again to his name,missing that free throw that would have given the Heat a 4 point lead....  And once again if he is the best player of all time, shouldnt he shoot the ball at the end even with 5 guys on him..  He could play for the NFL and score 50 everynight (his words) he should take the last shot
Erica6592::Oh and I don't know iff everyone knows but The Chicago Bulls are Central Divion Champs again!
go toms2::I want a little more than that this year. Its nice and all but theres a bigger picture.
sprtfanusa::big deal!!!
Erica6592::Seriously, there is something special about this team that doesn't show up in box score!
go toms2::Dong size?
CelticPatriot17::Ccceelllltiiiicssss!
CyBuck the Troll Slayer::can they pass Indy for the third seed?  I'd like to see a Heat v Celtic 2nd round matchup
go toms2::Agreed.
sprtfanusa::Lakers vs. Celtics again 2012. It's the only NBA match-up that really matters!
go toms2::Id rather watch reruns of Designing Women.
sprtfanusa::that would be TERRIBLE!!!
go toms2::76ers vs Grizzlies..... ugh. Could you imagine?
go toms2::....are getting hot at the right time. Scary if you ask me. Bulls match up against them pretty well though.
01Bulls4life::I don'' know about you.. but this is the Reaction that Taj had after the game after he heard this:  http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/18496836.jpg
CyBuck the Troll Slayer::It was great to see the Bench Mob have a great game last night.  Loved the effort and ball movement.  Almost seemed like they were outplaying the starters.  Hopefully they'll keep it going during the playoffs.  I know most teams tighten up their rotation come playoff time, but I don't see Thibs doing that.  Think we'll see lots of the Bench Mob this post season.
go toms2::"Korver from Half Court.....KABOOM!"
5ncounting::What's even more pathetic is Miami having 86 points after overtime
jehayes42::defense wins championships
-LOS LAKERS::The cHeat with 3 superstars scored a whole 2 points in OT.... PATHETIC!
01Bulls4life::Soon the Bulls Bench won't be called a Bench... They'll be introduced as the starting 10.
ssherman28::the refs will make sure of that matchup
go toms2::Starting 9. Deng starts and comes off the bench. Ha.
5ncounting::I'm a lakers fan so u probably don't care what I think but I still don't see the bulls beating Miami in a 7 game series  I think they have a problem with rose being hurt
jehayes42::played and sucked and we still won, enough said we definitely can do this and have all the motivation to do so, it's about to happen this year
go toms2::Oh I know.
01Bulls4life::He wasn't the Rose we know... and he wasn't even an impact.
go toms2::Technically Rose played last night....sorta.
01Bulls4life::Either team can take it... but I do think Bulls have the edge.  Twice the Bulls beat the Heat with no Rose... Rose is not what just a tip of the iceburg of the Heat's issues.  Heat should had atleast won any of the 2 and they couldn't.
lovesports3409::They have a real problem and if it's not even us. IF they get to the ECF.
5ncounting::Me too
go toms2::I hope Miami gets bounced and the Bulls dont even have to worry about it.
go toms2::Taj Gibson could be starting for A LOT of teams. I hope he doesnt realize that and want to bolt. He gets plenty of minutes.
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::Among PF's , Taj ranks 6th in average blocks per game. He would average more than 3 blocks if he played full minutes.
go toms2::The Mike Miller block last night was funny. Sneaky sneaky.
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::Yeah and would make 1st Defensive Team.
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::Yeah. Those were epic.
go toms2::For sure. He is probably the only Bulls big that will dunk on people. Two of my favorite dunks that Ive seen live on TV have to be his in last years ECF.
lovesports3409::Why do the Bulls keep doing this? LBJ looked so sad. So sorry....not really.
5ncounting::Imagine how good the heat would be if they had Kobe instead of Lebron  Him and wade would be unstoppable in the 4th
FloridaGatorsForever::They wouldn't accomplish anything.
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::5-6 in the last 11 games. The Heat are slipping
go toms2::Fallin? They cant get up? Hey yo, they slippin, they fallin', they cant get up. D M X!
go toms2::Nothing makes me happier. That and beer. Oh and porn.o
AlaskaHawks::Haha
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::Slippin' and fallin' on their own tears. Did you see LeBron cry after the game?
5ncounting::Lebrons performance last year in the finals while in his prime tells you all u need to know about this guy  Of course he's a good player but he will never be a top 20 all time  I'm tired of people putting him in the same sentence with the all time greats like Jordan, Kobe, magic and bird  He's more of a Barkley or pippen
5ncounting::He should never be in the same sentence as Kobe either  Kobe has more game winners this year then the queen has in his career
Mrbiz8505::Agreed....Kobe proved he can win without Shaq.  Wade can't even say that
Mrbiz8505::Lebron and Jordan should never be in the same sentence.  Unless its the one i just wrote
sprtfanusa::Sure they can, Jordans a winner, Lebrons a loser, end of sentence.
sprtfanusa::AGREE!
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::Anyone else more worried about the Pacers than the Heatles?
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::I mean, the Heat benched scored 7 points... really?
go toms2::I remember arguments earlier in the season from Heat fans saying their bench has gotten so much better and rivals the Bulls..... nah.
GeX.0::pacers are dirty mofos and they play hard vs the bulls, but the heat are still better
ChiBulls8908::No lol. Pacers are a good team but they aren't on the same level as Bulls and Heat
GeX.0::miami's in trouble if lebron has to play 47mpg in the playoffs
caioschleich::Miami's bench points says it all. No depth for the playoffs.
Mrbiz8505::Lebron and Wade both
ChiBulls8908::Miami is in trouble if they can't learn to win on the road asap
HeatFirstRoundExit::The nba would be much better if stern moves teams from the west to the east. Maybe the mavs grizz and rockets then thinks will be even..
GeX.0::or at least so there's some geographical consistency
Rossi46Doctor::Rip and Korver beat D Wade up all night long making him chase them off screens; beautiful to watch
5ncounting::Has Lebron ever won anything  Olympics= bronze medal 04' finals= swept 11' finals= worst performance ever by a superstar in finals history  This guy has a record of being a loser
ssherman28::I thought it was Kobe and Carmelo that saved them
sprtfanusa::ACTUALLY BOTH WADE AND LEBRON WERE CHOKING IN THE GOLD MEDAL GAME AND KOBE HAD TO SAVE THEM BOTH.
5ncounting::Ya when Kobe and wade carried him
GeX.0::lol... he has a gold in the olympics too ;)
GrizzK4::Pretty sure he was on a gold medal team, dude. Gotta respect him. I hate his a.ss, but I do respect his ability.
HeatFirstRoundExit::Lmao idiots who ever thinks the east is tuffer then the west....or has the top teams haha thunder lakers spurs grizz clippers vs bulls heat wow the east so strong haha
go toms2::Clippers? Come on. The way Boston is playing right now, they could take out any one of those teams.
go toms2::"Lebron passes the ball to Wade. Wade back to Lebron. Lebron quickly back to Wade..."
ChiBulls8908::Wade puts up a brick! Rebound LeBron....He has an open look under the basket!  Wait.........LeBron passes back out to Wade
GrizzK4::And Bosh steals the ball! Now Lebron and Wade are chasing down Bosh to get the ball back.....
HeatFirstRoundExit::Lmao 56% career freetrow shooter in the 4th and cant close games and will  go scoreless in crunch  time 8times out of 10...u cant win a ring with lechoke 10years of facts
AlaskaHawks::Is 56% in the 4th on FTs true?! Wow
ChiBulls8908::I loved his big goose egg in OT
5ncounting::The west is clearly the better conference
ssherman28::it has been for a while
sprtfanusa::BY FAR
01Bulls4life::Aicyla22 and Dem_Canes_Man are cool heat fans in my book.
Aicyla22::thanks guys i feel the love haha okay I'm really leaving now see you in a few days bye!
01Bulls4life::Cool... :) Cya.. take care...
01Bulls4life::Why make an enemy due to a sports preferrence..that would be dumb.
GrizzK4::I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH, YOU'RE ALL LIKE MY SECOND FAMILY!
5ncounting::Aww...all this love is so cute
AlaskaHawks::Lol the east only has 2 teams with winning records against +.500 teams, west has 5. Lol at east Being better overall!
GeX.0::you notice it's only ever west fans who try to compare west to east?  it's because you're so insecure about the fact that the top teams are in the east now.
GeX.0::ok it's still probably a  10 - 1 ratio.
AlaskaHawks::Nope look down about 20 comments. East fan brought OT up
GrizzK4::You must be a Kings fan or something. It's embarrassing when you have to resort to cheering for an entire conference, it's like anybody in the SEC!
GrizzK4::It's a joke comparing a conference to each other. So the East has 2 terrible teams, they also have a better top 2 than the West! And don't give me some Spurs garbage. The 3 teams who should decide the title this year are the Thunder, Heat and Bulls. Hands down.
AlaskaHawks::Just reading the comment below saying east is better. That's a joke
go toms2::Yayyyy. Congrats. Thats what playoffs are for. Move along.
go toms2::Holy Korver shooting the lights out the last two games Batman.
Rossi46Doctor::Ridiculous shooting %, and he gets it off so quickly
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::He's also been playing some impressive defense...
GrizzK4::He's turning into a bigger Sasha Pavlovic! But waaaay better.
go toms2::He's almost like one of those guys you want to punch while he is guarding you. Pesky.
GeX.0::he picked the right time of year to find his shot
ChiBulls8908::mbiggmiike Watson hit a prayer you meant to say right? ............................ So getting separation and a good look at 3 is called a prayer now? CJ had an open look and knocked down the shot. I guess people define a prayer differently. Or I guess you just don't know what a prayer shot is because CJ's defiantly was not.
GrizzK4::Wade closed out well and made it a tough shot, but it was by no means a prayer. A prayer would be Gordon Hayward vs. Duke quality.
mbiggmiike::Open look? Really?
Rossi46Doctor::It's a good day for us Bulls fans when this garbage complaint is all you can come up with... even if it's a stretch of the imagination to even halfway believe it.
ChiBulls8908::It went in so it was a good shot. Jeeze. Why do Heat fans sound dumber and dumber everyday
mbiggmiike::My comment was you can not rely on that shot in a 7 game series, to say it was an open look and a good shot is funny.
ChiBulls8908::How do you define his shot as a prayer?!?! He got separation from his man and hit it. You sound like a bitter dbag heatle right now
Mrbiz8505::"prayer"....really?....he was 1 inch behind the line
