Im Ignorant::Westbrook needs to step up his ball control and learn some crafty go to moves to get to the basketball, because i cringe whenever i see him pull up from the elbow, and when its not falling he doesn't know anything else, other than shoot,shoot, shoot. He has all that speed and doesn't know how to use it.
4 Petes Sake::Definition of irony: A Spurs fan on an OKC board, calling OKC garbage after the Spurs just lost to THE NEW ORLEANS HORNETS.
Gareth7777777::Obviously a bit of a fluky game but still congratulations to the Wizards for a strong performance.
YearOfTheSpur::OKC is garbage on the road! They've only played 14 out of 34 games on the road. Luckily EVERY team has to play 41 games on the road. The Spurs run for #1 is just starting, and after that its the Mayor of Miami. Btw, Spurs are 4/4 when they reach finals ;)
BlakeMoneyball::Thunder is now a respectable 9-5 on the road
Chargers_4_Sale::Yawn get off our page. Worry about your team losing.
YearOfTheSpur::This proves my point. OKC is GARBAGE on the road
chrisausten1203::Though I am a KD fan and really like the OKC, but it's a big win for any team that beats the OKC. Congrats to the Wizards!
NatsFanatic80::I am a boss
IlyaKol::Looks like OKC has the same problem as the Miami. They don't get up for the really bad teams and have 'WTF?' losses.
Sonic_Sooner::Yep.  That's the problem, and it's not the first time the Thunder has done this.  They definately tend to lower their level of play, particularly when a team is without a starter or two (they stunk it up at home when Josh Smith was scratched just before a game with the Hawks).  There's also a "DC Factor" that has bit the Thunder before.  I think when KD goes back to his hometown he throws a big party for his homeboys (and girls) and teammates.  I don't think they got much sleep Sunday night and they definately looked like they were sleepwalking early in this game.  Hopefully, they'll learn from this.  These guys on the opposing teams (even the bench players) are NBA players.  Any team can beat any other team if one team doesn't come to play.
tjohnson115::BEALLLL!!!
EuropeDude1981::thunder gave away homecourt for the conference finals and finals last year through games like this. Despite their youth they are a veteran squad and should not fall into traps like these. Their record against terible teams is truly shamefull if you care to check
trademarktaz::And this is why the Thunder will never win an NBA Championship.
EuropeDude1981::Last year they lost to the all-time worst bobcats and still made the finals
nba is the worst::OKC could certainly win it, if the heat don't make the finals that is
1PKr::Ya like the Heat didn't lose to the Wizards this year
-Td4mvp3 -::dont worry okc....spurs also got humiliated by one of the sorriest teams in the NBA last night...it happens
nba is the worst::'Melo close to 1st in bricks per game, RW moving up as well:  1. Kobe 11.42 .481 FG%  2. 'Melo 11.36 .466  3. Monta 10.81, .400  4. Westbrick 10.79, .412  5. Love 10.72, .352  6. Felton 9.93, .396  7. Jennings 9.91, .400  8. Gay 9.84, .408  9. Harden 9.58, .449  10. Aldridge 9.47, .468
JLinNASA::I think the elite teams don't take the poorer record teams seriously and don't bring their effort and mental focus that night.  Results: elite team loses.  San Antonio lost to the Hornets also.
sniper13xxx::Man this team really rolls w/ Westbrick.  If he's on, hes unstoppable w/ that pull up jumper of his.  When hes not, look out.
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY::Westbrick takes too many shots lmao
nba is the worst::17 last night, below avg
CandySparker::
Lakers fan since 1980::lol
pnete::Break up the Wizards.....
K0vi::Anyone else think Beal's ceiling is a cross between Wade and Ray Allen?
jsn_trx450::Sometimes it looks like he's playing in slow motion, but really he's blowing past a defender. He always looks calm. He's the opposite of Jordan Crawford. That's his ceiling, being the opposite of Jordan Crawford.
K0vi::He has shown signs of explosiveness to the basket -- not as good as Wade, but he also incorporates a much smoother jump shot.
pnete::I think his ceiling is just above his head in the living room.
watchDreplay::When wade came in the league, he was super explosive and fast
Timmys Crossover136::So wizards beat heat in ecf then thunder in the finals i guess
Asif11111::YUP
jwbbaholic::again I will say it. trade Westbrook for Rondo straight up... Champion ship.
Aicyla22::no bc rondos better than westbrook why would they do that?
tizi6969::Well wiz won w/o there 3 best wall,nene,crawford.....   Can't wait till we can get more than 3/5 of the starting lineup healthy at the same time...
The God of Trolls Returns for the 6th Time::"We don't always win games, but when we do, we beat the best teams!" - Wizards
Liberal Feminist::I usually support Westbrook, but he has to take some responsibility for this loss.  4-17 shooting is terrible, especially when Serge is shooting the way he was last night.  Nevermind the other guy on the team.............Durant.   Way too many Offensive Rbs at the end of the game for Wizzards, but still Westbrook shooting 4-17 in such a close game is a HUGE factor.
springfresh3.1::Serge was on fire
STEVE6163656::Wizards have beaten the Heat and Thunder... now they need to focus on beating the other 27 teams
HanYolo_swag::somebody tel serg Abaka. he aint bout dis life.
Good sport333::"This game should  really establish the western conference as the dominate conf. in the NBA, cause on a night like this a eastern conference team would havwe lost to thw Wizards by 20 or more"-says most Basketball analyst other than me.  How can these teams expect to compete with a team like the Bulls that values defense every possession? SMH
sportsfan1014::wow.. Wizards game borad gets 2000+ posts, glad to see that.
mksatx::I haven't been using a betting system the last two months called .  Youved got to be sh yting me.com .nba  okc loses to bullets and spurs tank vs pelicans.  So far I've lost all my money.  Not to mention faith.  What the hey its only millionaire players and billionaire owners with 100 billion dollar contracts to televise the game.  Sweet
JLinNASA::I lost some money betting in college.  I stopped betting.
John5249::Durant &gt; Harden &gt; WestBrook&gt; IBaka
Heat_Fins_Marlins_Canes::lol I remember when OKC fans were talking trash about the Heat losing to the Wizards earlier in the season, now look what happened
kd is the real mvp35::As a thunder fan I hope we don't face the Wiz in the Finals.
showstopperinthebronx::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports ...more
blackdevilace::Hahaha Blunder beat by a 5 win team. Should never have let Harden walk.  You aren't good enough anymore outside Kentucky Fried Arena.
HawkeyeColts89::stole your Thunder
straightbuckets1017::Martin 0-6 from downtown westbrook garbage, worst team in the league beats best team in the league..priceless. if crawford was playing wash woulda won by 15 haha. Looks like you got some work to do with your squad scotty lmfao
KiD.Clutch.35::As an OKC fan, I blame nobody for trolling.  My anger stems from the fact that OKC  is such a good team and they just take nights off.  As a fan, your pride and love for the team and the game never take a night off.  OKC  deserves whatever the trolls bring.  Disgusting shame OKC.
gary8878::Getting real tired of watching OKC play down to the level of their competition.  It is ridiculous.  It shows a complete lack of competitiveness and is speaks massively to the competence of the coach and the professionalism of the players.
KiD.Clutch.35::Are you reading my mind?
MiamiMagicCity::Wizards can still make the playoffs -Wizards fan with the optimism of a Laker fan
mogomlb::Wait, the Wiz beat the Thunder?  K
-the-extra-pass-::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bfn4bkv
snoop lion dogg::first the heat and now the thunder... can't wait for the next clippers, spurs, knicks match ups... gotta be worth watching just for the potential upset factor.
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::4-17?? Skip gonna have a feast tomorrow
parafal::Westbrook for James Harden?
timmay1280::Are you kidding me???  LOL!  The Wizards beat the Thunder?  HAHAHAHAHA!  This is great!  Just laughable!  No more Thunder fans on here to read this...but still funny as Hell!!!
showstopperinthebronx::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
oriolesandbrew32::This is why I dont bet on these games,  Every crap team feels they need to prove themselves against okc, san antonio, NY, and the heat.
timmay1280::Yeah, those teams are crap too!  At times.
pokernaes::LOL WIZARDS? WHUT?
ChumRoastBeef::Wow, Wizards beat OKC. I thought December 21st passed already...
