ovechkinsgoal::the hawks seem to think they can win a title without a true center.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::the wizards also think they can win a game period. I'm inclined to give the Hawks the edge in who will accomplish their goals first.
nba is the worst::?  Who on the Hawks has mentioned "winning a title"?
LetsGoBraves2012::Chris Birdman Andersen to Hawks
Matt22GT::is anyone else really impressed with teagues assist numbers this year? he has really improved alot in being a true pg for our team
pantherfan2488::Al Horford couldn't be stopped.  Which is proof that we need to draft/sign a strong big man at PF or Center.  Defense on the wings is already good.
LetsGoBraves2012::Chris Paul and Dwight Howard to ATL next summer.  Book it.
LetsGoBraves2012::Hawks can get that 3 seed if they really want it.
thechad95::Jeffery Taylor is really starting to play well. The dude has the chance to be something special in the NBA, and nobody is talking about him for some reason.....
nba is the worst::Weird how the Bcats are getting the double-digit ft margin so far this year
phillie phanatic13::Its alright cats... We are gonna have these type of nights just need to bounce back against the lowly wizards!
Andrew4Bama4::still happy with my Bobcats. It's been great watching them win, I'd love to see them have success this season, but I also wouldn't mind another Lottery Pick.. Go CATS!
aaronsmith8818::would love it all the people in atlanta and charlotte watched this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smsGIANkDfA
Bradnava::Thankyou Hawks for making my night once again! Keep it up ATL
ToomersforeverEver::good game and another good win
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::13/17, incredible night from the floor Al
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Al Horford putting the nails on the coffin
just2940::I once scored 101 points in NBA 2K13 with my 70 overall player. I'm a scoring point guard.
just2940::Yea, I can't match that. For those who play though. Drive to the paint, do a cross over, press B (xbox) and shoot. Bad glitch, it works almost every time lol
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::I scored 138 against Faith Baptist Bible the other day and was featured on SportsCenter among other shows.
vickfan770::ho ho
PEdRO2757::Im watching a show on Animal Planet about a girl that was raised by dogs lol
PEdRO2757::the next show is about a boy raised by Monkeys which is also Byron Mullens probably
PEdRO2757::the show is called "Raised Wild" by the way
PEdRO2757::my guess is that it is Byron Mullens
InCubaWith2Pac14::damn. Lol
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::How is that possible?
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Tue, vick
PEdRO2757::dont know lol thats why im watching the show
vickfan770::Anything is possible with God
vickfan770::after all the crap te bobcats fans were talking..  thanks, we'll take the win. Goodbye
b735player::NICE!!!!
InCubaWith2Pac14::MKG dawg!!!!!
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::LOU AGAIN
DeviouStaal_::lol ohhhhhh mannn
tribeguy216::well thats all she wrote cats
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::LOU WILL
pantherfan2488::11/22 for the hawks
ToomersforeverEver::clear the bench!
PEdRO2757::A dead cow&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Byron Mullens
InCubaWith2Pac14::You really do hate him dont you? lol
PEdRO2757::yea just a little bit lol
pantherfan2488::Bobcats look SO uncomfortable on the floor.  Where is Kemba's swagger? He's been surprisingly quiet today.
xmrsmirnoff::they will start fouling for over soon its rigged in refs told me
jonty_1981::Your a fool how do u think it's rigged for the overs. Quite obviously it's rigged for unders otherwise all the players would not be missing all these wide open shots.
DeviouStaal_::lol It's been on the over the whole game.
b735player::get taylor back in
InCubaWith2Pac14::Bobcats 6-5
PEdRO2757::Now everyone knows why i hate Byron Mullens lol
xmrsmirnoff::biggest fixed game of the year
me_destruit::Fixed how? Charlotte has taken twice as many FT's, made 15 more than the Hawks...and still trail.
PEdRO2757::i blame Byron Mullens
pantherfan2488::Offense looks confused
InCubaWith2Pac14::Biyombo got Bi's on the back of his Js
dickerson1268::Looks like we are losing that battle of the elite bigs between Mullens/Horford -_-
dickerson1268::sarcasm
dickerson1268::I thought putting that face would let everyone see the sarcasm. They really need to come up with saracastic font, like squiggly letters or something.
me_destruit::Mullens is an elite big? I'm a Hawks fan, and I'd BARELY put Al in that category, and he's far better/more consistent than Byron haha.
ToomersforeverEver::mullens is not elite.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Horford is a man. Mullen's a boy.
pantherfan2488::Mullens will have everyone hating him today, and put up some ridiculous numbers tomorrow...guy is so inconsistent.
buccodude::put up huge numbers by taking 35 shots
xmrsmirnoff::here comes all the fouls refs need hit over its fixed
buccodude::can we please get mullens out of the game. guy is a miserable excuse for a basketball player
hussein623::haha lol u sed bobcats were gonna win, suck it garbage man, go hawks!
buccodude::been watching the game
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::LOL you're back
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::22 and 10 for Horford
b735player::mullens please stop shooting  -bobcat fans everywhere
aaronsmith8818::IT'S ABOUT TO BE KEMBA TIME
iwork4espnfromsandyago::90% of black people are on food stamps
InCubaWith2Pac14::Im not.
PEdRO2757::Eastern Conference standing at season end 1-Heat 2-Knicks 3-Nets 4-Pacers 5-Celtics  6-Hawks 7-Bucks 8-76ers
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::UNC and Clemson fan?
PEdRO2757::he is a freshman DT Carlos Watkins pretty cool guy played in  the Under-Armor All-American game
PEdRO2757::why did it double post? lol
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Sweet, who?
PEdRO2757::Yep
PEdRO2757::I have a friend that plays football for  Clemson thats the only reason
xmrsmirnoff::biggest fixed game of the year cant even keep  it close
AuburnandUconnFan::Someone please tell me why mullens is starting. Haywood is a better scorer, rebounder and defender
PEdRO2757::Haywood does start at Center Mullens starts at PF
AuburnandUconnFan::o ok gotcha...I guess the real question is why does Mullens get playing time in the NBA
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Plus he's black
AuburnandUconnFan::and has a headband
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Time to take it over Lou Will
iwork4espnfromsandyago::Bobcats stink and lose by 6 today
SoWhyYouMadBro::you haven't been watching the 4th quarter comebacks lol you will be a witness tonight to a Cats Comeback
iwork4espnfromsandyago::Looks like the hawks will win by 6
ToomersforeverEver::Go Hawks! One more good qrtr and we win.
