LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::.
dabulls2012::164 comments?!? Oh my! I think the Bulls game was over 5000 at halftime...of course more than half of those were from Heat trolls, but 164...isn't Houston the 4th biggest market in the US behind NY, LA and Chicago?
__InsertNameHere__::Scroll down and I wrote a similar comment
Blazelover13::Great win, Rockets. Nice to start the second half off with a win. Granted it shouldn't have been that close, but...eh, a win's a win. Great effort outta Lowry, nice playing out of Martin and Scola, and overall a solid win. Over/under the 4th seed in the West for the Rockets? The Thunder will obviously be ahead of them, but who else do you think can make it higher than them?
__InsertNameHere__::Finally some Houston brothers are here
H-TownTEX5040::Lets just make the damn playoffs first dont give a damn about seeds we just need to get in..
LeggoTexans-2012::I think we will be a 5 seed.  That is unless Morey pulls off a good trade and decides to make a run at it.  The west is WIDE open.  We beat OKC right before the break with this squad.  I think its great that these guys keep finding a way to win, but if you can add a all star and make a run at it LEGGO
Edudlufetips::clips,
Edudlufetips::spurs, mavs...
anonymous_sports_watcher__::meow
Blazelover13::KITTY! *pets*
vonsteve1668::I know the Rockets just finished the easier part of their schedule, but I'm still pleasantly surprised by where we stand at this point.
etaUpike07::especially considering they went 3-7 to start the season
peepuu::the Raptors are a total embarrassment to Canada -- Gosh, the Grizzlies would have been more successful than this bush-league franchise....is it just me, or are they getting more pathetic each year??  (they've taken over the Clippers role)
rjerden70::What's Brian Reeves doing now?
rj10328::Rockets were outscored in 3 of 4 quarters but still managed to win this game.
peepuu::yah, but they were playing the RAPTORS....lol
comedy2424::YOU GUYS HAVE TO CHECK OUT WHAT SOME OF THE HOUSTON ROCKET PLAYERS DID YESTERDAY ON THEIR DAY OFF. THIS IS FUNNY .  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZLsl4j6ZSk&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C32bd9eaUDOEgsToPDskLxFAPiQFAIOItJ--mGlis4
winfield47::whoa, so the Raptors outrebound Houston by 10, have a better FG% (by close to 10), and had only 2 more TO's than Houston, what gives? I guess Houston hit 10 more free throws than the Raptors.. Raptors need to get to the free throw line more!
JoeyDorsey4MVP::you mean suck up to the refs more?
csotelo1::Way to go Rockets!!
Seven13Hou::Good win Rockets on to Utah  ......Rockets getting things done hold up !
JoeyDorsey4MVP::exactly like the Lakers game Raptors win 3 quarters except for the first.
etaUpike07::the rockets go the FT line the second least in the league. they hardly ever get calls so stop complaining
ignasm::Good D there by Rockets; congrats for the W. Raps will bounce back next game
lsheiner15::i know jordans better than leBron but this article did a damn good job of convincing me otherwise and now i kinda think LEBRON MIGHT BE BETTER THEN JORDAN, give me ur opinion http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
somaliangangsterpuff::You must be high as Jordan will always be the best
McKenzi2801::yesssssssssssssssssssssss  i  cant belive tor coverd for me thank you tor i love you naw i like the money tor ok tho
littlebabylalash::And the end of the day, you cant beat the rockets with the refs on there side....You just cant......
secueritae::Atleast the Tank rolls on
somaliangangsterpuff::170 comments in this clutch a game?!?Lins not even playing right now!
SocalExtreme::a win?  good
etaUpike07::good job rockets. a win is a win
SocalExtreme::not watching... dont know if play has started but why don't teams ever foul and just give the 2 fts instead of allowing a shot for 3?
MadmanMark14::Die hard Rockets fans in here
inter2010clchamps::wtf caldderon inbouncing
inter2010clchamps::why isnt calderon or bayless playing. Anthony Carter is sooo $@%!
Adrianch01::Hate K-mart and Scola with a passion..
MadmanMark14::Kevin Mrtin...3 for 12.....I think he's all right but if he has any trade value SHIP IT
oscarzaragoza::I think the rockets should offer the Lakers Scola, KMart, and Johnny Flynn for Pau Gasol.
MadmanMark14::Yeah giving up Lowry would be a huge risk
oscarzaragoza::They want Lowry, but no way that's happening.  Flynn is a pg with potential and KMart and Scola add value to the trade
MadmanMark14::plus scola or martin.....I would give them Martin keep Scola Dragij and have Gasol....then we would have an international team
MadmanMark14::They only want a pg
MadmanMark14::Dude the Raptors are so bad but not anywhere as near as bad as NO or WSH
inter2010clchamps::the raptors with bargnani are a playoff team. They were going head to head with orlando and NY when bargs was healthy, and only lost to lakers, heat by only single digits.
winfield47::Umm.. maybe a playoff team. Bargs had them at around .500 and they definitely have lost a bunch of close games. They'd be competing for 8th seed if Bargs stayed healthy. Leads to optimism for next year when we get 2 top draft picks coming in (Jonas and probably a top 6 or 7 pick in this deep draft).
MadmanMark14::Respect
filteredshot::thanks for acknowledging we aren't completely horrible - Canada
JP197904::Yessssss
McKenzi2801::yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss nice cover tor
MadmanMark14::Lets go, Rockets.....Lets go Rockets.....
ignasm::One more stop Raps and then a good look
seanman728::why derozan wasnt in the game
pokernutty87::YESSS RAPTORSSSS
pokernutty87::refs ship a win and cover to houston makes me sick
oscarzaragoza::it saddens me that we (the rockets) can't take a huge lead when the refs are giving us the calls.
pokernutty87::THAT IS DEFINITION OF OFFENSIVE FOUL
JamesMurray07::WHY IN THE MOTHER $@%! ARE DEROZAN AND CALDERON BENCHED???????????????
ignasm::Come on Raps, just make that game tying basket, get over the hump!
littlebabylalash::Just like against the 76ers, the rockets get every call.......  Lets wait and see when this team goes on the road what they are going to be like...
somaliangangsterpuff::The raptors are getting every call idiot.
etaUpike07::they did pretty well last time they were on the road
McKenzi2801::please coner the 9 and half tor
