imadoo521::[b]hello[/b]
BexyIndy55::Wow..how did that prayer of a shot go in?  Lucky b-$@%!.
woodruffhunter::I am a life long Jazz fan but I'll cheer for San Antonio against any other team.  Funny how all the "other" teams get all the praise when the Spurs are having a season like they are.
grangercoco::jazz wont beat da pacers
olwildcory723::Unless you're talking about bulls or bears.
JRT3z::its "THE"
grangercoco::that was my first nba game
BexyIndy55::Do you want a cookie?
NYeltigre::where is goldengun at?? telling me Utah wouldnt be able to hold the Spurs? i said if they hold them to under 95 points they win this game. Well, obviously it wasnt under 95 but i will take holding teams to 96 all day long.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::21 rebounds! Man, TD is a living legend, glad I got to see that guy play bball!
schwanger14::Awesome game last night. Lets be honest- the Spurs are obviously the superior team, but it was fun to see the Jazz come together &amp; pull off a thriller at home.
billysouth::Maybe if the they meet in the playoffs this year they Jazz can make it a 5 or even a 6 game series, but yeah the Spurs are the standard.
joemcleod83::Not sure what the Spurs were doing down the stretch. Tim Duncan for 3 during crunch time? Stupid mistake.  That was a game Spurs normally win.
EKast2012::What was Popovich hoping to accomplish by calling out Green in public like that?  Usually his methods are more subtle.
clinty19821982::Green played very very poorly in the fourth...that was disappointing.
detus::green played horribly during most of the 4th, hes just giving green tough love after green left his man open for a wide open 3 and then the foul on a fastbreak that wasnt needed, etc etc. green picked it up toward the end but pop knows they couldve played much better, well except for tim because he was beasting all night except for the 3 ball attempt
Whittinghamscalves::Lowbrow if you ask me.  Actually, I thought Green played some pretty good D.  He didn't let him run the pick and roll and he contested a deep 3.  Pop is a bit of a $@%!$@.
jchilton@genesmart.com::TimmyD's resume would suggest he is the greatest player of his generation and not Kobe. Duncan has more league MVPs, Finals MVPs and his team has never missed the playoffs. Duncan is a way better defensive player for his position. Kobe may have one more ring but he has only been the best player on his team for two of those rings. Plus Duncan has never lost in the Finals. Kobe has lost twice. Duncan's quiet demeanor may cost him the recognition he truly deserves. Thoughts?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Your post is truth. Tim Duncan &gt; Kobe, absolutely.
joemcleod83::Agreed.. Just think if TImmy came straight out high school how ridicolous his stats would be, although I'm glad he stayed in school.
Whittinghamscalves::Would the Spurs have tanked that year as well to pick him up?
EKast2012::Duncan would've been the top pick in the 1996 draft over Iverson if he had entered.
brave081559::Agree completely.  He is the consummate teammate too.  Not concerned at all about getting his stats and being seen on Sportscenter.  A coach's dream.
DalvinSplit::Just bump  on the road to NBA 2013 Championship ! We play well to win ,but couple BIG mental misstakes by D. Green cost us this win. When return Capt.Jack &amp; Leonard  we will be tim to beat  By all means GO Spurs GO
andrewstreeter54::There was nothing lucky about that 3. It didn't rim-in or bounce off the backboard or anything - it was a pure swish that Mo was clealry confident in. Plus, the Jazz were on an 11-3 run before he hit that shot. They would have had all the momentum going into OT.
detus::it was a lucky clutch 3, mo was having an off night and managed to get it off over green. huge boost for his confidence though
brave081559::True.  27 assists and 14 turnovers for the Jazz.  That will work.  And one huge offensive board from Millsap and a very lucky three by Mo.  If that shot doesn't go and the Jazz lose in OT, Corbin and Williams would be getting heat for a terrible last play.
brave081559::The only way to beat the Spurs is to push the ball and run the floor.  Surprisingly the Jazz were able to do that effectively last night.  Miami and NYC can do that too.  The problem for everyone else is that playoff basketball is usually a half-court game.  No one beats the Spurs at that.
Whittinghamscalves::The Jazz have been pushing and running the floor for most of the year.  They did it really well last night but that has been their focus this year.
designtoad::The season is coming together for the Jazz. Hopefully, they will continue to learn how to work together. Love Milsap's play--very consistent.
Coho08::Looks like Pop needs to sit his starters again, they looked a little tired at the end
Chizzle45::One shot didn't decide the game. You act like the Jazz started playing the last minute of the game and they go lucky. Not very smart
DalvinSplit::Not really  ......... just lucky wery lucky shot by Jazz on the end !
big daddie skeets::Jazz- 2013 NBA CHAMPIONS!!! BRING ON THE CONFETTI!11
mccoy3181::Utah can have that one win but they will never beat the Spurs in a seven game series.  Utah will still lose in the first round and choke like they always do.
DalvinSplit::You got to keep in your mind D.Green is still very yung player ( 24 ) and his best is to come .Against atletic front court of Jazz  we miss  Capt. jack and Leonard !!
DalvinSplit::Agree ..........couple big miss takes by Danny Green cost us this game  !
olwildcory723::Haha I like how Spurs fans (and coach) throw Danny Green under the bus. he had a great game, really. Mo hit a tough contested three over Green. It happens. Mo looked like the quickest guy on the court last night too. What do YOU think might have happened had Green taken that step closer?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Danny Green seems to play poorly in big games or close games.  That's not good when he should be the starting SG as Ginobili gets older.
designtoad::Or... the Spurs will lose to Denver before they have to play the Jazz.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Why be a bitter hater?  It was one game and Utah outplayed San Antonio.  Let it go.
Damasta959::well it is the truth...
mkwan0::Spurs did not play well, and Utah was impressive.  Haywood throuwing daggers all night.  Good win for Jazz, probably good for Spurs to be a little exposed.
olwildcory723::It's Hayward, not Haywood. I know, its subtle.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I completely agree on both points.  The Jazz have a very good front court.  Hopefully Al Jefferson will resign with them this offseason.
minifarmgirl12::i bet that goldengun is sucking on momma's milk right now, talks so much $@%!$ before the game, typical idiot spurs bandwagoneer
big daddie skeets::yeah spurs have lots of bandwagoners....moron LOL
minifarmgirl12::minifarmgirl12 107-99 JAZZ 1 fan likes this. December 12 2012, 2:26 PM Goldengun3865 The Utah Clueless December 12 2012, 2:27 PM minifarmgirl12 we'll talk about it after the game you hapless momma's boy 2 fans like this.
The Thunder City::Lol @ the Spurs.
jr6288::Lol @ the Thunder for trading Harden...no way they win a championship this year.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Why laugh at a team with the 2nd best record in the league, the longest playoff streak in the league, the longest 50-win season streak in the league by over 10 years and 4 rings in the last 15 years?  And Utah is a pretty good team.
Asif11111::Mo Williams is becoming a complete point guard
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::That 3 was clutch!
Asif11111::definitely was
army of bono::Do the Jazz rain down streamers after every home win?  Found that strange as hell in the highlights.
its_complicated::Yes, and it's awesome.  Every team should celebrate their wins.....there is a reason the Jazz have the best home crowd and the hardest arena to play in the NBA.
olwildcory723::Actually yes. The Janitors hate it.
Darkflame07::Yes they have done it since the Stockton and Malone days
2noodlekaboodle::yes, yes they do.
Crimson_Utes::J...A...Z...Z.... JAZZ....JAZZ...JAZZ !
nimble1771::Is Timmy D a beast or what?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::A beast that's getting older and slower every year but he's still a top 10 front court player in the league.
bluekaze21::real champions care about their team much more than chasing stats or getting on highlight reels.   Tim Duncan is the most accomplished player of his generation playing the way basketball is supposed to be played =  as a team.
roll_n_riot::All these fuking Faker loser fans on here trying to talk $@%! about a team that ALWAYS has a top record in the league Compared to a team that just BUYS titles and scams trades BUT are now the most embarrassing "superteam" in history.  Oh yea and idiots that won't put any blame of Kobe when 80% of the problem is him. But Kobe does call them "Dumb idiot Laker Fans"
roll_n_riot::FUUUUCCKKKKK  weren't the Spurs leading by 10 half way through the 4th???????
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Up 8 with just over 4 minutes left. 93-85
AustinBeal::that was after boris hit a 3, then about 15 seconds later the Jazz got a 3 from hayward
julian1975::Hell of a game
julian1975::Hell of a game
Megatroll.::Gordon Hayward is a special talent
olwildcory723::He brings his game defensively too. Did you see that recovery block on Gary Neal on what looked like a breakaway dunk? Yeah he's done that before too: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx87atIFbKI (vs Celtics) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYZGwljsIbg (v CP3) and of course last night vs Spurs: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T68HR372Bk
NashvilleBulldog28::Last night's version was what I loved about him at Butler.  A bit inconsistent this season but he generally is good for at least 12 points and some solid contributions in other less flashy areas.  What a bonus for the Jazz to have someone like him as a bench player.
Jim Buss Decisions::C's board erbbody
theheebs::i love that tim duncan had 22 points 21 boards and 6 blocks and he is still talking about things he didn't do right to win this game.  More stars need his mentality.  Dude is a gentleman
erik2806::Best player of his era...period.
The_Reasonable_Guy_Is_AFK::I'm truly gonna miss him when he retires. Class act. Love his game and glad he's still playing.
KnixTape24::True class player thats for sure
Jail Blazer::Kobe is a fat dick sucker who sits in his momma's basement and eats hot dogs all day
Chizzle45::I don't see why people hate greatness in america so much unless its on their own team. Met Kobe at the mall before Lakers at Jazz a few years back in the playoffs. Way down to earth awesome guy.  I am a Jazz fan through and through
phanmchau::errr...are you talking about yourself
KnixTape24::That dick happens to be Phil Jackson's too
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Not even trying...lol
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Who remembers Doug Cristie's wife beating up rick fox
Jail Blazer::lol yup
Megatroll.::I know this is crazy...but Lakers win tonight
KnixTape24::Meanwhile, Kobe gives Dantoni "the look" and as soon as he came to LA he left
bladreq::Dwight leading the team with 3 assists is recipe for success.
KnixTape24::Nope. Kobe scores 40. Rest of team shoots under 40% and they lose.
bladreq::I wish the team I rooted for stunk so bad that I had to troll other teams' forums. GO SPURS!
gfugi1111::Night fellas and remember who yo daddy is...Lakers...that;'s right
ghengis_conway::hi, guiz...even tho the spurs lost, timothy duncan had a monster game.
jamal -crawfor-666::memphis losing ,heat losing,mavs losing=fun night 4 the clippers
jamal -crawfor-666::who  remembers  when  mike  bibby  use  to  ball  lights  out  in  sacramento? and   now he  won't  do  squad
Minnysota Vikings::I remember those days. I loved those old Kings teams.
jamal -crawfor-666::those  days ,sacramento,the  blazers ,and  the  jazz  were  good  teams
Megatroll.::@Minnysota Vikings Kobe didnt go to college...But he's making more than ur entire family
KnixTape24::Lol dude we get that but ya still included Kobe in the joke. My natural instinct at this point is to defend Kobe even as a Knicks fan
Minnysota Vikings::Once again, it was a joke on Lakers fans, not Kobe.
gfugi1111::only around 22 mil a year...not to shabby
gfugi1111::or it could buy Nick Saben one years worth of football players
SuperCMB2011::dude 22 mil could buy the whole big 12 conference's football players new cars and tattoos..
Megatroll.::Watch this NBA video pls. U will laugh ur $@% off.PROMISE http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=uchTolOSMNM
gfugi1111::My wife left me before Viagra came out...life sucks  -Parker
bladreq::Pretty sure Parker has had a hotter wife than anyone trolling this forum could ever hope to have.
gfugi1111::errrrr. biggest wh-ore is more like it
Minnysota Vikings::What does Kobe Bryant and Lakers fans have in common?  --Neither of them went to college.
wasatchstallion::What do you call a bunch of millionaires sitting around watching the NBA playoffs?  The Lakers
KnixTape24::Kobe doesn't need an education. Guy's set for life. He deserves it.
Minnysota Vikings::It was a joke on Lakers fans more than Kobe.
bladreq::They're rapists?
gfugi1111::Kobe went to one of the best private schools in europe lol
olwildcory723::I thought he was set to go to the one in Charlotte and then demanded a trade to an LA school?
SuperCMB2011::I thought he went to one in philly?
I3UTTON::lol cool story. high school educations only get you so far.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::West come playoff time  1.Spurs 2.Thunder 3.Clippers 4.Grizz 5.Lakers 6.Jazz 7.Mavs 8.Warriors
wasatchstallion::fakers wont even make the playoffs
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::These rankings are scheduled to channge each week.lol
Minnysota Vikings::No Twolves? They're 10-9 despite a ton of injuries.
I3UTTON::It will be interesting to see how the Wolves play with Rubio. I hear he's coming back for the game against my Mavs.
SuperCMB2011::The west is way too deep and tough for the t'wolves. I think they'll be legit competitors for that 8th seed though.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::No way they stay this bad.
bladreq::Lakers can't even beat the Kings or Cavs. They'll be begging for that 8th seed come March.
slam_dunk_on_u::lol AND ALWAYS CHOKING IN THE PLAYOFFS...TYPICAL SPURTS
I3UTTON::Lakers = first round exit. Memphis in 5.
mikeisildur::The Lakers at 5?  Seriously?
gfugi1111::its legit
jamal -crawfor-666::lamar odom laughs at the lakers
SuperCMB2011::I think he was being generous
bladreq::At least someone in the West can give the Spurs some competition. Guess I'll just mark my calendar for the next Clips or Jazz game.
minky420::mark it!!!!!!!!!!!
gfugi1111::Spurs will flip flop from last year go on a 18-20 game losing streak
jamal -crawfor-666::who's  more  made  out  of  glass &gt;  d-rose or bogut?
Megatroll.::Bogut for sure
jamal -crawfor-666::i thought so,they kind of go at it though
slam_dunk_on_u::spurt FANS WILL BE mia VERY SOON AS SOON AS THE LOSSES START PILING UP....
roll_n_riot::GO back to your league embarrassment Fakers
AustinBeal::oh my god WHO THE HELL CARES!
whoseyourdaddy60::good thing the losses wont start piling up, j-ackass.
SuperCMB2011::no one cares
Jail Blazer::slam_dunk_on_u is to comedy what Hitler is to Jews
howdythere...::only less funny
jamal -crawfor-666::fun  fact: $ mo  williams  is  more  clutch  than  le-one james
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Wow. LOL
I3UTTON::Mo's back is tired from carrying Lebron all those years on the Cavs
gfugi1111::LOL makes too much sense
Megatroll.::lolololol u funny bro
jamal -crawfor-666::so  is  anderson  varejao
