Don Layton::This Blazer team may be the most fun team in the NBA I've watched in years. Fan or not, you have to appreciate.
Louis James Flores::They are playing great basketball but still don't make headlines over teams that are bad but have "Superstars".
Don Layton::Louis James Flores Pure basketball is still its own headline. I couldn't care less what some "expert" thinks. These guys are unselfish and very talented. Their play speaks for itself.
Sean Blaser::This team plays so unselfish with all them shooters how can you not play unselfish?
Patrick Foote::Funny how Batum talked about how he should be an All Star and is the 2nd best SF in the West when  Parsons > Batum
Teresa McGarr::Based on 1 half of Basketball? Batum comes close to a triple double on a regular basis. Get real
Meron Foto::No he is not. Batum passes better, defend better and can score when he needs too.   Please. Thanks for the laugh.
Cordell Ingram::You're not serious are you? Because no one that's not a Houston fan would agree with that at all.... Batum is a walking triple double... Let me know when Parsons gets triple doubles, oh wait..... he doesn't.
Figaro Tsai::I can't wait to see J Lin and Asik to be traded for Rondo in the near future. With Mchale as head coach, Rockets is destined to have no competitiveness in the playoffs. Rockets expect to play like Spurs. However, without excellent head coach like Popovich, how can they become next Spurs? At present, Rockets have good lineups but own bad and biased head coach. Rockets boss doesn't waste time expecting Mchale. Many coaches can perform better than Mchale even if he is an outstanding player many years ago. A good player doesn't mean he is a good coach.
Tik Ng::WHAT DO YOU KNOW YOU MUST BE NET FAN OLD TIMER
Patrick Foote::asik and lin for rondo? lol you must be trippin
Ryan Dougherty::According to your logic, no team can win UNLESS Popovich is their head coach... GTFO
Jeremy Bloom::These Blazers remind me of the Suns who had 60-win seasons and flopped in the playoffs because of their failure to defend. Great regular season team.
Teresa McGarr::Didn't they go to the Finals though?
Cordell Ingram::Teresa McGarr No they didn't but they also had mike danphony as a coach.
Lavender West::Teresa McGarr Nope, made it to the WCF twice
Randy Courtney::Well that was easy. Just because you have the best record, doesn't mean you have the best team.
Selmer Anaphalactic::the same can be said for Houston. I seem to recall a 19 point half a week ago.
Kyle Nelson::And don't forget  a 15 point Rockets win on Nov. 5th
Karl Krause::Kyle Nelson Exactly. We own the blazers.
Matt McCafferty::A Blazer game on TV??? I was starting to think they only had professional sports on the EAST COAST!  Go Zers!
David Aulds::What a difference having Beverly back makes!!!
Shanny Salcedo::Everyone knows that the Houston Rockets can't outshoot the Blazers in a playoff series....The Blazers are just having an off-night today while the Rockets are just having one of those days
Lee Moore::Rockets about to be up 2-1 on them.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Wnen you don't play decent defense anyone can knock you off. Miami is finding that out right now.
Sammy Bissett::2-1 is kind of a big deal....Portland ran into a ticked off team tonight.
Tim Gourley::Like this if you think Vlad looks like a vampire (not that there is anything wrong with that).
Tim Gourley::Repeat after me:  Portland 3, State of Texas 0  meow!!!
Will Schmitz::i like the meow  at the end
Tim Gourley::Will Schmitz Thanks, Will.  Most people don't.  You should see the comments I get!
Marco Hinojosa::Rockets give Blazers a beat down....
Meron Foto::No foul? No goaltending??   Refs---- nothing?
Lee Moore::Looked clean in slowmo
Michael Winter::Lee Moore the block yes the foul no
Meron Foto::Lee Moore  There was def contact.
David Morant::Parsons thus far ...  26-8-7  Batum ... 6-3-7
Cordell Ingram::Whats your point? Has parsons ever had a triple double?
David Morant::My point is that your boy has been massively outplayed tonight ... I'll take Parsons over him any day of the week ...  Why such a hard on for Batum?   He's a fairly decent player ... but not the super stud you seem to think he is.
Leland Wong::Trailblazers will win, they have a better coach than the Rox.
Matt Johnson::Plus a way way better team and more talent the Rockets as well.
Tik Ng::it's gonna be closer than you think you are right we have bad coaching he just cruses he don't have killer instinct he must keep starters in and defeat teams don't bring stinking bench lose blaZERS GET RID OF KEVIN MCHALE
Eric Heller::Matt Johnson Better coach yes, better talent?  Might want to look at the overall rosters again.  Remember:  Talent scoring does not equal wins.  Have to have talent on both  sides, which the Rockets do.
Sammy Bissett::Still waiting on that collapse
Tik Ng::bring JL back in or we will lose
Tik Ng::kevin mchale sucks
Ryan Dougherty::Rockets 2, Blazers 1
David Chen::Get ready for another game of watching the Rox waste their talents away with no organized plays, no directions, no purpose.  Just 5 players out there each trying to play individual ball.  They want to get Rondo?  Another selfish player?  Don't let his high assist average fool you, the Celts let him touch the ball ALL THE TIME.  Fat chance with the Rox.  Rondo will be another hero-ball player next to Harden, should be fun watching TWO hero-ball ballhogs, that sure is the answer to the Rox's championship contentions....
Patrick Foote::the rox champ contentions for this year and beyond revolve on savvy moves to get rid of unneeded players like jeremy lin and ronnie brewer.
Cordell Ingram::No Blazer fan nor Blazer player/coach is worried about losing this game right now lol... City of Houston should look forward to the upcoming NFL draft.
Lee Moore::Of course they don't, I mean it's not like you don't have any other team in your Division breathing down your neck.... I'd act like this game wouldn't matter if I was getting railed too.
Meron Foto::Lee Moore  Actually we do---- Heard of OKC?????   But hey..... they are playing 3 games in 4 nights. Bound to happen.
Lee Moore::Guess you didn't catch that sarcasm...
Tim Gourley::Honestly, I didn't think it was possible to whine more than Spurs fans.  I guess i was wrong.  Want some cheese with that whine, Rockets fans???
Ayn Bland::Spurts fans are big whiners..  Now I'm not a fan of either team and I saw the officiating bias coming into the second half.
Nat Johnson::Ayn Bland I saw the Rockets start bricking more buckets coming into the second half.
Eric Heller::Not Really!  We won, you lost, no whining here.
Bredy Charles::We seen this show before with the Rockets and big leads. Rocket fans hold onto your seats because at any point another drought may occur.
Tim Gourley::Blazers can play defense when they want to.  Usually this doesn't come until fourth quarter when they want to put the game away.  Just.  You.  Watch.
Ayn Bland::They're the 20th best defense in the league.
Ayn Bland::Maybe they should be playing some D right now?
Meron Foto::Ayn Bland  At least they aren't dead last.
Ayn Bland::Blazers getting absolutely PWNED and I doubt they have the defensive fortitude to hold the Rockets to 19pts in the 2nd half.
Tim Gourley::Last time I checked...when you hit the shooter's arm, it's a foul.  For chrissakes, the Rockets whine as much as the Spurs.  Sad.
Sammy Bissett::Right as Lillard cries to the ref about running over D-MO
