Supa T::I think Mchale saw Lin getting torched on the high pick against him. funny thing though is when Brooks was getting the same high screen he got beat sometimes but the other guy came out and disrupted the pic whereas when Lin was out there he got no help at all on the high pic. Strange.  As for game I think Mchale thought the ball was flowing a bit better without Lin out there. Lin made a couple of bad plays but I guess when you don't believe in someone you wind up second guessing yourself often.
Michael::Another efficient game for JR Smith (3-13) from the field. He's shooting 35% for the season. Eek!!!
Nozidwerd::Honestly, it would really make a lot of difference if Harden plays like this consistently. But he's been hot/cold these past few games. We'll see.
Chia X::Harden reminds me of a better JR Smith. When OKC played the Heat in the finals a few years back, Harden sucks. Durant and Westbrook was locked down and they needed a third guy to score, Harden was 5 - 5484546 shots... or something like that. Except now in Houston, he gets 5 - 45645454 shots but get like 2485754574 free throws. Im sure feel sorry for Lin for having to deal with two guys who is stinking him up (melo and harden). Hope he gets to the lakers in a few years and team up with Pau Gasol. Now that's gonna be awesome! With Kobe gone, and no Harden, it's a bunch of role players who wants to win.
Robert::Why in the world would the Clippers want Anthony for Griffin? Only makes sense in NY.
TheBigB0ss::Houston is fortunate tonight to be bailed out by a poorly managed NY Knick Team. Its sad to see how much NY has fallen since last season.  Having a player like JR Smith get tipped the ball with 22 seconds left is just horrible clock awareness by an NBA player.   With that being said.  The turning point tonight was Mchale FINALLY switching harden OFF iman shumpert who lit him up again tonight 7-10 before going 1-4 when a combination of parsons and francisco garcia guarding Shumpert.  The moron mchale also thought having Brooks come in to help spark the offense was the key.....well mchale's moronic coaching kept a 10-21 team close to the end. Harden turns it over again with a 2 point lead (lucky for him, it was a jump ball).  Ties the game.  Tonight, to summarize, Houston was the beneficiary of a last place team playing like one with the final 20 seconds left. Instead of calling a TO after getting a rebound and holding for the last shot, JR smith shoots it with 17 seconds left with the shot clock turned off.  JR smith...is not a rookie lol.  Anyway, why did mchale take 4 qtrs to realize the match up problem? Why bench lin when it was iman shumpert torching harden the 1st qtrs? brooks was 1-8 and 1-6 starting the 4th qtr.  The +/- still favored lin among starters.  (Scratching Head at Mchale's decision making"
Tony::I almost feel sorry for Knicks fans, then I remember New York has the Yankees, so they have had their fair share of championships. If Carmelo was truly as good as people believe him to be, then the club would play as a team and he would lead. He is a scorer, nothing more, certainly not worth max contract.
TheBigB0ss::Mchale decides to bench Lin in the 4th qtr for brooks who is shooting 1-8.   Lin had shut down Beno Udrinh until brooks came in.  The problem with houston for the 1st 3 qtrs had nothing to do with offense. It was the poor defense of Harden on Iman Shumpert and Melo having hot hands.  It took mchale the final minute of the 3rd qtr to take harden off of shumpert but that also equated into lin;s benching. Can a houston fan explain the logic to me? I really would like to hear an objective point of view.
Robert Brigham::until harden stops controling the ball, with the same plays ever time. it doesnt matter if lin or who ever is on the floor. super stars get touch fouls and even with lins popularity he gets beat to death.  its hard to stand and wait for harden to give you the ball with 2 seconds left .you need to control harden touchs and make him play defence . not gonna happen under mchale.  and yes i am a rocket fan all the way.    let lin go  and get one more super star ball hog and no defence  sound right.   just saying
frank::Why the hell is Lin - who is actually one of the better 4th quarter scorer - sitting the entire fourth on the bench? Mean while Brooks plays more garbage defense on Udrich...
