BigBadLakers420::I have always watched the Clippers since the Brand , Odom and Miles were playing. I'm a Laker fan first but I cheer for all LA teams. When Blake arrived I was like hell yes this guy is a beast! So I went out and bought season tix for my girl and I. I have been a holder for 3 years now and I'm just hoping Paul stays! I doubt Paul leaves though becuase the roster on that Clipper squad is crazy good. It's a win wim for LA because its going to be the Lakers or the Clippers in the nba finals representing LA. I'm a two team fan but if I had to choose it would be the Lakers. But I love my Clippers! Go Clippers!
kmarsh6969::Watch carefully people, when the Clips become suddenly the most popular team in the NBA come playoff time it will be the best case example of Bandwagon fans. Literally nobody likes(d) the Clippers except for those born into a Clipper household or those who simply dont wish to follow the mainstream Lakers.
BarrelRider04::Yep, you're definitely B U T hurt!
TylerAllen86LA::CP3 = MVP !
jloutletdeals99::Great job clips! Keep it going
HeatFan85::Shot out to the Clippers and the Knicks! It's been a LONG time coming.......
TylerAllen86LA::Its going to be an amazing finals match-up!
devenking::I love Lakers fans that tie their self worth to a basketball team.
lazoodo::Clipper haters...it's time to start dusting off your crow recipes.
elibird54321::A broken clock is correct twice a day, that doesn't make it Big Ben!. Nice start to a season for a change, but you got a long way to go.  <b><i>Lakers Nation - 16 Championships Strong - 16 Championships Proud</i></b> <i>Lakers Fan Since 1968</i> Magic, Kobe, Kareem, West, Shaq &lt;-- In this order for now. Kobe is closing in on the #1 Lakers spot.
BarrelRider04::It is so ironic you reference a broken record. You couldn't be more contradictory you donkey.
TylerAllen86LA::You are out of your mind! You put kobe ahead of kareem...slap yourself! Magic, Kareem, Shaq, west, kobe
Ustna9::History=old news
littlejerryseinfeld120::A nice little run 30 games in and Clipper fans think they're going to win the chip. Hilarious! That alone speaks volumes about what their fan base has had to endure. Donald Sterling and his Clippers always find a way to blow it. Always.
BigBadLakers420::With Paul the floor general and Blake the beast , the Clippers will do some.damage!
daldevs::You're probably right. Totally looking like the Clippers are about to crumble.
LA_PIMP23::*************LAKER FANS********************** GET OVER IT, YOU TEAM SUCKS THIS YEAR...IT'S CLIPPER NATION THIS YEAR SO QUIT HATING AND STICK TO YOUR BANWAGON FANS WHO NO NOTHING ABOUT THE LAKERS OR THERE PAST PLAYERS......THEY STILL THINK KOBE IS THE BEST LAKER EVER...PLEASE!! ANY TRU LAKE FAN KNOWS IN JERRY WEST AND MAGIC ...THAT'S THE LIST!
kobepac24::Lol turn off the caps and calm down. Its Dec not may or june. Nothing is lost or won in the first two months. I know the Clips haven't been here before. But that shouldn't stop them or their fans to act like it.
kobepac24::No disrespect to the Clippers or their true fans who stuck by them during the non playoff years. But before last season you couldn't find a clipper fan. Now their coming out the wood work. I just hope that those who claim clipper remain clipper win or lose. Weather CP3 stays or not. I've been a laker fan since the late 70's. Thur the highs of the 80's the lows of the 90's and back up thru the 2000. Lakers are always. Committed to putting a winning product on the court year in and out. It may not always workout the way we want it too. Like the start of this season. But I still like the pieces we have and believe they'll get things right. Here's to the Clippers and their fans and a commitment to a lifetime of loyalty.
LA_PIMP23::All I know is that the clipper are better this year. not last 20 yrs, so where ever this roller caoster ends, it will be great.......dont worry laker fan, you will have next year....if d12 stays
kobepac24::@seskatchewan: You guessed wrong LA native born and raised. But why does that matter? The point is I support the Lakers good or bad win or lose. No bandwagon here buddy. If I were wouldn't I be claiming Clipper isn't that the more fashionable pick?
LA_PIMP23::Since 1988....freaking danny manning years!
Cleveland75::don't you mean the Benoit years? - LOL.  I sat in that crappy Sports Arena and watched a lot of bad Clipper teams (Quentin Dailey, Joe Wolf, Ken Bannister, etc.)  and had a ball.  We had some great fans around us and had a ball.
Seskatchewan::Where do you live? Im guessing not LA... or California....
TylerAllen86LA::I do Live in LA! For 5 years now! I have been attending clippers games ever since! Though before moving i was a clipper fan...originally just not be a laker fan. It was one of those not jumping of the bandwagon things!
dannycraq::been a fan since 92. Lakers fans are bipolar.
clipper42420::Since 01! Go Clips
Jon Bon Jovi 66::The CLippers are definetly an exciting team but I do not have them past Memphis yet. I still think that for the West, it goes: 1-OKC 2-Memphis 3-Clippers
BarrelRider04::How do you not have them past Memphis yet when they beat them last year in the playoffs (albeit very close) AND beat them this year already and have better record and have beaten better teams??????
TylerAllen86LA::We Clippers fans....call this Logic!
razoryanks25::the clippers bandwagon is sure filling up now.
devenking::Just like the Lakers bandwagon over the past several decades.
dudewhereismycar-best-movie-ever::" If only Stern would've vetoed my trade to the Lakers, I'd be a Clipper right now."                   ~ Dwight Howard
Seskatchewan::im sure the clippers dont want/need howard
BarrelRider04::It's just amazing to watch this Clipper team and see the chemistry and unselfishness night in and night out. They have really meshed in such a short time together. Everyone knows their role and they have a blast cheering for each other and supporting each other. And the starters who have been sitting in the 4th while the bench just torches people....NO THIS IS NOT YOU'RE MOTHER'S CLIPPERS!
Delusional Lakers Fan::Prediction:  Lakers will have <b>BETTER</b> record than the Clippers.
dannycraq::yea this whole post just threw me off.
delusional-faker-fans::your being sarcastic  right?
trueclipsfan7::ya he is, look at his screen name, ironically the same as yours
chris-paul -the -truth::all laker  fans are  becoming  clipper fans  or  doing this  watch  this  clip carefullyhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=138187276334811&amp;set=vb.531718256840081&amp;type=2&amp;theater
HipNip2009::"Can I still get front row seats??  What if I trade my Faker tickets in??"  --Jack Nicholson
HipNip2009::Who'd have thunk it, the Fakers are now the second class team in LA.....
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao!!!la clippers 13 straight wins destroying teams....la fakers 3 straight wins only winning by a few points!!! Funny how in just 1 year the clippers are now the best team in la by miles!!!
necks_itsk::Well, Lakers are playing pretty bad, and they are winning(4 winning streak). I can only imagine how they would do once they get it together. I'm a Clippers fan, and I'm super excited Clippers are winning like this. It's about damn time we have something to cheer about.
tyler4bu::winning? only laker fans are dumb enough to consider beating the worst team in the league by one point at home come from behind as "winning".
Ustna9::DJ&gt;Benoit Benjamin&gt;Stanley Roberts&gt;Stojko Vrankovic   Agreed?  Actually, maybe DJ 3rd. Benoit than Stanley than DJ...
LA_PIMP23::DONT FORGET CLOSS
ron4317::Go Clippers!  - Lakers fans
Mr. Nut Job::The Clippers are playing rough overpowering these lesser teams... usually this is done by younger players... hope they can fail then pick it up again later.
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::i was always a clipper fan  - former laker fan
Dubberhm::Too bad the west is pretty much loaded with great teams. While in the east, you can't barely find a championship contender other than the Knicks or the Heat. I am hoping that Rose will revive the Bulls and the Nets can pull their act together to up the east competition. I am loving this year season and whoever wins the crown I have no complaint. I just hope its the Clippers...
HipNip2009::I have news for you......the Knicks are NOT championship calibre.
Steve91406::Clipper fans shouldn't complain about haters, because there aren't that many, if you want to see haters, go to the Lakers board then you will never complain again.
dannycraq::Uh all the people that are hating here, are in fact laker fans.
TylerAllen86LA::Difference is... CP3 is a prime example of how to play the game... Not caring about just yourself...it being about the team! To bad kobe can't act that way! Maybe thats why everyone loves the down spiral so much! In his endless chase of jordan...throwing teammates / staff under the bus... It his most important 2 years of his career (the possible jordan passing years) Everything falls apart on him.... most would say serves him right!
Theironrod2012::I'm pretty sure jamal Crawford could lead the league in scoring to if he ever got lebron treatment in his career and averaged 40 minutes a game. The NBA places faction into reality. Iverson lead the league in scoring because he never left the game. Lebron makes the nba look like trash and a joke. When is he getting in a dunk contest? lol never, if the NBA/stern wanted to, jamal crawford could be lebron and lebron could be jamal crawford. For example, James Harden is now Kevin Martin. They changed minutes now Harden averages 40 minutes and about the same many points as Martin did and Martin average the same minutes and points as Harden
Ohyeah379::You sound like an idiot.  Crawford did start and played a lot of minutes and wasn't nearly effective.  There's a reason he is a sixth man, he comes in with energy and dominates the 2nd unit of other teams or when the starters are winded.  You lost all credibility when you said Crawford could be Lebron and who the h ell cares about a dunk contest fool that ish isn't winning rings
chris-paul -the -truth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItaDWfOifXY
AustinBeal::I'll admit that the Spurs got their teeth kicked in a couple times by the Clippers already this season, but this is the least impressive 13 game winning streak in the history of the NBA. Their last 10 opponents have a combined winning percentage of .388. The only "good" teams that the Clips have played during this streak are the Jazz in a 1 point win at home and a 5 point win in Chicago, the rest are scrubs.  I'm not downing on the Clippers right now, any team on a winning streak this long should be congratulated, but I'm just trying to say that we should temper our look on this streak because they won games that they were supposed to win against underachieving teams. The Clips have a stretch of 8 games coming up that will be a lot tougher than the teams they've been playing. Lets see how they handle that before we go hailing them as the best in the West.
Pau Gasol.::Their SOS is superior to the lone team looking above them (OKC), they have beaten teams like the Heat, Spurs (twice), Memphis, Atl, etc, won on the road against superior home teams like Utah, and of course have beaten teams they are "supposed" to beat during this streak.   While their SOS isn't high in this streak, it's proven that this is the NBA and any team can beat another on a given night. Chicago has beaten playoff teams like the Knicks just as the Suns have against Memphis, yet the Clippers keep annihilating these teams like bowling pins during their win streak. I am sorry if this is unimpressive to you, but when this win streak ends they will still be regarded as one of the best in West this year.
Pau Gasol.::Should have assumed as such given your avatar photo.   Clippers can only beat who they are scheduled against (though they have managed to thrash the Spurs pretty well this year), but as you obviously know win streaks are meaningless come playoff time. The Clippers at this point are shooting for postseason success rather than being happy for regular season wins. See the Spurs in the playoffs, the West will be fun to watch this year with a TOUGH foursome of OKC, Spurs, Clips, Memphis
AustinBeal::I did not say it was unimpressive, i said it was the least impressive, which still means i'm impressed, just not as impressed as other win streaks like the Spurs winning 20 in a row last year, including 10 playoff games.
buckshotz17::Clipper Nation, please stop comparing this team to the Lakers!!! They're a better team and we shouldn't even include them into any conversation. Why give even give them the satisfaction? We're better than that!!
TylerAllen86LA::We all know this! Do you live in LA? Do you know what its been like being a clipper fan here for the past...forever! This year not only are the clippers having there cake and eating it too....they are throwing the leftovers at the lakers!
mugupo::If Lakers wanna top Clipper, kobe need to shoot 50% less.
gerald_5::clips might never lose again
LoveForSportsAllDay::Talk about putting the horse before the carriage LOL
chris-paul -the -truth::relax lol
gerald_5::im joking of course
kobepac24::Clips still streaking and showing they are forreal. Not a fan but I've gained a bit more respect for their front office and the team they put together. For me its always laker over clippers even if the clips win the ship. But they will have earned my full respect as an organization if they do so.
TylerAllen86LA::Most people over 35 share your same opinion! As a Los Angeles resident in his 20s (26) I can tell you thats not the case the younger you go! I was actually outside a high school the other day (friends younger bro)... saw clippers all over the place... (zero lakers gear) The Lakers will always be a force in the NBA But its really turning into a new / old school thing here in LA!
elibird54321::Yeah, kids are trendy, so what else is new
jdmcneel1967::I have followed this bet system named sportsbettingstar a few months now. I've made anywhere between 2-3k a month average since I started. You will find the system on the 1st page of google by searching for basketball betting systems. If you bet on sports you have to see this system in action.
GASC72::shaddup fool
GASC72::big problem today is that all these supposed clipper fans are talking all this trash specifically about the lakers and they arent really clipper fans.  they are more laker haters than anything.  the real clipp fans are sitting back and relaxing....getting satisfaction from just seeing whats going on with the team and enjoying it.  loud mouth 'fans" talking fresh and dont even know who keith closs or mo taylor is
TylerAllen86LA::As a 5 year clipper fan living in los angeles. Let me tell you as an avid...bar goer...sitting with friends that are all older and all lakers fans. It got so OLD...for years...Tyler your team is a joke! They Suck! Your so stupid for liking the clippers! Blake Griffin won't develop into anything! They will never get anyone great! Finally! Not only were they were all wrong! The Clippers are having there best year ever while the lakers are having there worst! Its almost like KARMA or something! So yes i'm a clipper fan who goes out of his way to pay back all the $@%! talk i've taken over then last 5 years!  Just like many clippers fans who have had no chance to sit there as all there friends (lakers fans) talk trash your our faces... not being able to have anything to say back! Times has changed... &amp; $@%! i'ma talking!
buckshotz17::You mean like half the lakers fans right? Lol every team has their bandwagon jumpers but the lakers are about as bad as any. I heard enough lakers fans talkin' about as much trash as any other fan. I've heard all the talk about how I'm cheering for the long LA team. I've been a Clippers fan for years and now that my squad has finally turned things around i think i have a right to dish sh*t right back at everyone that got on my case. I could care less if they're Lakers fans or not.
GASC72::i know there are legit people out there.  sucks to have a very vocal group of fools representing to a certain extent, the clipper fans.  just as every team has. just like the lakers fans.  the loudmouth idiots are who  we see and hear but there a huge group of legit fans that get a bad rap because of them
GASC72::haha!
LobCityCP32BG32::man...you're ignorant for assuming that...there are people who knows who pooh richardson and loy vaught are
chris-paul -the -truth::the suns blow though,all that smack,and getting booed in there own arena ,that just sux lol
thejunkinmytrunk::Just saying, no team in the last 20 years, who has ended the season with a point differential of of +9.0 or more has not won the championship. 7 teams have ended the season with such a point differential and every single one of them won. The clippers are sitting at 9.6.
Chester0128::The numbers will tell yo all....The Clippers don't  just win the games but the just smoked their opponents....(14 of the Clippers' 21 wins have come by 10 points or more) that is most of their starters were pulled of the 4th quarter or not even in the games in the hole 4 quarter.......and we should note that ...their bench has not blown up any games yet but bail out the starters....So we can tell how balance is the Clips team,,,,,I didn't mean that they will win it all ...but NBA team should be aware of them @@@
Pau Gasol.::Clippers need to enjoy this now, because they have a brutal schedule coming up. After New Years (partying) they go at Denver and at GS on a back to back. Tough.
rogerzcard::GS is no joke...playoff bound thats for sure
TexasLonghorns247::lol
KevinOllieSaves::"we've won as many in a row as the lakers all season"
chris-paul -the -truth::lol
TexasLonghorns247::lol
The_Reasonable_Guy_Is_AFK::lol
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::lol
TexasLonghorns247::lol
TexasLonghorns247:::)
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::lol
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::Merry Christmas Suns Fans HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
TexasLonghorns247::lol
LobCityCP32BG32::clips still undefeated in december
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::lol
Qzhoopin20::Seems that Clipper fans can't enjoy their winning streak &amp; success and GREAT play without bringing up the Lakers!! Come on Clips fans, stop looking over your shoulders....just try to enjoy it without measuring your success against what the Lakers are doing!!
GASC72::seems that every year lakers talk so much trash to a wack @ clippers team that hasnt won jack crap.  little brother this and the lakers jv team that.....  now the clippers are better than the lakers and yall cant take 3 months of trash talking going your way?  come on son, ur better than that
TylerAllen86LA::Agreed! Though its been a Lot! Its like 10 years of trash talk repaid in 3 months...  &amp; more to come!
vegaskid2006::lakers have 13 wins on the season--Clippers have won 13 in row---hahaha hows it feel laker fans?
GASC72::yeah ur a realist with all that, but with that last sentence u are also an elitist
Qzhoopin20::Im a Laker fan, but also a realist. It's good to see the Clips getting some shine finally. The Lakers don't have anything to apologize about. Nobody is a title contender EVERY year. If anybody knows that, it's the Clippers!
TylerAllen86LA::Yea but everybody has not served as a city B squad being told every year you will never be better! Never has 2 teams shared the same stadium! Never has the B squad had the best year in the past 20 years and the A team have the worst! The fact that they are happening on the same year is very special! For NBA history! CP3...being told no to the lakers...going to the clippers instead and then taking the city.... is very special! This is more than just a rivalry that has flipped!
LobCityCP32BG32::be careful man...you might start hearing about how the won three years ago
LobCityCP32BG32::laker fans think that the lakers will always be the lakers as if they're the only team in the history of sports that never has to rebuild....I mean....you can't be that spoiled can you?...bulls had to rebuild after jordan...rockets after olajuwon...lakers after magic...celtics after bird....i mean....lakers will have to be bad to be good again...it happens to everybody....get over it
TylerAllen86LA::But for them to go down in a downward spiral manner and for the nobody team across the hall come up out of nowhere like a rocket!  Its a very special thing happening! As a clipper fan in LA....its almost magical!
highyiz1::clippers are officially better than the lakers
LobCityCP32BG32::opening day...I thought the clips were much more balanced...and better
ZoomOnDatYamaha::wtf you just got the memo?
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::There are only a hand full of teams that its Larry O trophy or bust.Spurs,Lakers,Heat,OKC then then you have teams like Clippers,Grizz,Knicks,Bulls, that would be happy just to make it to the finals.The other teams left would just be happy winning a playoff series.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::i dont think anyone thinks spurs or lakers have a shot. Clips, heat, okc going to battle it out. Clips are playing so good i think everyone know they are eyeing a championship. Lakers just making the playoffs is the reality. Spurs are a rerun. win win win lose in the playoffs. I think that is the consensus. grizz and knicks are fading back to reality and the bulls are a average team
highyiz1::lakers are nowhere close to a championship team, haha comical
TylerAllen86LA::Lakers are not even a playoff team!
Chester0128::My gut feeling tell me when Detroit Pistons team ran by Chauncey beat the heavy favor Lakers team with full of HOF players then.....I think the Clips can beat any team too...
LobCityCP32BG32::and they have been
bwp2bruce::I know it may sound blashemous to some, but if the Clippers make it out of the West with the number one seed, the NBA will have no choice but to relinquish the coach of the year award to Vinny Del Negro.
GASC72::i really hope its not a case of being lucky with the moves VDN is making
LobCityCP32BG32::he does deserve it though....clippers playing exceptional defense
