David Morant::I've been a Rocket fan since the days of John Newlin, Calvin and Rudy T ... PRE-Moses ... and I have to say to my fellow Rockets fans ...  Relax ... It's ONE game and we're 15-8 ...   Do you guys really have SO little faith that this one loss rattles you so much?   Geez! You're just making us look bad. Suck it up ... there are 59 regular season games to go. We'll be fine. It's only ONE game.  Once again ... Congrats to Portland. You guys deserved the win tonight. We'll get you next time! ;)
Don Layton::This is a great post by a fan of a very good team who happened to lose tonight. Whiners, take note. This is how it should be done with class.
John Martin::Don Layton Nice post but hardly realistic. Rockets are at best the 4-5ht best team in the West.
David Morant::John Martin ... Oh wow ... Considering I said 3rd or 4th ... I'm WAAAAAY off from what you think eh John?  ;)  A whole slot.
Jon Stockwell::Why do people always blame the refs when their team is losing? Could it be that Portland is actually the better team?
Debra Williams::Try earning while working from your home using your computer... Only basic internet knowledge needed and fast internet connection... Earn $3000 a week... Sign up here >    WWW.SNAP11.COM
Sameer Tendolkar::Watch out for the blazers. They are for real this year, this isn't a mirage.   Coming from a lakers fan.
Charley Doherty::Lamarcus Aldridge is a savage
David Kim::Definitely the MVP candiate.
Dave Joacksom::Houston we have a problem.The fans can not handle a loss so they must blame the refs..Blazers are for real mofos....
Patrick Smith::Why people complaining about Houston not getting calls?  Harden is always flopping his way to the line.
David Aulds::Dude we got screwed for calls tonight and you know it.
Don Layton::David Aulds Nah, you're just too blind to see the truth. You got beat by a better team tonight. Keep up the whining though.
Patrick Foote::David Aulds keep embarrassing us rockets fans, bro. take the loss and move on, portland is deadly at home
Steven Anacker::Rockets are my team. But the whining I'm seeing here from a couple of Rockets fans about the refs is lame. Give credit where it's due. GG, Portland.
Andrew Lipham::im not a rockets fan but the refs do play a huge role in who wins some of these nba games.  cant deny that.
Luke McCoy::You sir, are a typical whiner. There are many times where refs help teams win ...and can help that same team lose the very next game. A call or two doesn't make that much of a difference. How about look at the defense, rebounding, steals, turnovers, blocks, shooting percentage, free throws, the list goes on and on. Refs are far less of a concern than making a few extra plays to help win a game. STOP WHINING!
Bbears Eighteight::Luke McCoy There isn't much in Steven Anacker's post that is remotely close to whining. Care to elaborate? On the other hand, your post is a rant about refs, which helps solidify his point. I'll give him credit--he's targeting people like you.
Trevor Scott Alexander::Huge win for the Blazers tonight. LA another monster game.  MVP MVP MVP MVP
Joseph Rampone::BEST IN THE WEST! The refs are finally realizing that James Harden is floppier than a wet noodle and adjusting their calls accordingly.
Meron Foto::Finally...... dude is always looking for flop his way to the FT line. Pathetic!!
True Cutter::well he learned from westbrook
Danny Taylor-Homfeld::.... and you're allegedly a "sports analyst"?!?!?  What a joke.  Rules is rules, don't belittle Harden's game because your boys have undisciplined defense . . . get your footwork right, you don't have to worry about flops.
Jon Stockwell::Solid win for Portland.
Matt Dysarz::solid win for the refs
Dave Joacksom::Portland sinks another team over 500 ...refs missed so many fouls that Rockets made and blazers still whooped up on them
Matt Dysarz::Dave Joacksom lol, whatever lies get ya through the day I guess..  You should try to seek the truth in the future.
Ravi Mahalingam::Lots of whining on this board from Rockets fans.  I don't think the officiating was bad. Houston lost this game because Portland made a commitment to keeping Houston off the FT line and to guard the 3 pt shot.
Seth Johnson::Officiating was actually quite good. A few bad calls here and there for both teams, but thats gonna happen. The 2 teams just where playing great, Blazers just played better
Ryan Westberg::Portland, is one of the BEST in the NBA at not fouling they go straight up on many plays like that and there were a few that I thought were a bit ticky tacky that went Houstons way. I realize the other end gave the Blazers some ticky tack stuff also but really missed calls on both sides standard NBA game here. No way in hell were the Blazers heavily favored in officiating tonight...
James Martin::Let us get something straight. Lin may be listed as a point guard, but the truth is, he's a scoring guard by nature. That's why he plays better off the bench, without Harden on the floor where he can be the driving slasher. Especially since neither is a superior ball handler.
Elijah Rochford::Yes that's true and if you look around the league most if the PGs today are the same way
Matt Micros::James. I agree 100%. He is better with the second unit. At the same time, I don't think he gets the respect he deserves. Over the past two years, it's not a coincidence that the Rockets have a better win percentage when Harden is out, compared to when he plays (small sample size I know).  When Harden is on, he's exceptional. But when he isn't, he's like Melo with the Knicks. A ball stopper. Lin, on the other hand, although weak defensively, has the ability to make others better. He did it with the Knicks when Melo and Stat were out, and he's done it with the Rockets. I'd like to see him on a good "team" rather than the new NBA model of 2-3 superstars who take 70% of the teams shots.
Jonathan Pollard::"*&%%$ing refs!"  - the fans of the losing team.  always.
Matt Dysarz::more so  for this game than any other
Adam Pilarski::Every game
Luke McCoy::WOW, all I see you doing in your dozens of posts is WHINING like a little puss. Man up and stop complaining about fouls. There was only a difference of 3 fouls in the entire game. Check the box score dummy.
Quintus Greene::Ok, that was Bev's third or fourth 3-foot floater airball. Is he really immune to criticism?
Ravi Mahalingam::Nice energy guy but not a NBA starting PG.
Melissa Singh::He really shouldn't be getting 30+ minutes, they need to put Lin back in he cant score when needed
Adam Youman::i gotta say hes got some really good d. rockets kinda need that
Murphy Wolford::Lin is playing people big game for him just watch
Matthan Schrock::Check out what LA has done against the BEST teams in the NBA: (points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks) HOU - 31 25 (on 12 of 22) 2 2 2 SAN - 24 7 (on 11 of 17) 4 1 2 OKC - 33 11 (on 15 of 26) 0 0 2 IND - 28 10 (on 11 of 19) 3 1 1 GSW - 30 21 (on 7 of 21) 3 2 3   LaMarcus is averaging 29.2 points and 14.8 rebounds in wins over top teams! Including TWO 30/20 games. That is insane!! MVP MVP MVP MVP!!  Blazers now have wins against Spurs, OKC, Pacers, HOU, GSW and Bulls w/Rose. No other team touts that many quality wins. Not even close actually.
Jeremy Schulte::Maybe he should beat the suns few more times thats going to be a thorn inthere side come playoff time if suns keep this up. They are there kryponite .
Matthan Schrock::Jeremy Schulte Already beat them. 2-1 will be 2-2 by end of season.
Adam Sowa::I wouldn't be pinping the chicago win as "with rose".  Chicago was up big when Rose got hurt.
Dick Sherm::IF the blazers finish top 3 in the west, Lamarcus Aldridge has to be the MVP.
Naib Lis::this game is gonna be super high scoring....I would say HOU 113 - POR 108.
Joshua Burns::I like that score except the Blazers have the 113 ;)
Susan Dizon::I think if Houston is to win this season, they need to use JLin - otherwise they should trade him. He's always sitting on the bench like a school child being scolded for doing nothing wrong.
Jorge Delsol::You were pretty close but sadly we lost the game. =(
Eric Witt::This is a tough matchup for the Blazers, hopefully round two goes Portland's way though! Go Blazers!
Leland Wong::DW12 is really the anchor on defense and you know what you going to get out pf him--nothing but excellence and consistency, he is averaging 17.5 points a game, 13 rebs  and 2.2 blocks per game. Everyone is playing defense and bought into it, I even saw JH playing defense the last few games and believe me it is making a ton of difference. JL need to let his knees healed better, he is going to play great defense too, the man is just too smart not to play defense, he needs good knees to play defense.
Bo Sun::PB needs to carry the wait if he is in the starting line up. All I see from him is a player that is wired up running around. This is team sports not chicken chase.
Brady Simon::Lillard went 1-10 today. He is on the floor for defense and that's what he provided. Obviously you think the only important part of the game is offense which it clearly isn't as great defensive teams win championships.
Brett Skinner::Interesting to watch Rockets with two amazing defenders in Howard and Beverly and then two offensive gunners with Harden and Linn that from a lazy fan perspective seem way more into running around on offense.  Harden I'm sure is fun to have on your team but is one of those people I'd hate playing pick up against because he spends so much of his time attempting to draw fouls instead of finishing.  That being said he is still amazing finisher but as a person who admires a great defender he gets so many stupid trips to the line on well defended plays.
Trevor Scott Alexander::This will be a very good game. It will go down to the wire on the big screen. This is Blazers first nationally televised game this season, excluding NBA TV. The Rockets match up very well against the Blazers, and always give us a hard time. The Blazers are the team to beat so far, they have beaten all the good ones except Miami (Haven't played them yet.) I'm expecting Harden to get his and more; He will drop 35 on us. Howard will have a 20 15 game, but I think Brooks and Parsons will be interesting to see how they will do.  All in all, The Blazers are playing awesome team ball with arguably the best chemistry in the league so they will get revenge on Houston at home, 111-107  RipCIty!
Jeremy Gingrich::they also haven't beat Houston so far because Houston beat them on Portland's home court earlier this season. Portland is definitely good, but don't say they've beaten all the good teams when they've already lost to the team they're about to play
Trevor Scott Alexander::Jeremy Gingrich You're right, I was going off the top of my head. The Rockets and the Mavs have both beaten us, two very good teams. The Rockets victory at the Moda Center was a huge game for them. The Blazers will be looking for vengeance with only two losses on their home floor!  Can't wait for this game, it will be fun to see Jones, a P-town native
Jeremy Gingrich::Trevor Scott Alexander Yep it will be a good game. Not often we get to see the league's top offenses go head to head
Jorge Zepeda::The rockets will win if Chandler Parsons can rack up 15 points and contain the perimeter on defense. Harden will get his. Howard anchor the paint and harden needs to stay disciplined on defense. If the rox do that then its a win.
Leland Wong::Totally agreed, if Harden plays defense we win. CP25 will do his job as always, very solid player. JL will be ready to play tomorrow.
Jeremy Gingrich::The Rockets defense has gotten so much better since last season. Last year they were 28th in points allowed and this year they are 20th. Not bad considering they are leading the NBA this season in points scored and rebounds
Leland Wong::Thanks mainly to DW12, it will get even better,,players are starting to buy into playing defense now.
Goerge Hyde::Points defense is meaningless with the Rockets offensive game.  Check field goal defense for a better indicator of where they are.
Leland Wong::Goerge Hyde DW12 has definitel;y solidify the defense. I don't know why Omar Asik was so upset, he was getting a lot of important and substantial playing time.
Justin Porter::Howard fighting his own teammates for rebounds lol
