G::Larry Bird must be a genius outside of his basketball I.Q.
bgood2life::Mr. Versatile Lance Stephenson, detoured to another avenue to display his importance to the Pacers team. All he did today, was to play his usual defense on his counterpart and become the team's player maker with a team high 8 assists. If Lance maintains his consistency,you could be looking at 3 pacers on the 2014 All Star team. Joining Paul George and Roy Hibbert. Currently, their coach will coached the team.
Eli::The Cavs should regret letting Byron Scott go. We are back to terrible choices on player lineups and a stagnant offense with Mike Brown back. I get tired of our team playing this backyard ball. I agree Brown needs fired again, cut Bynum, and trade Waiters for a small forward or a larger shooting guard.
Sebastian Headcase::This Indiana team is the only damn team in this sissy league that actually has a bunch of men on it. These guys are tough and they play like they could all fight a damn lion! Men, not boys like a lot of these other sissies.
Taylor M::It still boggles my mind that Mike Brown doesn't go to a Irving-Jack lineup regularly. Waiters is an undersized, inefficient 2-guard that should not sniff 35 minutes unless he is on fire. Jack's talent is being wasted under the incapable Mike Brown. Brown is a terrible game manager and clueless offensive coach.
Naturally Tanned Man::lmfao andrew bynum is the smartest player ever. dude cashed in on millions from Philly now he is likely to collect from Cleveland if he hasnt already and whoever is stupid enough to pick him up.   Can't blame him though. teams keep taking chances on his overrated trash basketball "game"
Maralan::Happy New Year Pacer Nation...GO PACERS!!! Happy New Year Heat fans & All
Guest::Damn, Granger is going to make this team even more frightening.
derek b::If Stevenson plays smart, and Granger becomes that boost off the bench. I can't imagine anyone beating the Pacers.
Travis J::Look who's got the best record in the league yet again
