William Cutting::Jordan Hill is the hardest worker the Lakers have had in a very long time
Scott Baker::ESPN sure is slow with their boxscore and gamecast tonight.
Dave Grady::Whst's the score.. Last score was 48-48..
Joe Bobber::62-58 pistons
Scott Baker::This just in.......ESPN hires OBAMACARE web designers.
Michael Maiorano::LAKERS BABY!!!!!
Rob Soldo::ESPN are doing well again
Marc Pascal::Catch up ESPN
Prince Donald::smh espn is stuck. fuggin dumb this game is in the 3rd maybe even 4th
Edgy Gonzalez::mine too :(
Anne Arocknrollr::go to nba.com
Prince Donald::Anne Arocknrollr i saw but its also effing up my fantasy points by not giving them to me smh espn!!!!!!
Louis Sammartino::None of these stats are showing up in my fantasy
Albert Owusu-Konadu::Hill is here to stay. dude is for real!
William Cutting::As I said, Lakers by 18
Mike Williams::pistons win
Scott Baker::And now don't you feel a fool?
Tomas Rainbolt::Finally D'Antoni has figured out that Hill has to be a starter on this team. I know it's not his first start, but these efforts have to solidify him as a starter without any shadow of a doubt. With the Mamba the Lakers could easily be 8-4 right now and when he gets back hopefully these guys are still playing with a lot of confidence.
Eric Bell::Jennings with 23 points? Cool!  Jennings 8-22 FG...wow.
Johnny M. Reid Jr.::That's the first thing I noticed is that BJ took 22 shots and only made 8... we will suck as long as he keeps taking fall-away 3 pointers smh
Eric Bell::Johnny M. Reid Jr. He gets props for having 14 assists to go with 22 shots taken, meaning he got to the ball very often with his quick hands and feet, but shooting just above .333 is unacceptable. Would have liked to see him pass to Smith or Monroe a little more often, instead of gung-ho it.
Marco Wan::espn gave me the fantasy points for the halftime as the final.. and now its stuck..
Ronnie Duke::56-52 Detroit. espn is running about 30 min behind
CalebnSierra Williams::you got the assist for steve blake and josh smith?
Ethan Snyder::Hey ESPN its not the second quarter still...
Eric Bell::DRUMMOND!
Corey D Richardson::sucks
Eric Bell::Corey D Richardson Averaging a double-double in points and rebounds is a pretty good way of not sucking too bad, wouldn't you say? After he gets more experience and gets worked with, he'll be even better.
Kobe Vino::i'll be back.
Steve Carroll::take your time...
Angel Brent Rhodes::Is this You Kobe?!
Patrick Mandell::LA by 15
Keith Bowers::And the ridiculous attention to people with zero defensive skills continues...Jennings allowed Blake 4 steals along with 16 assists?!?! Siva might not score 23, but he sure as hell won't allow someone else to score, steal, and drop a bunch of dimes either.
Ryan Dougherty::All this means is that he's likely to have a 20-10 preformance once every 5-10 games. He's improved, but only enough to start on a mediocre team. On a good team, he'd still be a second teamer.
Ryan Dougherty::He was always a rotation caliber player in my opinion, but one 20-10 game doesn't suddenly make him into a GREAT player. Honestly he is a nice guy to have on your bench but I doubt he will ever be much more than that.
Mike Dixon::Actually, he's had two 20-10 (and one 18-10)performances in his 4 starts....  ...don't know if it makes him "GREAT", but it certainly earns him more PT.
Chase Sutherland::since becoming a starter hes averaging 19 and 12 at 30 mpg.  thats solid ball.  it takes the stress off gasol and kaman needing to perform at levels they can no longer meet.
Robert Wang::Jennings trying to pad his stats with all meaningless shots. This guy is horrible in the past and now. Team will lose anyway no matter he score 20, 30 pts with low percentage shooting.
Jake Gibbs::Padding his stats????  Your lame. 14 assists.
Allen Greene::8 Of 22 from the field isn't good though.
Pete Beamer::Jake Gibbs   You're.
James Cass::I'm amazed at how bad the Pistons are. In the early and mid-aughts Joe Dumars could do no wrong. Ever since they traded for Iverson, Dumars' teams can do no right.
Peter Birnbaum::Tough to watch these Lakers with Pau playing mediocre.  He's been ho hum this season, but did anyone check his brother's scorecard from today's game?
Ronnie Duke::almost had a td. 19, 8 and 8
Tony Ellis::The Lakers' two best healthy players right now are Steve Blake and Jordan Hill...Pau and Jodie Meeks are tied for third. And yet, the Lakers aren't even that bad.
