Fastfox1306::The lakers almost lost a game they were supposed to win and the jazz almost won a game they were supposed to lose.   If you were playing for your playoff lives which last 3 game-set would you rather have?   Min-Min-Memphis   OR   GS-HOU-San Antonio   I have the jazz making the playoffs and losing 4-2 in the first round regardless if it is OKC or SA.
ThunderHornz::Good luck Jazz and speedy recovery to Kanter!
ran122005::it is all irrelevant....the thunder have zero chance to beat the heat and less than a 50% chance of advancing past the second round....
crikket44::If Wade isn't healthy, there is a chance, albeit small.
Uncle__Si::The Thunder should take it easy.  Playing the Rockets 1st round is much better than playing the Lakers. (No matter how bad they've been, the thought of that talent having a few good games is scarier than anything the Rockets can do.)  The only way they don't get home court advantage in the WCF is if the Spurs make it that far, which IMO doesn't seem likely. Spurs are known for getting high seeds and losing early, lately.
Notta Lespn1::i like the type of basketball the jazz represent regardless of the outcome.  shout out to Sloan a chicago baller
Notta Lespn1::durant played his supporting role to westbrook and thunder win! thats team basketball
cameron.clark71502::jazz wont make the playoffs this year.
KiD.Clutch.35::Imagine how far we could go with a really good coach??
KiD.Clutch.35::Peoples hate for Russ really lies in the fact he is SO DAMN GOOD.  Thats the truth.  Im just happy he is playing in my city.  Fu*k all haters and eat SH*T.
KiD.Clutch.35::How is it Westbrooks fault when Russ passes it to KD to shoot, they double KD, then KD assists and passes it to a guy who has a better shot??  People are blaming Russ for KD looking to facilitate.  Stupid.  Stupid.  Stupid.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::extactly and I'm not even a OKC fan but I'm getting sick of it..I clearly watched durant continue to pass the ball to westbrook all night..even towards the end of the 4th quarter when the shot clock was running down instead of shooting the ball durant passed it to kevin martin in the corner which caused a shot clock violation..it isn't westbrooks fault if durant refuses to shoot the ball.
phanmchau::You can have number 1 seed Thunder.  I feel more comfortable seeing the spurs playing Houston in the first round. Lakers are scary with Kobe/Howard/Gasol playing well.
mark35345::Gasol hasn't scared anyone since 2010.
Lqlbron::They beat the Hornets.....   they are 13-27 against Playoff teams
Lqlbron::The Fix is in....    Last four games. Free Throws    Jazz	 vs other team  14	18  7	18  11	20  18	32      Lakers vs other team  22	17  30	21  18	7  33	12
raggy8292::And most of them are intentional fouls on dwight
raggy8292::22-18 in the hornets game. not much of a difference
oSuCowpokeAdam::If anyone hear actually watched the game you'd have saw that Durant was being a facilitator and had 9 Asts.  He had open shots he passed up for better shots.  Also a lot of his FGA's were FT's that don't count to total.
mhsillen@hotmail.com::westbrook 21 shots Durant 10, unless it's due to durants foul shots what is up with westbrooks shot total?
Sonic_Sooner::THUNDER 90 JAZZ 80
Qzhoopin20::What people just won't admit is that Westbrook is a damn superstar in his own right!! Face it folks...this guy has improved EACH YEAR he's been in the league. Yeah he still shoots too much at times, but OKC would be NOWHERE without his chaotic style of play....and his FG% basically means  he's shooting about 9 for 20 to Durant's 10 for 20 over the long run. Is that really a big deal?? Plus they're 57-21!!!!!!!!
Spielzeit::You know you have a problem when your best player and shooter has half the shots of the distant 2nd. smh
Sonic_Sooner::And yet somehow the Thunder BEAT the Jazz in their building....  SMH.
Alfie217::Durant isn't even trying to reclaim the scoring title.  He lost it for good.  He needs like a 40 point game now and needs Melo to have a 20 point game to catch up.  He's about 20 points behind now.
jaer04::Yeay the Thunder won good
theheebs::even though they won, there is a problem when KD is taking the third most shots on your team.  westbrook needs to stop having terribly inefficient games like this.  8-14 from Serge is pretty sweet though.
Strike 1 yer OUT::even tho they won, i still want to complain blah blah blah
KINGV808::Spurs will take anyone, jazz, lakers, even the mavs. Spurs all the way
Mr. E. Guy::Its ok Jazz, Lakers got spurs rockets and warriors in 3 of their last 4 so its pretty much in the bag for you
Kay4rL::not if media or 'the Man' have anything to do with it...go Utah, beat Lakers
alandavalos562::Lol u dont know that basketballs game, can be very unpredictable.
2ez4mez::lol jazz wont make playoffs lol
adrudi775::7 for 25 from behind the arc not going to cut it for the Jazz if they attempt that many from downtown they should be making 10+  I do like the defensive efforts the past 2 games vs. legit P/O teams, but the low FT attempts is not a good sign offensively.
DP46561::Let's be honest. Everyone expected the Lakers to win and the Jazz to lose this game. I still like the Jazz' chances to make the playoffs because of the tiebreaker and remaining schedules
Fastfox1306::Yep..everyone seems to forget that.
torrtis::OKC vs Lakers first round? That would be interesting, but most likely a sweep.
Sports-Talk-Now-::no time for jokes
2PantherMed::I want to preface this by telling all that my favorite NBA players are KD and Russ.  Can't decide between them so its both.  I know I'll ruffle feathers by saying this....but Russ might be a better all around player than KD.  Love Westbrook....
DCJohnsonHBG08::I've been saying this since last year. He makes some dumb $@% decisions, but his skill set allows him to do waay more for a team than KD does. Most athletic and strongest PG in the league, best rebounding PG in the league. plays some of the most agressive D, and is successful most of the time, excellent passer when he is looking to pass, KD is really just a scorer who is getting better on D
R Barron::That was an absolute mess of a game. Poor coaching just MIGHT have something to do with it.
Kobe 11-33 Story::Yeah he's not the greatest coach
Kobelies247::God jazz you really suck.
No-account drifter::OKC shoots under 40% and goes to the line fewer than 20 times? Gotta win that game. Pretty sure the Lakers would have.
NYeltigre::Jazz shot just as bad and went to the line MUCH less than OKC. I dont think they even attempted a FT in the first half.
Kobe 11-33 Story::They played OKC haha
Kobe 11-33 Story::OKC is fighting for home court
Kobelies247::The point is to keep the Lakers out of the playoffs and they cant even do that right
Kobelies247::nice FAIL jazZ!  Losers
Carbon-based::Rockets have the 6 seed
Carbon-based::Let go t wolves
cooltapes777::Jazz, take care of business and #8 is yours
TheMustardsOffTheHotDog::Exactly....stupid comment.  Lakers control their destiny.
Kobe 11-33 Story::Not if Lakers win the last 4
torrtis::Looking at the remaining schedule, Thunder gonna overtake the Spurs.
cooltapes777::jazz gonna overtake lakers
LakersDodgers09::LAKERS WIN!!!!!!!!!!! Utah FAIL!!!!!!!!!!!!  Great night
FadeBackShootAirBall4::lol your forgetting theirs 4 more games to be played right portland golden state spurs houston  bye bye lakers
Koballhog::KD don't care about the scoring title... and Melo knows that its all he can win this year.
dwightmare 2 the sequel::Jazz = FAILURE
LA_Fan_4_Life::I am absolutely terrified about tomorrow night. Rose Garden is always hell for the Lakers as it is. But, add in that the Blazers are eliminated from the playoffs, and tomorrow's game is the de facto championship game for Blazers fans tomorrow. If we play like we did tonight, the roof will fall in on us by half time in Portland.
dwightgooden85::Portland is tanking for more ping pong balls. Lakers should win if they come out focused , But knowing the Lakers they will come out playing too cool for school and it will be a tight game.
- Td4mvp3 ---::You would think that the Jazz would have summoned the will to win this game trying to fight for their playoff lives....damnit utah
rbmw263::Turns out we just arent very good. Damn Golden State win gave me a false sense of confidence
scow79::You could say that is the story of this Jazz season.
LifeInInfrared::Wow, great game by Durant. Much respect to him for his performance.
Legit_Troller::Yea he is way better then Lebron
savelando::trolling needs work
Boomtown405::He knows
..South..Central..Los..Angeles..::altho embarrassing cuz were the LAKERS,(the most historic, traditional, greatest franchise in sports) and we shouldn't be scoreboard watching cuz of who we are, THANK YOU SEATTLE SUPERSONICS    -LAKERS FANS
Not Chris Moses::Yankee’s  Celtics Canadians Steelers All better than the Lakers
Legit_Troller::IDK about you guys but I think I feel like trolling those dumba,ss Miami Heat "fans" see ya
rbmw263::Cmon Pelicans!!
Ross983::OKC would have a change in the Finals if they primarily moved KD to PF, Ibaka to C, and Sefalosha to SF. as is, they will get killed or not make it
deuce_4::Your out of control...  You don't change your lineup 2 weeks before the playoffs.  Okc plays tough defense and Perkins is a part of that.  Okc was a missed call from possibly winning the finals last year (lebrons push on Durants last second shot that would have won the game). As a result, Instead of going to Miami with a 2-0 lead, it was 1-1 and the heat had all the momentum with a chance to close out at home.
DCJohnsonHBG08::I'm an OKC fan, but how do you figure a corrected missed call would have won us 4 more games?? and Ross is right, Perkins should only play against the Lakers, against Miami we need to run the small lineup, so he's not trying to chase battier around the perimeter like he was last year...
rbmw263::well sh.it
Jacks_Link::Good game bro.
rbmw263::GG
rbmw263::that was ugly basketball
Beanslams46::it was a beautiful game, lol
free derrick favors::OKC is just too good. I hope we can get the next two vs minn and keep the Fakers out
rslgiant::Do what?  Win a ring?  Seriously, don't do that.  You look extra silly when you make preposterous statements like that.
NO-TIME-FOR-JOKES-::Fakers hahah win a ring b itch
Beanslams46::Lakers just might do that.
free derrick favors::How is that poking fun? You want a tissue bud?
Beanslams46::no, my point is you probably do. This fight for an 8th spot is normal for the Spazz, not the Lakers.
Beanslams46::You poke fun at the Lakers who have won half of the last 4 nba championships. What does that say about your team?
savelando::yeah man, and do you know how many championships the lakers have won in the 70s and 80s? i mean, thats got to count for something, right?  right?  oh. guess not.
nathanltaylor::I never really had much of a problem with jazz, but damn their local commentators are by far the worst in the league.  Dudes just don't know basketball and that one guy is dumber than f.uck
JazzOwnNBA::Oklahoma City makes Salt Lake look like New York. Trust me, I have been to that flat waste of American space numerous times.
nathanltaylor::OKC announcers pretty bad to, but atleast they have some idea about basketball.
scow79::Funny.   I thought the same thing about the OKC announcers while listening to them.
NO-TIME-FOR-JOKES-::Shut up jazz fun
rslgiant::Dude, Jazz announcers are among the best in the league.  Nathan just stop.  You do injustice to Nathans everywhere.
JazzOwnNBA::Oklahoma City Thunder...thats original. And the logo? Well, lets just say Ive seen better things leave the rectums of your so called 'females' you have living down on dem farms down der.
rslgiant::No kid.  My name is Nathan.  I've been living in Utah and play with many Jazz band musicians.  Clearly you have no clue except what you hear from bad sources.
nathanltaylor::says the guy who has no idea what hes talking about.  You probably live in Utah where they dont allow music. HAHAH Utah JAZZ. worst name in league to.
JazzOwnNBA::Sorry, but if Bolerjack sucks so bad, why does CBS employee him to do national games as well? If you want horrible commentators look at the Suns, not the Jazz.
rslgiant::I've noticed you like to call people names while forgetting to provide any evidence of what you are talking about.  Rather sophomoric.
nathanltaylor::Since when does work for CBS mean you are any good at anything. Plus he does football. Keyword FOOTball. Other guys just plain r.e.ta.rded
NO-TIME-FOR-JOKES-::What a joke SN
nathanltaylor::what the ones that speak in spanish. Oh wait they all speak spanish for the fat mexican fan base.
- Td4mvp3 ---::yea the Spurs announcers are the best
NO-TIME-FOR-JOKES-::XD
- Td4mvp3 ---::You would think that the Jazz would have summoned the will to win this game trying to fight for their playoff lives....damnit utah
Beanslams46::It's funny the spurs are so disappointed the jazz lost.
- Td4mvp3 ---::really Utah???
Beanslams46::you can run timmy, but you can't hide.
- Td4mvp3 ---::We're waitin for ya baby
blaqthor::Should of let them win for the greater good.
deuce_4::You don't lose on purpose. Okc isn't scared of LA.  You play the game to WIN
Beanslams46::Without the Lakers in the playoffs, there is no greater good in the nba.
Jacks_Link::Hope you Jazz fans are in the playoffs. Good game today guys.
- Td4mvp3 ---::darn
Maschil::LOOKS like durant wont be winning the scoring title
savelando::still some games left.
deuce_4::Who cares?
