DWoe23::i was noticing last night that the Pacers were playing there starters alot longer than usual. This observation leads me to believe that the Pacers will play there bench extensively tonight. Tyler didnt play that much and i can see him and Ian playing alot of minutes vs the 76ers.
DWoe23::the Pacers outside shooting is really saving them right now. Teams are attempting to shutdown our big men, but our big men are some of the best big men passers in the league. Paul George is crazy good at any shot, Hill and stephenson are hitting 3 quite often as well.
OlBoyP::pacers are looking real good. lance is ballin. when granger comes back the pacers could be legit contenders, if they arent already.
DWoe23::Granger comes back and Lance will be the energy slasher the pacers will need off the bench, will Ian Tyler Augustin
OlBoyP::im really excited about this team. we are a matchup nightmare for the heat.
CaliforniaCougar65::why is it always 29?
RabbiLevine::Pacers shooting the ball real well over the last couple of games.  If they continue to be effective on offense and Granger comes back to score 14-15 PPG, this is gonna be a tough out come playoff time.  They can play with the best.  2-0 against Chicago and 2-0 against Miami.  Need to play better on the road, but lost some tough ones to on the last road trip to Utah and Denver.
ExtinctionofwhiteCornerbacks::You make some good points. Also, those games @Utah/Denver should have -- especially in the DEN game.
DWoe23::Pacers are 12-9 vs the west; 7 of those losses were on the road and only have 9 games left vs the west; 4 of them on the road.   Pacers have 11 road games left vs the East with a record of 18-10 vs the East so far; 9 of those 10 losses were on the road.  so 15 road games left counting the game tonight. Question is, will they turn it around on the road.
ExtinctionofwhiteCornerbacks::DWoooaahh!! It's ReppinRed from AFCS. Very good point. Personally, I see them turning a corner on the road. You know that will be a big emphasis of Vogel's going forward. Getting Granger back can only help (our bench at first) and space the floor. Gonna be fun to watch!
DWoe23::wat up!!!!!
MudrunnerVA3::I believe 100% of the Pacers fans come on here. Really, all 14 of them.
Taco with a Q::Rather have loyal fans over bandwagon fans
OlBoyP::pacers have way more fans than the heat. the heat dont have any fans just bandwagoners.
DWoe23::if only the Pacers could sign a championship team, then there attendance would go up im sure. The year Pacers went to the Finals and the year after, they were 10th in attendance. now since the Brawl, fans are hesitance in investing in this new version of the Pacers.
DWoe23::there is some legitimacy to this. Before Bron came to south beach, Miami was in the middle of the pack in attendance; they were 15th in 2010, in 2011 they were 5th.
ARod1420::What you say here seems legit!! Lame Miami fans...will they ever go away?
MasterOfLogic::We have 14 real fans You have 140,000 bandwagon fans
Roy3667::Paul George is such a beast Atlanta sucks
OlBoyP::i thought atlanta played alright
heitz13::has anyone seen Tyler's jumpshot?  it's been missing all season.
NickelShort::make that 2 seasons. he was turrible last year.
stwinin1974::Ive been following this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made between 2-3k a month profits using this system so far. You can find the system on the 1st page of Google by searching for sports betting systems
AdamMcD1536::Does Paul George have what it takes to bring a ring to indy?
OlBoyP::yes he does with this supporting cast
enemy_80::lolyep
will-i_am::lolnope
mcook813::Who were your (Indy) losses at home against?
OlBoyP::they were early in the season.
ngabrek::I still remember the raptors game... the pacers looked terrible. 72-74 i believe? couldnt even get the ball to hit the rim on most occasions
chitwnballer23::raptors by 2, spurs by 7, and denver by 3 -- 3 home losses by a total of 12 points -- pretty impressive imo
Taco with a Q::Pacers led by double digits the Spurs and Nuggets game too.  Raps game the Pacers couldnt score for anything
ItsMatt27::Indy is good in all but god dam they suck on the road
NickelShort::Not really. They started the season with out Granger, who at the time was THE center piece of the team.  They've been flowing well since they went 10-11 to start the season.
Mcfly_2015::5-1 vs. miami, new york, chicago
ChicagoSingh::Go Indy! Respect from Chi
IM.a.GAY.heat.bandwagon.FAN.DWADE.sucked.your.fav.PLAYER::notice how espn doesnt really cover how much of a moron Lequeen is again after saying he should be making more $$$$  lequeen couldnt win on his own like MJ, KOBE, Magic, Spurs(team thing),  and is the only player ever to outright beg for another team. Lequeen will best be known for the biggest quitter and choker in sports history.
tabom33::Kobe had Shaq for his first 3 rings, and then he had Pau Gasol for his second 2 rings.  Magic played with Kareem.  MJ played with Pippen.  These players hardly won on their own.  Jordan came closest to doing that but he is the best ever.  You really don't know what youre talking about.
IM.a.GAY.heat.bandwagon.FAN.DWADE.sucked.your.fav.PLAYER::paul george definitely &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; leQUEEN
Matty_hans::f.aggot
Mcfly_2015::paul george better get some mvp votes after the season is over
Reds30417::Loved the SportsCenter piece that just aired. Most efficient defensive team in the league. This team should be a threat in the playoffs.
OlBoyP::i couldnt believe espn gave us some pub
CamOverRG3::Why won't these guys lose at home?
kneszzz::so, just a complete coincidence that Indy has both the hansborough boys? why would they want these so-so to junky players?
DWoe23::because they are scrappy energetic aggressive players. Ben barely plays because he is our 3rd PG, but Scycho T is an aggressive defender, and he is second on the team in free throw attempts, which means he is aggressive to the hoop and helps get the other teams big men in foul trouble.
NickelShort::I believe you were going for Psycho T.  That P is silent, I know.. It's a mind $@%!, like Pterodactyl, or pseudo.
pacerpride35::I love that the SportsCenter graphic referred to my hometown as Win-dianapolis. SVP showing great love for the Blue and Gold while doing the highlights package.
brockness22::ESPN and Sport Center suck! Show some respect to good teams and stop talking about the Lakers!!!!
skorin1781::Tyler once again plays less then 15 minutes? wow
Theironrod2012::Paul George &gt; Lebron  lol
jackson0780::Lebron is the best player in the league hands down, majic Johnson 25 years later, on steroids.. Not literally.. And without all the std's
NickelShort::you part of the 'Bron suckfest?     He is ike Magic Johnson (nobody can spell today I guess), except Bron did do steroids. Go look at his high school body from freshman year, to senior year. Somebody started juicing in that junior into senior year.
IM.a.GAY.heat.bandwagon.FAN.DWADE.sucked.your.fav.PLAYER::FAIL.  and yeah hs overgrown jaw and bald head is directly from PEDS
jimmy188710::Another solid win from the best team in the NBA. Anyway fellow Pacers fans anyone know why Green never plays anymore?
NickelShort::Green has been other level terrible.   I was worried that his production came soley off the hands of Deron Williams. Deron was able to give him open shots all day, this offense doesn't run like that, it's alot of pass and shoot; Green just wants to chuck up shots and get open lanes to the rim, not happenin.
DWoe23::the biggest problem Green has to worry about now is the fact that Johnson has been on fire, he has hit 8 of 9 from downtown  in his last 9 shots. Johnson is also a good perimeter defender. its going to be hard to want to sit that kind of production
jimmy188710::makes sense good point jferg thats what he did with DJ were probably lookin at the same thing
NGplayinskillz::He hasn't played for a few games at least the last 5 games and I don't know why. He probably was so bad he played himself out of the rotation.
jferg9::because he played like crap? I'm assuming he will get another chance before too long, similar to the way vogel handled DJ
tgreeson80::They had the Pacers towards the top of the Broadcast on Sportscenter, and it looked like they had analysis included at the beginning...now, nowhere to be found on the side of upcoming events.  We get NO respect whatsoever.  That's ok, this team plays with a chip on its shoulder.
tgreeson80::Haha, maybe we will get some love.
NGplayinskillz::Yeah I saw that. They had a section called "Who are the Pacers?" and then all of a sudden it just disappeared so they could talk about Kobe Bryant and the Brooklyn Nets.
tgreeson80::Yep, was hoping that someone would acknowledge we are good, lol.  Oh well, this team doesn't need that.
jferg9::Took it off to talk longer about the Lakers...typical espn
wilhenderso 6::9 points.  That sure is a max contract type of player.
OlBoyP::roy doest have to score a lot of points to be effective
RabbiLevine::Not just about scoring with Roy, look at the complete line. Rebounding and block shots have been outstanding from Hibbert
rjb9rc::Pacers didn't sign him to score 20 a night.  9 points, post presence, rebounds and blocks = okay by me
rjb9rc::ahhh...gotcha
masterjoe712::Yeah I know he's talking about Josh Smith just saying Hibbert is producing that scoring output with a max contract
masterjoe712::I'd like to introduce you to Roy Hibbert
YogaBeer::Another impressive PAcer win.
rjb9rc::Hibbert played like a 7' 2" man tonight.  Good on ya Hibs
tgreeson80::If we could just get half the production we got last year, we are set.
Taco with a Q::If the Pacers win a back to back to back.   Well thats just impressive!!!!
tgreeson80::The best part about the hopefully three wins is that we are not talking about a Pelicans/Wizards/Bobcats sweep, but three potential playoff teams.
OlBoyP::they are playoff teams
tgreeson80::Very.  I know that the Bulls game was a re-schedule, but I just don't get how it couldn't have been placed elsewhere.
tgreeson80::Haha, right on
MasterOfLogic::They had to make sure they didn't make it too hard on the Bulls.
tgreeson80::Never understood why college teams hardly ever go two for one...
pacerpride35::Pacers @ Philly tomorrow night: Indiana wins by 7, 91-84.
JollySwagman28::I hope we hold them to 76  :D
JollySwagman28::Glenn Robinson III should've gone to Purdue.
tgreeson80::I bet Belein has been on him since about sixth grade, lol.
jwright520::mich can sure hit those 3s.
tgreeson80::Seems so many college teams live and die by it for sure.
tgreeson80::Trey Burke is a stud...but Oladipo on him all game, he would be SHUT DOWN
Cryoniclime::Oladipo gave up 4 points in the Michigan game
tgreeson80::He is my favorite player to watch since AJ Guyton
Cryoniclime::yep four different positions. Just unheard of.
tgreeson80::Yeah, I saw that stat, it is unbelievable.  He guarded like four people too, right?
JollySwagman28::didn't Hardaway score all 4 of those?
tgreeson80::The few times 'Dipo was on him, he shut him down the other night
KnickCityBro::Without lebron Miami = 6th seed at best in the East
Taco with a Q::IN the east yes, out west they would be outside looking in
pacerpride35::You give the Heat too much credit. They're easily 9th.
jwright520::yea if that
jwright520::i might be the only human being who both a) still likes dick vitale and b) likes the name "pelicans" for new orleans
pacerpride35::I'm good with both. I like their new logo.
nmyoung94::20-3 at home holy crap
MattPacers::yeah, but 10-16 on the road holy crap
JollySwagman28::This OSU / UM game is not disappointing.
tgreeson80::Just stinks rooting for either one, lol.
JollySwagman28::this is a really good game though.  At least one of them has to lose, right?
pacerpride35::Al's complaining about DJ. The refs gave DJ a technical. I suppose Al wanted a loose ball foul called too.
pacerpride35::I kept wondering why it took eight minutes for the refs to review the play. Maybe they were watching it repeatedly because it was so cringe-worthy. It's like an accident at the track. You don't want to look, but you can't help but do so.
jwright520::i thought that whole thing was pretty ridiculous. dj accidentally elbows him in the nuts followed by al absolutely clobbering dj followed by a 45 min (give or take) discussion by the refs... ridiculous
jwright520::ya hell no
tgreeson80::Yeah, it sure didn't look intentional to me...I do not understand how anyone could think that by looking at the replay
tgreeson80::He'll be here all night folks!!! Lol
jwright520::haah i didnt catch that
JollySwagman28::icing his marbles.
GoNyGoNyGooooKnicks003::Pacers playing some good ball.  can't wait to the Knicks play them in a few weeks.   Should be a great game.    Bring it
pacerpride35::It was so nice of Reggie during his Hall of Fame induction to lie and say he shoved Greg Anthony, when we all know Anthony just tripped over his own clumsy feet.
JollySwagman28::I love playing the Knicks.  Too bad Reggie had to retire!
lboogie737::Knicks as well 8-2 in their last 10 games.
Taco with a Q::It will be a good one
jwright520::oh yeah
akklocek::I dont know alot about the NBA but i heard this Atlanta team only scored 58 points in a game. From what i can see thats horrible, I watched a little of this game and you can tell atlanta probably shouldnt even be in this league. Is there a system where they could leave the league for a year then come back once they get better?
tgreeson80::akklocek-I think the revenue is so much different from the NBA to leagues like the Euroleague, where they have different levels.  The D-league here is made up of guys making fifty grand a year, versus millions in the league, save the last guys off the bench.  Unless you're the Pacers, when the last guy off our bench makes three and a half mil lol
tgreeson80::Lance has hit his next level of growth in my opinion.  Guy is taking over at times and taking big shots when it matters...and making them
tgreeson80::Agree JollySwagman, I cringe everytime he throws up a contested thirty footer
akklocek::Its probably because the Market is so much larger in Europe, im speaking of football
JollySwagman28::Gerald Green is way overpaid.  He and Lance should trade salaries.
JollySwagman28::American professional sports leagues DO NOT have relegation like European soccer leagues.  A team might send an underperforming player to a NBA D-league (development league) team for a spell but, the entire team would never "demote" to a lower league.  Sorry, our leagues are designed to make it easier for the worst teams to get better the fastest.  (not that the poorly-run teams take advantage of it)
tgreeson80::Haha, only reason why I know is because of Howard
JollySwagman28::shows you how much Euro sports I watch.  I'm surprised I know about soccer relegation.
tgreeson80::Basketball leagues do that too...Matt Howard played on a German team last year that got relegated to a lower league
jwright520::why pick on the hawks when the bobcats exist?
akklocek::Oh i understand, i guess the team they were playing was just alot better. I will watch more now that i live in usa.
jwright520::my point is that the hawks are a decent team. lots of worse teams
tgreeson80::Jwright is saying there are much worse teams in the league than the Hawks
akklocek::What? I dont understand. Im from France i dont know alot about nba
jwright520::those 2 threes by sam young were so smooth
Taco with a Q::Sam should be in for ONLY defensive purpouses
pacerpride35::If he makes Slick yell, "Boom baby!" it's all good.
tgreeson80::I'd rather he NEVER touch the ball on the offensive end again lol
tgreeson80::Haha, true that.  Just glad the bench has pulled their heads out their $@% the past few weeks.  Have been solid contributors.
MasterOfLogic::lol
jwright520::his only good quality is that he shoots less than green
MasterOfLogic::Wow, Marvin Williams was drafted ahead of Chris Paul?
thundakiss65::how do pacer fans like DJ Augustine
BAC454::hes solid
thundakiss65::cool
jwright520::starting to really like him. solid backup for hill
Taco with a Q::At the beginning of the season I didnt want him to play cause he was so bad, the past month and a half he's been very solid and has grown on me
MasterOfLogic::Started off terrible.... but is a pretty decent/good backup now.
ItsMatt27::East Finals will most likely be Chicago vs Miami or Indiana vs Miami. New York just has bad playoff history.
pacerpride35::Much of it will depend on seeding. The worst draws will be for the teams that land in the 4-5 and 3-6 matchups.
paul3d::They are too streaky. That is not good for a playoff team.
thundakiss65::Heres a bottle!!  -----------  I bet its been in your butt
barcodedlife::Pacers should trouble the heat big time if they meet in the playoffs again.
pacerpride35::You do realize the Pacers have spanked the Heat twice by double figures this season. Miami is not going to have a cakewalk to the title. Everybody else in the Conference got better.
thundakiss65::yea, theyll take em to 5
ItsMatt27::I'm going to be interested in what Indy's lineup will be once Granger returns.
lboogie737::True.
Hokies540Nats::DG in for Lance..I Like Lance comin off the bench
Hokies540Nats::Nor right away, but come playoff time it absolutely will be..No matter how good PG has looked this year DG is still the leader of this team
lboogie737::Not right off.
paul3d::Bulls / Pacers vs Heat ECF. Sorry but I don't see NY making it that far.
Momma of Poppa Peter::I'm a Pacers fan and I think you're right with Bulls/Pacers, but NY has just as much of a shot as Miami. They lost a couple recently, but they were playing without felton. Miami outside of Lebron has looked pretty weak overall though
Hokies540Nats::If the knicks play the heat its over in 4.
Cryoniclime::I don't either
