663Dan::huh?
ThrowsTheHammerDown::Jonas Valanciunas has been suspended lol
itmustbebobby80::Talented kid, but clearly his body is not built for the NBA. It's gonna be a short career, I'm afraid.
KentuckyAlum2012::The report said the x rays were negative. However it is alarming that he does get injured so much. Luckily none  of these injuries have been too serious.
Binafsi-U::Yep. This kid can never stay on the court for an appreciable length of time. Sad. I hope this isn't always going to be the case with him.
ToTheTop55::I started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  I strongly encourage you to check this out if you bet at all.
cancerthedragon::"Pizza Pizza!" - the vacation dude from Cincinnati
jmcca170::damn it, Kyrie....why do you have to be made of glass?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::all these guards falling down left and right due to injuries
stock-daytrader::Great game Toronto, we will see you next game your boys from Myriad. Rudy, hope your back gets better bro, we need you man. We are holding the keys to the city for you because oneday you will win us that championship! <a href="http://www.myriadim.com/">Website Development Toronto</a>
321forrealbro321::This is hysterical....Ive never seen a troll go so hard.  Dude I hope life gets a little better for you.
YenxRenx::Nothing worse than a troll. I'm glad i never troll; I just tell the truth about the game, the players and the world, in general. That's why I'm SO COOL!!
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::Lebron James is GOAT
BBIC5151::Why do you keep getting injured Kyrie?
YenxRenx::Because Kyrie is a p.u.ss.y...
karelp::Tons of talent, but he sure seems to have the injury bug.
AlanUNC5::The one thing that could stop this kid from being great are injuries
YenxRenx::uh, .330 players aren't great...lol
Ernie Els is african american::Byron Scott is a $@% coach
smokeysaj::Stupid Cavs, they were going to shut Kyrie down for the rest of the season but they continued to play him, and for what? They're not making the playoffs and they don't have a chance at the lottery, and now they've injured the future of the franchise again by making stupid decisions.
Indians1028::Im going to bed, was fun laughing at Dabu, bye and Go Cavs
Ernie Els is african american::Are you a Raptors fan? Do they have those? wow
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Wrong fanbase to insult in that way. 18 000 in the arena for every game for 18 years and an entire 30 million population country that gives the games big TV ratings
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Wait you didn't tell me what University you graduated from. Or tell me how I am a hypocrite. Don't run away now that you are exposed as a total dewsh loser.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::So now you are jumping in on this conversation also with an insult. Am I still to assume I am am the bad guy?
JohnsonnnL::Are you intentionally acting like an imbecile?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::So let me get this straight you can insult me but you will get me banned for a couple days if I say something to you. Even though you jumped in on this conversation with no provocation whatsoever?
amfmamem@ameritech.net::Prepare to get banned
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ya whatever woman. Shouldn't you be cleaning something right now?
amfmamem@ameritech.net::??? My account is from 2004, Indians1028 is from 2012
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Baha. Nice alternate account.  HAHAHAHA plus you are a chick. Get back in the kitchen and make me a sandwich
amfmamem@ameritech.net::I think you got owned
Indians1028::Dabu-As frustrating as it is to be a Raptor fan and a Hog, I will always stick by my teams. Loyalty will be rewarded. Just be patient!!! GO RAPS and WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO PIG SOOIE!!! --------------------------------------------------- You are such a hypocrite
YenxRenx::Yeah its real rewarding watching all your teams suck for 60 years......the funniest was the Browns telling Cleveland where to stick it, going to Baltimore and winning 2 Super bowls...meanwhile your fake browns haven't even sniffed a playoff win....too funny!!!
YenxRenx::Lets see, if the Indians win the WS series this year, and they won't you'll be rewarded with what?..being able to say your team won once in 65 years? HAhHAHAHAHA... thats not much of a reward!!! 1 win in 65 years means they SUCK!!!  Dont worry though, they won win it. lol
Yata-garasu::That is more of a reward than being a bandwagon fan.  It means nothing to root for a new team every year.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Answer me down below but how is that hypocritical in any way? Do you know what being a hypocrite means?
Indians1028::Yes, you
Indians1028::@DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT ------------------------------------- Go to bed, you are getting owned tonight. Then again you did go to Arkansas so I understand why you are trolling
YenxRenx::Lebron knows that nobody can win in a sh.itty city like Cleveland....Lebron and the real Browns did what all Cleveland teams should do; they left that loser town!!!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Did you seriously just diss me for graduating from University??? Huh something new every day on these boards. What is your alma mater? Lets compare programs and graduates.  Plus saying someone is getting owned means nothing when the thing we are arguing is Cavs fans dissing LBJ even though he did everything he could to get you guys a title and now you s.hit on him. You guys bring up 1 series against Boston to justify your mindless hate.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::How come you didn't tell me what University you graduated from?
Yata-garasu::I don't hate James.  He quit in that series.  Do you understand now?  We never brought up James.  You did.  I respect his game.
Indians1028::No, we were arguing about Kyrie and then you brought up LBJ but I guess you forgot
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Imagine having a player that transcended the game, took a team full of scrubs year after year to the best record or close to it. To an NBA finals. Put up amazing epic numbers, UNIVERSALLY recognized as the 2nd best ever by everyone except Laker trolls. Now imagine a fan base so insecure that they would blame said player for their shortcomings completely ignoring the fact he was the only reason they weren't a lottery team. JESUS CHRIST YOU GUYS ARE A DISGRACE.
321forrealbro321::Nobody from cleveland is mad at lebron. He played out his contract.  As a man and a professional he had every right to go where ever he wanted.  Its just the way he did it.  Thats all man.  If you didn't already understand that, than you're new bro.
Yata-garasu::Do you know how stupid you look by saying one player could win 66 wins in a year by himself?  2007 was all James in a weak East.  But he DID NOT win that many games by himself.
Yata-garasu::Yes.  He won all those games by himself.  He won 66 and 61 by himself but can't even win 61 games with Bosh and Wade.  I admit that he is the best player in the league and I respect his talent.  He pulled off a miracle in 2007 with a weak East with basically Detroit as a good team.  Great times.  He quit in that series.  He knew he couldn't win and was tired and wanted to have an excuse so he could leave.  If he made it to the Finals he would really have no excuse to leave...  He lost to Boston and then said next year that he couldn't win against them.  Even though the Cavs won all the regular season games against them over those two years(Maybe lost 1 in Boston).  They also had a 10+ scoring differential both years.
Indians1028::WOW, LBJ isnt the 2nd best ever top 10 right NOW. Im not saying we would have won but LBJ quit and didnt give us a chance
Indians1028::Cavs were ranked 1st for the brightest future for non-playoff teams
YenxRenx::Yes, i agree, the Cavs future as a perpetual "non-playoff' team is secure indeed.
1brom99::why was johny football at the game???? like the jays hat he was wearing
TDOTNATION22::I thought DeRozan had a dunk of the year over Mozgov...Jordan topped that.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Still like DeMars. That was a shocking dunk like what the heck just happened!!! No room to do it.
TDOTNATION22::Stop lying to yourself, Jordan&gt;&gt;DeRozan(DunkOfTheYear) DeRozan is second tho.
Yata-garasu::GG Raptors!  Irving is hurt....  We should just sit him out now...  For all you dumbasses saying "trade Irving".  GTHO!  GO CAVS!!!
Indians1028::I love all the Kyrie trolls, keep it coming. In a few years I will be laughing at you
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hahah. You guys had LeBron and couldn't get it done. No one is worried about the Cavs.
Yata-garasu::The team was built around him.  Great defense + shooters + James=60+ wins in back to back years.  If he doesn't play the team will struggle.  You can't explain the fact that we lost by 30+ at home when we rarely ever lost at home.  You brought up James.  We didn't.  We are over it.
Indians1028::He didnt even try to attack that game, he gave up
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hahahahahahaha why didn't someone else take over then? Oh right becuz Bron was the only player on the team that could do anything. Huge epic numbers, double triple teams. Yep Bron is a quitter and he is the reason you guys are ring less hahahahaha. Get over it. Absolutely ridiculous
Yata-garasu::He did.  He played his heart out every other series but he quit in that series.  Sat in the corner the whole series...  Biggest game of his career and a team that lost only 4 home games in two years losses by 30+.
Indians1028::He did quit though, I doubt we would have won but he should have finished it
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::HAHAHAHHAHAHA Quit against Boston hahahahah. Man you Cavs fans are so hilarious. You actually are so insecure about Bron you blame him for everything completely ignoring the fact he was the only reason you guys weren't a lottery team.
Indians1028::We actually have a team now. Kyrie, Dion, and Thompson will all be starters for years to come. Then we have 7 picks in the next 2 years
Yata-garasu::Well maybe if he didn't quit against Boston we would have...
Yata-garasu::Well....  GG Raptors....  Irving is hurt....  For all you dumbasses that say trade Irving.  NO AND GTFO!  GO CAVS!!!
Is That All You Know::I'd trade kyrie to bobcats for Walker and a second rounder. Should of picked Kemba number 1 last year. He's lead a team to a ncaa title and  hasn't missed many games.
JohnsonnnL::This is so foolish Walker will probably never make the All Star team..
Indians1028::Kyrie has such a ceiling that no way they would trade him
Yata-garasu::He is a better shooter, more efficient, better passer, smarter and better at getting his own shot....  He is just a better player.  69 games of Irving&gt;&gt;&gt;82 games of Walker.
Indians1028::LOL Kemba isnt close to Irving. Get out of here troll
Is That All You Know::He isn't better then walker only thing he has over walker is 3 pt shooting. Kemba is durable.
JohnsonnnL::Why you're not a GM
Yata-garasu::NO!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ummm injury prone guys are usually avoided at all costs. Look at Philly they got bit hard this year taking a chance on a guy.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Like anyone would take Kyrie. He is a great player when 100% healthy which going at the rate is he is going to be about 5 games a year.
TDOTNATION22::LOOOL, Who seen what Knight get dunked on by JOrdan
JohnsonnnL::Kyrie embarrassed him and now this. The guy needs a break.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Why would I be mad? Knight plays for the Pistons.
Indians1028::lol Dabu you mad?
Yata-garasu::Took advantage?  He owned him.  If he could play defense he wouldn't have been on the ground looking up at Irving while he made the jumpshot.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::You mean Kyrie took advantage of him in an All Star game to pump up his own ego. Total dewsh move.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Huge size difference though.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Just watched it on Bleacher Report. That WAS NASTY
Atikian33::Trade Kyrie while you have the chance. Duke players aren't known for being tough anyways.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Haha
Kyrubio::id love to sit here and chat. but ive got $@%! to do.cavs fans ill see you tues. raps fans well...go do whatever torontonians do
3 fans like this.::Yall got any windex?  -Irving
Kyrubio::windex is for cleaning glass not repairing it.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hahahahaha that is hilarious man!!! I am definately gonna use that if you don't mind.
Kyrubio::they should be givin milk to kyrie on the sideline instead of gatorade
Kyrubio::why isnt the dinosaur the raptors logo on the court. looks cooler
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I think they should go back to the purple jerseys now that the team is getting better.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ya right. We are a way better with Rudy and with Jose gone so Kyle can start.   Our starting 5 has played together about a month.
Kyrubio::go back to purple yes. getting better not so fast they are a little better than the cavs now. ill say getting better very slowly
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::What's the difference between Glass and Kyrie Irving?  Nothing
321forrealbro321::You are saying some of the corniest $@%. Trying to get a rise out of people from Cleveland.  Bro...welcome to reality.  That !$@% is lame and sad.  Like I said before, im almost sure you got beat up in high school and are mad at the world.  The internet gives you a place to be a hardass and have no repercussions.
321forrealbro321::The day I post on the Raptors thread is the day I jump off a bridge.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::What? You are posting on a Raptors thread right now. Man you need to get some sun and read a few books. Get that IQ up.
321forrealbro321::My dude....im a Cavs fan. I was born in Cleveland.
321forrealbro321::DABU maybe take up some boxing classes at your local gym. It will help with your lack of self confidence and maybe one day get you out of your fantasy world on the internet.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hahaha. You are lame man. That is the most tired thing to say to someone. Give it up.   Edit: How does it even work as a insult when you post on the same site I do?
macman085::yawn......
Kyrubio::well kyrie is a human and glass is an inanimate object so....
Kyrubio::he plays soft. never said his body was soft
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Kyrie isn't human he is a piece of glass. The guy you were calling soft just stepped in front of him and he might have wrecked his shoulder.
Kyrubio::kyrie to play one handed vs the wizards
Indians1028::Raptors and Cavs in ECF, one day I hope
YenxRenx::It could happen but by then those teams will  be Tampa and Pittsburgh, having long before figured out that Cleveland and Toronto are loservilles.
TDOTNATION22::When Stern Retires.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Haha no kidding eh. That is his worst nightmare.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Kyrie should hit the gym instead of living large in the offseason. Pretty obvious he has no interest in helping the Cavs win a title.
321forrealbro321::He just wants a reaction. Dont comment on his posts. He'll be back to Myspace in no time.
Kyrubio::no he does need to hit the gym. im pretty sure your wrong on that second statement
TDOTNATION22::His freakin 20years old, what did you do when you were 20 besides trolling on ESPN boards.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Now I am using it. Right now I am actually down in Fayetteville at a couole friends Commencement this week.
TDOTNATION22::Im joking styll but Kyrie obviously wants to win a Title, then why play in the NBA when he can go play pickup ball.
macman085::was.......
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Was in University getting my degree.
Indians1028::False
Indians1028::Otto Porter to the Cavs, please
YenxRenx::Porter doesn't want to play for the Cavs...nobody does, if they can help it.
Kyrubio::yes
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Who else thought the decision was awesome television?
321forrealbro321::Dude you're tryin to get a rise out of people on the internet.  Thats sad.  Im sure when you step outside your front door you don't talk $@%! to anyone and probably were bullied in high school.
YenxRenx::No worry there, nobody wants a .330 play like irving...Cavs are stuck with him...lmao!! \
Kyrubio::just like your stuck with sorry life
Indians1028::Um didnt Durant's team suck in his 2nd year also?
TDOTNATION22::I wanted him to stay with the Cavs
321forrealbro321::I feel sorry for you man....your life must blow.  Its seriously sad
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::My life is amazing man.
Indians1028::Not me
Is That All You Know::Should of drafted kemba Irving gets hurt every other week. Sad thing is he has a nice game that rarely equals wins or competitive games. With kemba you atleast get a player who has won something an can stay on the court.
Kyrubio::kemba is too inconsistent
Indians1028::No
TDOTNATION22::According to HOllinger playoffs odds, Raptors as 2.0 chance of making it to the playoffs, And 0.1 chance of making it the Finals??? What is going on. Next year for sure playoffs.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::SO YOU ARE SAYING THERE'S A CHANCE!!!
TDOTNATION22::Unless Bucks go on a 10 game losing streak and raptors goes on a 8 game winning streak.
Kyrubio::theres always a chance. the bobcats could make it for all we know
TDOTNATION22::Definitely not.
TDOTNATION22::Chris Bosh and LeBron leaves, well gets what, Raptors will be 4th-6th next year &amp; Cavaliers if they stay healthy will be 6th-8th
TDOTNATION22::Watch Raptors and Cavaliers make the playoffs next year.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ya Kyrie is going to probably play 50 games so not gonna happen for the Cavs.
Kyrubio::if you believe hard enough anything is possible.
TDOTNATION22::Raptors are making it 100%.
Kyrubio::Like the raptors have a chance. they'll be stuck in nba purgatory yet again.
Kyrubio::i wonder what will happen to yenxrenx when the cavs actually get good?o_o
YenxRenx::When the Cavs get good, I'll give them props, of course.....but that won;t happen for a LONG LONG LONG LONG time..lol!!!
Kyrubio::yea i forgot
Indians1028::@Kyrubio-wrong  -YenxRenx's mom
Kyrubio::Just like you haven't been laid in a LONG LONG LONG LONG time.
Indians1028::Troll the Bobcats
Jumeax::Gay DNP: did no Play hurt Back must have hurt his Back Carrying the Lakers  on his 7/26 FG and 6 Turnove Performance
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::He tightened up a few games ago + a long flight + no sleep = It's the Cavs no need to have him on the floor.
TDOTNATION22::Top 10 Draft Class in 2012 Lillard Davis Waiters Beal Barnes MKG Robinson Drummond Ross Zeller
JohnsonnnL::Drummond has been really good for the amount of minutes he gets, should be starting.
Jonnycs10::I think Drummond should be 3. Agree with Lillard over Davis though. He's amazing.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Think the Cavs had the 2nd best player to ever play Basketball on their team for almost a decade and have nothing but burnt jerseys and an empty building now to show for it.
YenxRenx::yep, 22 is bottom 10, as I said....actually it's bottom 9...
321forrealbro321::The day I troll random threads and talk $@%! about other cities teams....is the day I might consider calling it quits in life.  YenxRenx...please man, you're embarrassing yourself.
Kyrubio::actually we rank 22
YenxRenx::.330....lmfao
Indians1028::Jets?
Kyrubio::for a $@%! team like us. we do just fine
YenxRenx::Cavs rank in the bottom 10 in attendance...hahahahahaaha
Indians1028::They are the 5th worst, at least Cleveland fans support the team unlike NY fans
Kyrubio::empty building my $@% the q fills up every night
Kyrubio::when i say fill up i dont mean sold out. i just mean it does well for how bad we are
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::? Average of 16 000 a game for 78.1% capacity. You just lied. The stats are on ESPN for everyone to see.
Jonnycs10::Lillard or Irving?
Kyrubio::Irving. i cant see lillard getting any better. hes 22
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::HAHAHAHAHAHA. His peak is pretty damn good then.
Kyrubio::valancuinas cant play without fouling. he blows
TDOTNATION22::He's tough player, Something NBA teams need for a big guy
Kyrubio::no he sucks cant defend without fouling. and is weak euro in general
sscott907::Way to avoid the fine since we all know you wanted to shut him down for the season anyway  Stern are u watching?
