mikeisildur::Lakers suck
PhilliesFan19050::Have you heard Dairy Queen just released a "Dwight Howard Sundae?". Made with a soft chocolatey center, a cherry and no nuts it should be a real crowd pleaser
Francois de French Model::Next time I hope Lee completes the job and smacks him hard enough to shut that blabbering mouth.
Mambaholic 33::Kobrick System:  Open...............................I take the shot Covered ..........................I take the shot Doubled teamed...............I take the shot Triple teamed...................I take the shot Someone else is open.......I take the shot Two players open..............I take the shot Three players open...........I take the shot Four players open.............I take the shot I have no shot..................I take the shot Out of range ....................I take the shot Falling out of bounds.........I take the shot Time running out............. I take the shot Hurt and can't shoot .........I take the shot Coach runs play for Pau......I take the shot Coach runs play for D!2......I take the shot Coach runs play for WP.......I take the shot Coach runs play for Nash....I take the shot Coach says stop..................I take the shot....get a new coach  Someone else takes the shot..... "Death Stare"
Emil4617::ooooooo,the death stare,scary!
bizz...::Lakers  bandwaggon  must  have  a  flat  tire   !
Black Joe24::Heat 27 Game winning streak   Lakers 36 total wins ......lmao
Black Joe24::Jackson quit on Kobrick for a reason
beverly.pouget::MJ wouldn't to Jackson, Kobe wouldn't Liston to Jackson any more.
higherhai23::Kobe should go back to what he does best, rape White women from Denver
Strike 1 yer OUT::"We are the better basketball team," Warriors coach Mark Jackson said. "They are in the rear view mirror and I have not checked it and I will not."
bizz...::Jackson  has  done  a  great  job  !
bizz...::Its  all  Mike  Brown's  fault  !
Scottpilgrim32::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBw-2ihLi-o
bizz...::lol
itsnottagame::Sounds crazy but as a Laker fan I think NOT making the playoffs will benefit the team. Maybe that will get it thru Jimmy Busses Rock head that they need to bring some REAL helpful talent in, amnesty kobe, and drop No'Dantoni.....Ok that may be pushing it
Mambaholic 33::Besides, Last thing Kobrick needs on his resume is another losing record in the playoffs
PhilliesFan19050::Playoffs? You're talking about Playoffs?  --Jim Mora
Mambaholic 33::Warriors and every other team
bizz...::Kobe's  resume      Yeah......After  the  D'antoni  blowup, in  which  he   obviously  implicated  Kobe......He  has  hit  rock  bottom   and  is  a  ballstopper  !    Also  last  night  the  Warriors  got  any  shot  they  wanted  on  Kobe  !
Scottpilgrim32::Lakers are so easy a caveman can beat them
dkebre::with Mike D as their coach
Scottpilgrim32::"I challenge Kobe to mortal kombat. Does he accept" - Lebron  "No no I'm to soft and scared you'll crush me"  - Kobe
dkebre::I accept!!!! I score 81 points on you!! Fatality!!!!
Voss voss::Allstar game
DidYouSeeThat36::Don't get me wrong, Lebron is proving he is the best, but why does that mean you have to put down another player?
DidYouSeeThat36::If you going that direction of: - Regular season &gt; Allstar game does that mean Laker fans can go: - Championships &gt; Regular season
Scottpilgrim32::2 regular season games which count towards your record
Voss voss::Man what happened to Dantoni? Remember when he was a good coach??
Mambaholic 33::Kobrick happened....Same as Mike Brown, just more fatal for him
dkebre::DEFENSE!!! DEFENSE!!!!
Scottpilgrim32::"Huh what's that"  Kobe and Coach D'antoni
dkebre::idk no one cares about me, so im not gonna shoot the ball  Dwight
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::If Metta has to miss time, the Mavs will take the 8th spot. All Cuban wants to do is stay competitive. This off season he will have some money to play around with, and starting spots open.
dkebre::We should ask Dwight who he wants to coach.
Miami Heat Blazing::I think Kobe should pop Dwight in the mouth in every game... It was good to see Dwight not smiling and showing a little anger last night..
America.Jesus.Freedom::I continuously see ESPN analysts ask the question "Can the Lakers win in Round 1?"  Give me a break... more like "Where will Kobe and Dwight be watching Round 1?"
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::11 for 27
Ed8821::lakers are about as good as the dodgers are going too be you cant buy a team
dkebre::%40
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::like high 30s/low 40s
Miami Heat Blazing::What's that in percent?
Miami Heat Blazing::what's that in percent?
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Mike D. should only get to run teams with no expectations.
Miami Heat Blazing::No Kobe lied... It;s because he knew Mike D couldnt tell him what to do with the ball..   Mike D has no coaching authority over Kobe...   Kobe does what the hell he wants to do and the other players know this
dkebre::Mike D should stick to Music!
Miami Heat Blazing::Mike D should not be coaching..
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::They keep giving him work. But this was Kobe's childhood idol. He didn't want to try with Lebron's throwaways.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::About 20 of Kobe's 36 were in garbage time.
dkebre::Dwights 4 points were meaningful as well as Gasol's 7
Get your foot off the boat::They usually are....  Mamba loosely translated into Sputnik means "Stat Stuffer"
I edit my comments after people call me names.::You mean the whole game?
Miami Heat Blazing::To babysit your sons and daughters  Kobe or Sandusky?
OmniVersal::Only thing Kobe beats is his wife
Scottpilgrim32::Kobe would be a horrible team track and field player. He would never pass the baton
Miami Heat Blazing::Hide your wives, Hide your Husbands... Kobe's in town..
dkebre::Low Blow!!! its not about Kobe its about D'Antoni!!
I edit my comments after people call me names.::C'mon Boat guy,  Did you not see D'Antoni chucking up those shots?  Geez!!!
DidYouSeeThat36::If Kobe is indeed the problem, who has the power to stop him....the COACH!!! His job isn't secured, so if he thinks Kobe is the problem...bench him....what is the worst that can happen.  They lose?
Get your foot off the boat::Of course it is.  It's okay, DK.  It's not your fault.  It's not your fault.
Jedi_Mind_Meld::Scottpilgrim32 Minnesota girls better be careful, Kobe is coming to town. Stay indoors _________________________________________________________________  There's allot of Russian women in Minnesota Kobe is no threat to them they'll beat him silly.
OmniVersal::What if I told you one NBA player could negate having an All-Star cast for teammates ESPN's 11 for 27
Get your foot off the boat::What if I told you a player was named the Defensive Player of the Year for locking down his own All - Star teammates into statistical career lows....  ESPN's 6 for 24
Scottpilgrim32::Minnesota girls better be careful, Kobe is coming to town. Stay indoors
OmniVersal::Only thing Kobe assists in is unwanted sexual advances
Miami Heat Blazing::Kobe's aim was off that night
Miami Heat Blazing::Kobe assists in getting other NBA players busted for infidelity
Jedi_Mind_Meld::Not even that.  He never makes a pass he just takes it
dkebre::Now we know why they hate can't get over that $@%!$ in Colorado.
Jedi_Mind_Meld::1 more year of this Lakers circus and the Black Mamba will rather retire than to keep playing just to be relevant
Get your foot off the boat::dkebre  Exactly!!! Jordan never passed the  ball the video doesn't lie! ------------------------------------------------------------------ Oh, for Pete's sake.....Jordan played 15 years and in two of those he played less than 20 games due to injury. He averaged 5.3 assists per game.    Larry played only 13 years and in one of them played only 6 games. He averaged 6.3 assists per game.     Kobe??? 4.7 assists per game.    Pull your head out
dkebre::Haters &lt; Kobe
Miami Heat Blazing::Bird &gt; Kobe
t00 legit to quit::<a><b>I love how everyone is making fun of the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy this year and watch all you haters eat crow.</b></a>
Scottpilgrim32::Na he meant when the lakers win the wwe championship
Emil4617::lakers are not worthy to even look at the Lombardi trophy,get a life....
dkebre::No he meant the  Stanely cup!!!
Miami Heat Blazing::He meant when the Lakers win the pennant
I edit my comments after people call me names.::I didn't realize the Lakers payed football.
Jedi_Mind_Meld::Jerry Buss is the one to blame for this mess. D'Antoni is doing what he has always done in his career as a coach and that's not concentrate on defense and try to bully you with offense
dkebre::Wow bro your just ridiculous hate the game not the player!
Get your foot off the boat::What?
dkebre::That was the big mistake. Its really clear
Get your foot off the boat::6 billion people on the planet....  but only one that can control the ego of Kobe and lead him to a championship.  Amazing....
Grumkin04::Very true, had the chance to bring Phil back, and didn't.
Miami Heat Blazing::But D'antoni is not even bullying anyone with offense..  He's not doing $@%! but sounding like Sandusky
dkebre::The conversation should be about D'Antoni and how he is incapable of using big mean properly.
Miami Heat Blazing::Kobe.... it's always been Kobe...
dkebre::Then why did they get blown out by the Suns?
Miami Heat Blazing::Yeah.. Cant you see?  Kobe is disrupting the flow of the offense and the Coach has no balls to tell him what to do....  It's that simple dude
dkebre::The offense doesn't allow for them to utilize their bigs down low.  How low can you go?
dkebre::Its that all you got Kobe?
Miami Heat Blazing::But Kobe doesnt allow that.. Kobe plays hero ball at the end of games and you think D'Antoni can tell Kobe to pass or set up an actual pick and roll play?
dkebre::Its not about Kobe if the coach had any clue he would throw it down low everything single time.  This BS pick and roll was always defended by the Lakers when it was used against them and what do you have is dynasty!!! Pick and roll leads to turnovers, long range shots, and big men away from the basket out of position.
dkebre::Don't change the subject!!!
Miami Heat Blazing::Kobe is the coach... D'Antoni has no say... He cant Kobe what to do or not to do..
Grumkin04::Kobe lovers can never place any blame on him! It's amazing!!
VicksBestDawg::It's those "big mean!"
Jedi_Mind_Meld::That would be too easy
dkebre::lol, seriously!!
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Kobe has more career assists than Michael Jordan or Larry Bird.  Kobe does whatever needs to be done to win.
Get your foot off the boat::Oh, for Pete's sake.....Jordan played 15 years and in two of those he played less than 20 games due to injury.  He averaged 5.3 assists per game.  Larry played only 13 years and in one of them played only 6 games.  He averaged 6.3 assists per game.   Kobe??? 4.7 assists per game.  Pull your head out.
dkebre::.6 = 6 tenths of an assist are you serious? + plus 2 more years of playing? lol
dkebre::Exactly!!! Jordan never passed the  ball the video doesn't lie!
VicksBestDawg::Like going 2-for-10 from 3 while D12 and Nash are shooting nearly 50% from the field.
VicksBestDawg::LOL Nice one, dood.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::I'll tell you what. Why don't we take all these bricks and build a shelter for the homeless, so maybe your mother will have a place to stay.
amandalovesNFL::Ok what are the Lakers playoff chances now? I’m not talking sh** lol just curious. Will they still get that 8th seed?
amandalovesNFL::I didnt see them disappear last yr. They made it to the western conference finals.  With the way LA has been playing, I see them making that early exit.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::They are probably sandbagging at this point to get into the easier side of the bracket.  If they stay 8th seed they will get the Spurs aka "best record fast playoff exit".  We've seen the Spurs diasappear the last few years.
VicksBestDawg::Yeah, that's it.
Miami Heat Blazing::They will... cause the other teams  Mavs and Utah have harder schedules remaining
VicksBestDawg::Yes because Utah couldn't even win the road games against the bad opponents on this last stretch and Dallas doesn't have the bench to make a run at the 8th.
VicksBestDawg::It's okay, Laker Fan. Once the Lakers win one over some schlub, sub-500 team, ESPN will again anoint them as the most dangerous 8th seed ever. And your boy Kobe will be plastered all over the home page.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Still waiting for that Eagles championship?
VicksBestDawg::BURN
Scottpilgrim32::Rebuilding process should be simple for the Lakers  just get rid of Kobe Bryant Problem solved
dkebre::If that happens we will be losing to teams like the Suns on a regular basis!!!
Get your foot off the boat::Geez - I don't know....they are 2-1 without him including a road win against the Pacers....  0-2 since he got back....  Hmmmmm.
Get your foot off the boat::I keep going back to the guy that said "Just wait til the Lakers go on beast mode come playoff time..."  Still laughing over that one.
dkebre::Its not Like Kobe is averaging 8 assist a night or anything.
dkebre::We need Dwight and Gasol in constant beast mode!!!
Get your foot off the boat::Grumkin04 - They need Kobe to shoot less and pass more. They've won when he actually decides to pass the ball.  Okay - put down the mouse and step away from the keyboard....  The Kobe police will be there shortly.
Grumkin04::They need Kobe to shoot less and pass more. They've won when he actually decides to pass the ball.
Get your foot off the boat::Better trade them to a team that will appreciate them and utilize them properly then.  Anybody can stand around and watch Kobe shoot.
Grumkin04::I saw that too. Can't take the blinders off.
dkebre::Kobe haters go away!!!! Go somewhere you belong!!!
Get your foot off the boat::Hey Chris Crocker...go back to defending Britney ....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHmvkRoEowc
OmniVersal::Goes to show how dominant Shaq was and what an awesome coach Phil was for both of them to win in spite of Kobe.
dkebre::Its the same conversation when Michael and Kobe were playing together.
dkebre::If you compared both of these players in where they were after their 8th year Kobe was a way better shooter and just as explosive as Lebron!!!
dkebre::Lebron is a different player and Lebron is in his 8th year.
dkebre::He is in his 17th year, not his 5th, 6th, or even 7th.  17th people!!!! Wake up!!!
VicksBestDawg::You said he's the best player in the NBA. Now it's his "17th year" and he's not as good as LeBron? Which is it?
dkebre::Not true at all. Fact is we have 0 championships without him!!! and No Final appearances!!! He was key in all of those victories if he is not their we don't win.  What name should you call that?
VicksBestDawg::Is he better than LeBron?
dkebre::You people are insane he is the best player in the NBA since Jordan.
dkebre::So what. MVP''s is just who performed the best, that doesn't mean that Kobe didn't play well or wasn't the most valuable person on the team!!!!
Grumkin04::Actually, if he was the most valuable to his team during those championships, he would've won more than one finals MVP.
VicksBestDawg::It specifically means he wasn't the most valuable, actually.
dkebre::Goes to show how nobody remembers the championship that were won after Shaq!! In spite of Kobe? You mean because of Kobe, those championships are not won without him!!!
Grumkin04::Kobe has 1 finals MVP. Same as Lebron.
slimthugster::wait... kobe bryant shots made / shots attempted 13/37  wait for it.... ..... LOL
dkebre::Its just amazing how so many people can hate on a guy who has one the Lakers so many games!!!
sorry if I hurt your feelings::They hate him because he beat their team.  Lakers fans love Kobe.
Grumkin04::Nice, he 'one'  games for the lakers.
Terry 1953::Dwight Howard looks like a nerd when he has to shoot the ball more than 3 feet from the rim.
herbalremedy1::Randy Rhoads&gt; any laker ever
I edit my comments after people call me names.::Rocky Road &gt; any Laker ever
herbalremedy1::also true
SPURZWARS::Manti Te'o' &gt; Howard!
Get your foot off the boat::Kobe sees team mates like Manti saw his girlfriend....  He doesn't.
Terry 1953::Dwight Howard only made 4 shots, my pet 7ft monkey can do that.
SPURZWARS::You have a pet monkey?
Terry 1953::yes, 7 ft tall and he can make 4 shots in a basketball game
herbalremedy1::whats the difference between Dwight and your 7 foot monkey? one belongs in africa
Terry 1953::Ok Coach Carter
VicksBestDawg::On 8 attempts or 29.6% of the shots taken by the Mamba.
herbalremedy1::kobrick could suck a basketball through a garden hose
SPURZWARS::Or the chrome off a car bumper!
herbalremedy1::lol
