Ryan Richards::Bobcats will win the NBA Final this year!
Alex Vargas::keep playing nba 2k
Rodney Cooley::Hendo please grow hair back.  Go Bobcats
Conner David Boyd::Here's a novel idea, ESPN... how about you show some highlights of the team that won instead of making this a Raptors recap that just happened to be interrupted by Charlotte?
Chris Thomas::Let's go Bobcats!
T.c. Brown::Let's get over .500 tonight Cats. Interesting to see how they handle the back to back this time. Last time was a disaster.
Troy Arshad Shaharabally::raptors are gonna slap the bobcats tonight, gay willl drop 30+ tonight
Stephen Turner::if he does it will be off 30 shots with mkg gaurding him
John Haythornthwaite::Gay and Derozan throwing up bricks all night
Yinan Chen::Are the Bobcats legit?! LOL
Patrick Loria::I was dreaming of the first two weeks Kyle Lowry played as a Raptor last year. He was so good he was picked top ten in our basketball draft.  Fast forward one year. I got Lowry as the 120th pick on Sunday.  Raptors can not win if Lowry does not take at least 12 shots a game. The guy is an offensive threat but now when he crosses centre he is like a dog on a leash and the leash ends at the free throw line.  Only the old LOWry can take the Raptors HIGHER.
Robert Collins::Once again I forgot that the Raps had Tyler Hansbrough on their bench. So I wrote a poem about him.  http://thedailysportspoem.blogspot.ca/2013/11/the-gradual-disappearance-of-tyler.html
No Names James::Bobcats are the sleepers. They will upset the world and bring home the title giving MJ his 1st title as an owner.
Brent B Jacoby::still cannot believe raptors took terrance ross over drummond. i cannot say thank you enough
Stephen A Cronin::of course the cats hammer the raptors early.   canada really needs to give up on basketball.
Van Grungy::Yeah, we'll take the game from you as Canadian Intellectual Property.
Stephen A Cronin::Van Grungy what makes you think id EVER cheer for the craptors.   you couldn't pay me enough to do that.
Van Grungy::Stephen A Cronin  Naismith
Ryan Mullen::Dwayne Casey really needs to be fired. No idea why this scrub is still our coach.
Colin Uza::He has got the Raps playing some good defence since he took over, but he just makes bonehead decisions and benches good players for no reason.
Plant Peterson::I live in Charlotte, I'm a Cats fan. I wish I was in Toronto right now at the Burger's Priest
Michael Loreto::did I miss something, why di not raptors foul at end, can someone explain ?
Colin Uza::Because Dwayne Casey is an idiot who is too stupid to calculate the difference between the game clock and shot clock
Eric Barton::should I drop Valanciunas for Spencer Hawes in fantasy?
Reyhan Eusufzai::Yeah, even though it's still kind of early, I feel like Hawes would be the better pick at this point.
Colin Uza::What the hell is Dwayne Casey doing? Idiotic coaching.
Van Grungy::Yes, can't argue with that.
Natalie Miller::Casey Really needs to go I hope our new GM will pull the trigger
Valentino Alexander::why isnt Valanciunas playing?
Michael Loreto::nba is criminal. this is all rigged.
Yinan Chen::Why would Stern rig it for the Bobcats? No one cares about them.
Patrick MacKinnon::Good they decided to show-up.
Allen Bouvier::Is Walker playing tonight?
Kareem Al-amin::Yes
Sean Berniard::Garlic make my feet stank!!
James Bogie::any idea when al jeff will be back ?
