Andrew86466::Fans say Joe shouldn't be an all star  But the coaches do, 6 years strait...  I think the coaches are just a bit better informed than some fans ..
91Gmoney9009::Please Larry Drew, BENCH JOE JOHNSON.
91Gmoney9009::It truly is sad, he has only hit the 20 point mark once over his last 9 or 10 games. Dude went from being "the quietest superstar in the NBA" to being the 4th best player on the Hawks...I dont see us making the playoffs if Joe continues scoring single digits.
moosiphoosus::Or please NBA teams....take Joe Johnson off our hands...6pts my goodness Joe.  He won't even attempt to go to the basket and get fouled anymore.
tbomber2::hawks live or die by josh smith... yikes
91Gmoney9009::False, we live and die by Joe Johnson. If JJ would have played like he did at the beginning of the season, this would have been a 30 point blowout.
FingerRoleJoeTM::Smooth is tremendously effective when he plays his game..  He is one of the most dominating players in the L but Hawks fans let's be serious he gets passed up on the all star game every year, and its not because the coaches are "hating on him" that is just silly  Josh gets passed up on because he refuses to play within his limitations.  ANY fan could tell you Josh doesn't shoot the outside jumper well and shouldn't have the ball on the break, but JOSH CANNOT UNDERSTAND THAT?!?  I love the Hawks so therefore I love Josh, but he will never be an all star until he learns who he is.  I guarente= if Josh would stay within 15 feet on the basket and pass the ball to his PG off the rebound, he would be making his 2nd or 3rd all star appearance now.....GO HAWKS!!
moosiphoosus::He does these things because our "ALL-STAR" aint an "ALL-STAR" and doesn't lead.  Maybe we(hawks) should let Josh be the go to player on the team..Joe doesn't own up to his title "ALL-STAR"
tarumpaw::lol jsmoove fantasy owners are salivating. whos the allstar now.
gustiwrx::http://www.elite-cappers.com Free sport advice join up!!!
Luxurry::Josh should be getting paid 120 mil. Instead of 6 point Johnson.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::30 pts 17 boards 7 dimes 4 stls 3 blks and yet the Eastern Conf. Coaches continue to try to validate their obvious, silly and propsterous error. That's okay though, he will continue to play with that "Y'all done fuc ked up now" mentality.
Forkitout24::It feels like a broken record.
AZwildcatz4life::youre a broken record
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::https://twitter.com/#!/search/realtime/hawks%20celtics%20trade "No Tweet results for hawks celtics trade"  So the Hawks and Celtics are in trade talks, and NOBODY has tweeted about it? No ESPN or Local sports columnists, bloggers, reporters, etc. Not 1 single tweet? I'm not buying it.
moosiphoosus::I would never do that trade for old A&amp;&amp; Pierce....NO HAWKS not Horford for Pierce....NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
dalemurphyjr::Isn't Pierce hurt as well, and can we afford his contract
dudemanbro2::well Pierce played tonight so as far as I know, he is not hurt
dudemanbro2::im not either and the person saying it is saying that its horford for pierce... really? boston or anybody for that matter is not going to trade for a hurt player, i don't even know if you can trade an injured player
J-SMOOVE2022::you are living in denial
J-SMOOVE2022::it will probably be out there tomorrow
J-SMOOVE2022::pg teague/hinrich sg joe/green/t-mac sf pierce/marvin/vlad pf josh/ivan c  zaza/collins then we could trade marvin and zaza for a center.  kirk could also be traded
onthemic79::We're going to have to trade Josh Smith ultimately.  Given your screen name, I know that isn't what you want to hear, but because we can't trade Joe Johnson (dumb contract), it's going to be Smith.  Sorry to be the bearer of bad news man.
J-SMOOVE2022::Horford for Pierce is a good deal in my opinion.  Hawks need to keep Josh Smith though.  I really believe if we could trade Horford for Pierce straight up, we could compete with the Heat this year.
moosiphoosus::If the Hawks trade AL HORFORD for Paul Pierce I will EGG Phillips arena every chance I get.   Brown EGGS too!!!!!!!!!!!!!
acohn22::I would never do Horford for Pierce.  Horford is still young and was on the all NBA 3rd team last year.  He is a beast, and he will only get better.  Why trade away young talent for old talent?
91Gmoney9009::Because Joe Johnson has become irrelevant.
dudemanbro2::what makes you think boston would trade for a hurt player? srsly im a hawks fan and think that having pierce would be great and all but get real
91Gmoney9009::Boston does not have a championship in mind this year. They know "The Big 3" are now the "Old Three". They are wanting to bring in new, young talent to surround Rondo. Hawks need a scorer. Joe Johnson may be the most underperfoming $100 mil+ player in the history of the NBA.
dudemanbro2::they are currently the 7th seed, and hoping to get a better position than that, and trading a leader for a player that CANNOT play until the playoffs AT BEST is just absurd, man you are delusional, like I said, i am a hawks fan but i am also a realist
J-SMOOVE2022::Horford is coming back in April.  Plus, Boston is REBUILDING.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::PHX as a city  is unappealing, boring and it sucks. The Suns suck. Just deal with it, sore losers.
MrChalkyWhite::I'm from PHX and a Suns fan, and I agree this city and (unfortunately) the suns suck.
ATLhawks0::fake hawk fan
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::This board has got to have some of the dumbest people I've come across on an ESPN board. cwbell86 says "lets be honest. im from Atlanta and proud, but most people dont WANT to go to atlanta, they have to because in a trasnportation hub"  So is that why NO OTHER metro in the nation GAINED more NEW residents than Atlanta between 2000-2010 except for Houston and Dallas? I guess all those new houses, apt, condos and places they MOVED into were just for "transportation" huh? You people are idiots, metro Atlanta high growth rate is common knowledge in educated circles.   The 30 U.S. metropolitan areas with the greatest population growth, 2000-2010  1.      Houston                               1,231,393  2.      Dallas-Fort Worth                1,210,229  3.      Atlanta                                 1,020,879
AZwildcatz4life::I see you fail to mention that phoenix is 5th on that list, and that arizona was the 2nd fastest growing state
dalemurphyjr::I miss Atl
ATLhawks0::this was a great game
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::You see dust storm, boring city residing Suns fans. I deal with facts, not made up bitterness because you lost a game lol.  "No one wants to go to ATL :("  I guess that's why we have the WORLD'S busiest airport and are the 7th most visited city in the USA. You fail again lol.  "As of 2010, Atlanta is the seventh most visited city in the United States, with over 35 million visitors per year" "With a gross domestic product of US$270 billion, Atlanta's economy ranks 15th among world cities and sixth in the nation" "Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport being the world's busiest airport since 1998." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlanta
91Gmoney9009::The worlds largest aquarium, the Coca-Cola Factory, Centennial Park, CNN Center, ESPN's main facility. Yea nothing to see here folks, boring city....WOW
Orange602::What a troll.
cwbell86::oh ok i concur
Orange602::He's posts that just so that he can get frustrated responses from Suns fans/ Phoenix residents, hence he is a troll
Orange602::"You see dust storm, boring city residing Suns fans..."
cwbell86::how is that trolling. No one can argue that atlanta gets most of its visitors because of the airport, not because its an amazing destination
cwbell86::lets be honest. im from Atlanta and proud, but most people dont WANT to go to atlanta, they have to because in a trasnportation hub
J-SMOOVE2022::Horford for Pierce.  Also, we are shopping Josh Smith.
dudemanbro2::well the Horford for Pierce trade won't happen considering Horford is hurt and all..... maybe when he comes back and that still wont happen until the offseason since Horford won't be healed until well after the trade deadline
cwbell86::pierce would be so pissed
J-SMOOVE2022::Hawks and Celtics are engaged in trade talks according to ESPN radio
TomaHawk238::marvin williams and teague for rondo lol
dudemanbro2::i'll believe when i see it, espn always likes to make stories about these so called "trade rumors" in EVERY sport and it usually ends up being just that... rumors and talk
cwbell86::...
dalemurphyjr::oh and I forgot the Hawks first round picks for the next ten years
dalemurphyjr::watch it be J-Smoove and Jeff Teague for Boston's free throw coach
twilaubiefan::Yes, please elaborate.
THE JEFFERNATER::Who for who?
dalemurphyjr::really who's mentioned
dalemurphyjr::Never thought I'd be missing Twin
THE JEFFERNATER::Do the Hawks miss Jason Terry?
THE JEFFERNATER::I'm so glad the Mavs traded for JET all those years ago.. He's loved here in Dallas.
AZwildcatz4life::yep
THE JEFFERNATER::Yeah he is along with Bibby on that title team.
AZwildcatz4life::UA alum
dalemurphyjr::yes, we miss Pau Gasol too
cwbell86::i think the hawks miss chris paul the most. instead we have marvin williams
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Phoenix ranks 2nd most boring city in the USA, only trailing behind the thriving metropolis of Wichita, Kansas http://www.city-data.com/forum/general-u-s/394716-most-boring-us-city-11.html
AZwildcatz4life::haha and if you read the comments below the poll it talks about phoenix being a great place hahaha nice link idiot
lMlike::Totally. Thats why everyone wants to go to ASU. You never hear anyone wanting to go to ATL for anything. Unless they were visiting their convict family or wanted to get swept by a hurricane.
91Gmoney9009::Yes because we get hurricanes in Atlanta? You're a smart guy lol. We get rain and winds from the "outer rings" of a hurricane. But whens the last time a hurricane came thru GA, I know its been atleast 3 years. And Atlanta isnt even in the top 5 for criminal activity in the US....DOUBLE FAIL
AZwildcatz4life::wtf kind of sketch a$$ website is this? looks like a high school project
Orange602::Seems like a totally reliable source
jbfreeman62::Alright gotta run.  GG suns and Go hawks.  First 2 days off all season long
THE JEFFERNATER::Damn the Suns didn't pull it out.. I root for the Suns bc of Nash.. Looks like he had a pretty good game.
atler5264::And Nash got a Technical, don't see that too often from the South African.
AZwildcatz4life::average game for Nash
AZwildcatz4life::cool the hawks won in phoenix for the first time since nam.. have fun making an 8th seed and getting shafted by the heat/bulls in the playoffs
atler5264::3rd seed, since Philly lost.
Toomersforever::probably be the 4 or 5 seed.
falconsfan0125::This guy made a complete 180 turn after the 3rd quarter
jbfreeman62::Sure did
jbfreeman62::Still. Butt. Hurt.
NOMANSFAN::aw, be still your hurting butt
cwbell86::have fun not making the playoffs
AZwildcatz4life::lottery pick in a loaded draft... ill take it
NOMANSFAN::Best thing about Phoenix is they rejected MLK day as an official holiday! Then passed law for illegals to show their papers! Priceless!
cwbell86::remember when the hawks beat the suns tonight so the suns fans talk about other sports that they're amazing at?
onthemic79::AZ, you're a $@%!$ baby dude.
jbfreeman62::What other sports??
AZwildcatz4life::the one that has the top recruiting class in the nation with 3 top 10 players.... yeah that one
jbfreeman62::The one that won the tourney last year??
AZwildcatz4life::UA basketball
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::me_destruit, you're an idiot. Everyone knows "metro" size is what matters. City limit population means crap, unless you think "San Jose" is really bigger than San Francisco.  http://www.sportstvjobs.com/resources/local-tv-market-sizes-dma.html Atlanta = 9th largest TV market http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Table_of_United_States_Metropolitan_Statistical_Areas Atlanta = 9th largest metropolitan area.  yeah, get back to me when you know wth you're talking about, dumb ass. I guess you get your "facts" from ESPN that only list Northeastern cities, LA and Chicago as "big markets" lol.
Toomersforever::Another good win for the Hawks.  Long time since we have won in phoenix  Go Hawks
AZwildcatz4life::remember when the braves had the wild card locked up in september? ahahahahaha
91Gmoney9009::A decade of dominating the National League. How are the DBags, I mean DBacks?
falconsfan0125::Dude Braves and Choke are synonyms. Get some new material
NOMANSFAN::PHILLIES BABY!!!
jbfreeman62::Remember when the Dbacks beat the brewers?
jbfreeman62::Same outcome. Still butt hurt??
AZwildcatz4life::BRAUN LED THEM TO VICTORY WITH HIS PEDS
Alabamarolls4 14::Excuses. You sound like an LSU fan.
jbfreeman62::Same outcome. Still butt hurt?
AZwildcatz4life::ROIDS
AZwildcatz4life::you guys are lucky the red sox did the same thing and no one talks about you
BigPage24::I feel bad for all you hawks fans.... I bet sometimes you just want to slap Joe Johnson and tell him to quit being a girl be a man and just Speak up!!!!
dalemurphyjr::sad thing is Joe Johnson should be the best shooting guard in the entire NBA...he's built closer to Lebron
Mudvaynian573::and sometimes he holds Kobe to 10 points on 5-18 shooting.
Mudvaynian573::and Kobe is a defensive stalwart in his own right
Mudvaynian573::no, but I bet you couldn't name me 3 out SG that can single handily do that to Kobe either.
BigPage24::did he do any better?? yeah didn't think so dummy
Alabamarolls4 14::I don't wanna slap Joe Johnson, I wanna slap his contract.
falconsfan0125::Both sound good
falconsfan0125::All the time
cwbell86::we do, but then he makes a fader 3 with someone in his face so we forgive him
falconsfan0125::hasn't happened much this year
jbfreeman62::Yep sometimes
Alabamarolls4 14::lol. I came onto this board and it was like a mosh pit. Roll Tide
jbfreeman62::Somebody got butt hurt.  Now we got a ridiculous city war on our hands haha
arizonasting001::GG juliojones and falconsfan. Only two hawks fans I have respect for.  Later.. Go Suns!
Alabamarolls4 14::What did I do?
falconsfan0125::Take care.
Mudvaynian573::I wanna be loved too :(
NOMANSFAN::you guys should get a room!
AZwildcatz4life::idiot
jbfreeman62::I'll dig it
JulioJonesBrother::Later
JulioJonesBrother::Heck, I'd be pretty mad too if my quarterback was Kevin Kolb.
jbfreeman62::Only one thing is sure... He won't be in Indy
arizonasting001::soon to be peyton manning ;)
JulioJonesBrother::Lol maybe
jbfreeman62::Against Elway in 98
AZwildcatz4life::who went to the SB more recently? actually have the falcons ever made it to the SB?
dalemurphyjr::Yeah in 98...our defensive leader got arrested trying to pick up a prostitute the day before the game...
AZwildcatz4life::what heat?
JulioJonesBrother::LOL. You're same argument. See, you said "more recently" because you know <b>the Cardinals lost too</b>.  Get out kid. You can't handle the heat.
AZwildcatz4life::and lost
JulioJonesBrother::'98
falconsfan0125::here comes matt ryans playoff record in 3....2...
TheOwnerFtB6284::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.C O M....GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING WEBSITE...I OWN THIS SERVICE…MY RECORD IS 122-34-4 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS...I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 9 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM…I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...REGISTRATION IS FREE...JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS...I AM CURRENTLY RUNNING A MONTHLY SPECIAL...I’VE BEEN OVER 78% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS.   SPECIAL IS VALID UNTIL MIDNIGHT PST
Alabamarolls4 14::I'm shocked this happened. We never do this to teams. Normally teams come back from being down on us.
falconsfan0125::I know right? Refreshing isn't it?
JulioJonesBrother::Everyone go about 10 minutes down on the board and look at who started this trouble.  AZwildcatz4life if this was in atlanta the arena would be empty already
AZwildcatz4life::sweet give me props.
Mudvaynian573::Its not trolling if its true?
_i_am_a_Dog_::Be happy suns fans because your players will go on vacation during the playoffs
arizonasting001::ohhhh burnnn!
Orange602::I am happy
Ki121989::F.UCK Y'ALL....B.ITCHES...
NOMANSFAN::Phoenix is a great place to live if you got emphysema
atler5264::Better than hot and humid South Florida in the summer and having to deal with stupid Hurricanes.
cwbell86::i love a nice 118 degrees
NOMANSFAN::talking to cwbell86
Orange602::What?
NOMANSFAN::you must be a woman
Orange602::It's only hot during the summer
arizonasting001::or like great weather, food and women.
Orange602::It's been in the 70's for the past couple of weeks, pretty nice
NOMANSFAN::yea, nothing like living in an oven surrounded by sweaty mexican chicks cooking you refried beans
AZwildcatz4life::yes the cards suck but the falcons are not exactly good... they got blasted in the playoffs.. straight embarassed
Mudvaynian573::idk whats so great about desert weather
JulioJonesBrother::But not football.
arizonasting001::Hawks fans were cool until they showed up.
atler5264::What is that supposed to mean, you don't like us Hawks fans.
Alabamarolls4 14::Sorry I was watching the game. Anyways, GG tonight... I enjoyed watching it.
cwbell86::u mad bro?
__Ivan Johnson__::So mad lol
JulioJonesBrother::Until AZwildcat started trolling.
AZwildcatz4life::yeah all 3 of them
arizonasting001::there were 2 guys on that were cool.
BigPage24::Believing that the Hawks are championship contenders is like believing pigs can fly
atler5264::$@%! off Big Page.
dalemurphyjr::This season its possible
jbfreeman62::And that charlotte will win 6 games
jbfreeman62::lol
BigPage24::im realistic i know the bobcats are not going to win another game this year
__Ivan Johnson__::Anything is possible with Ivan Johnson
falconsfan0125::Damn, Suns fans were cool until they lost.
Btyree9::He does when he deserves one apparently...
jbfreeman62::Ali never lost either
AZwildcatz4life::refs f*cked up.. nash never gets techs...
AZwildcatz4life::?
AZwildcatz4life::lol.... what are you texting?
falconsfan0125::Wow, blame the refs? How about blaming your team for not playing defense
JulioJonesBrother::lol
arizonasting001::Whos Ivan Johnson?
Mudvaynian573::Ivan Johnson A.K.A. Ivan the Terrible was Grand Prince of Moscow from 1533 until his death. His long reign saw the conquest of the Khanates of Kazan, Astrakhan, and Siberia, transforming Russia into a multiethnic and multiconfessional state spanning almost one billion acres, approximately 4,046,856 km2 (1,562,500 sq mi).[2] Ivan managed countless changes in the progression from a medieval state to an empire and emerging regional power, and became the first ruler to be crowned as Tsar of All Russia.
__Ivan Johnson__::Future HOF'er
JulioJonesBrother::Ask Kevin Love
Kobethamvp24x::Get over it AZ wildcat,, your team sucks
arizonasting001::go give kobe a bj.
cwbell86::i dunno about anyone else but i wouldnt be opposed
Kobethamvp24x::fap fap
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::There's a lot more to do in a much larger metro, top 10 sized market like Atlanta. What is there to do in PHX? Watch the Suns and post youtube videos of dust storms? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tp6jzOSyixI
atler5264::Atlanta is not a College Football town, only big time Uni is Georgia Tech. Phoenix is a great place for a vacation with heaps of great hotels and resorts.
Badboyz2011::Idiot think before speaking ATL is a top 10 market No. 8 to be exact!
me_destruit::Atlanta isn't a top 10 sized market(Atlanta is a mid-market team). By population, Atlanta is small as well....yet it's a city of commerce and has far more things to do than attend sports(sadly...and everyone knows Atlanta is a college football town anyway).
NOMANSFAN::Phoenix has a lot of "hot" spots....it's usually over 100 degrees most of the year, lol
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::i live in phx its alot better then that $@%!$@%! atl
Orange602::^ Has never been to Phoenix
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Suns choked, deal with it
_i_am_a_Dog_::shawn marion left the suns = 1 ring Amare left the suns = Playing in NY the center of attention nash what are you waiting for?
__Ivan Johnson__::Why is everyone talking about Josh?  I was clearly the biggest snub of all
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::lol u got no game probaly
JulioJonesBrother::They wanted the West to have a chance in the game.
AZwildcatz4life::get a life
JulioJonesBrother::Coming from <i>you</i>, <b>are you kidding me</b> that <i>you're</i> telling someone else to get a life?
__Ivan Johnson__::Man you Suns fans are so mad haha
TheOwnerFtB6284::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.C O M....GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING WEBSITE...I OWN THIS SERVICE…MY RECORD IS 122-34-4 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS...I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 9 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM…I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...REGISTRATION IS FREE...JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS...I AM CURRENTLY RUNNING A MONTHLY SPECIAL...I’VE BEEN OVER 78% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS.   SPECIAL IS VALID UNTIL MIDNIGHT PST
falconsfan0125::This guy is more annoying than Bill
cwbell86::flag this guuy
Btyree9::Stop!!!!!!
