Benny Thai Tran::Great chatting with you boys.  I'm switching over to watch the Niners vs the Falcons.  See you on the next game and Merry Christmas everyone!  Go Pacers!
Lindsay Crampton::Can we make a 6th Xmas day game??..Pacers @ Blazers ..they left out 2 of the best teams in the league!
Kyle White::That would be impossible since Pacers have already went to the Blazers and played. Blazers @ Pacers would be the game tho!!
Lindsay Crampton::True..bring it to Indy..I'm just upset I have to watch the Knicks, Nets, & Lakers get crushed..the other games should be competitive
Kyle White::Lindsay Crampton I know it's unfortunate but like you said atleast the late games will be competitive and who knows maybe one of the other games like Lakers or Knicks might get an upset. Chicago vs Brooklyn is just going to be a terrible game so no point in turning that on lol
Scott Hall::Pierce is such a punk
Zee N Jason Farmer::i thought the nba doesn't call fouls on 3s at the end of the game well what do ya know miami just got 3 fts at the end and fouled milsap at the buzzer and no call
Scott Hall::And Milsap got mauled at the end, No call
Zee N Jason Farmer::Scott Hall every teams fans other than the cheats shouls sign an online petition about them stopping the rigged games
Adam Youman::well at the end of the game, if there is like no time left on the clock, it would be normal for someone to take a shot, no matter the distance. so if they are fouled in shooting motion then it counts as a shooting foul. if they were to throw up that same shot with a minute left because they knew they were gonna get fouled it wouldnt be called because they would never normally take that shot. it happened yesterday with the t-wolves clippers game. K love at the end of the half threw one up and got hit by griffin. since it is normal to shoot a shot at the buzzer he got the 3 free throws. then, with 30 seconds left in the 4th, CP3 knew he was gonna get fouled so from before half court he threw it up but because he wouldnt normally take the shot it wasnt a shooting foul. Thats how it works. I think its a good rule
Chuck Fuego WilbuRn::Go Indy the toughest team in the league!!!
Benny Thai Tran::Paul Pierce is a bytch!
Benny Thai Tran::And now he's over there asking the refs why he's getting ejected.  LOl.
Scott Hall::23-5
Amos Seabolt::This will be a good game for Danny Granger to get back into the rhythm  with the rest of the players. I think this is  the best Pacer teams ever put together in my opinion. They will get past Miami this year!
Corey Pyle::It's close. It's easy to forget the '03-'04 team that won 61 games, whose potential was completely haulted by the Brawl the next year. Talent-wise, it's a tough call. But overall, this is probably my favorite team ever
Steve Scholl::Jason Kidd is not NBA head coach material IMHO, much like Magic Johnson wasn't either.  Great talent on the court, but their game isn't something that translated into something coachable to others.  Larry Bird, on the other hand, had tenacity, fundamentals, and discipline as a player (plus great talent), and these things do translate to coaching.  Kidd won't last the season.
Aaron Milloy::Larry Bird also had Rick Carlisle sitting next to him.  People forget that.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Has there ever been a single person ever to succeed at the highest level of something they have ZERO experience with? I mean, do you take somebody who has worked as a bank teller and make him the CEO of your bank?  Kidd never had a chance to succeed starting out. They hired a win later coach for a win now roster (new rosters always get diminished returns in year one) and people are surprised they've gotten less than top dollar on the investment. Should have made him an assistant and let him work up through the franchise. Of course this is what happens when you have basketball's Jerry Jones running the team.
David McKenzie::and Jason Kidd demoted a former NBA finals coach Lawrence Frank behind him..more evidence to Jason Kidd point  not head coach material point..part of being a great coach is being able to delegate responsibilities--Bird also had Dick Harter who was a great defensive assistant---but Bird did a great job of managing everything....which is probably why he never needed to spill a cup to have a timeout at the end of the game.
Andrew Lipham::with a loaded roster of d will, lopez, kg, pp, jj, jet, kirilenko evans blatche etc and approximately a 190 million dollar payroll, the nets have become by far the biggest joke in the nba.
Carl D Hill::A decent team could play 4 games in 5 nights and STILL beat the Nets on the 6th night, true story....[and that's with the Nets having the week off..]
John Martin::What a sad joke Pierce has become.  Nets should change their name to the Brooklyn Titanics. They are a disaster going down fast.
Jeff Glenellen::I see Pierce is showing his true colors once again, surprising what losing does to a dirty player,welcome back Paul
Chuck Fuego WilbuRn::Is there any photos with Paula Pierce ,getting dunk on scored on , or out hustled something posterizing on PP man lol?
Scott Hall::Prob would if he didnt get thrown out
Wade Russ::The projected starting 5 for the Nets in the offseason has played a total of 89 minutes together this season.     That's crazy.
Carl D Hill::What's crazier is the Nets giving up those 100 first round picks that they had, for these old scrubs....
Wade Russ::You could argue that it would be nice to have the picks, but the NBA draft isn't like the NFL draft.  It's a crapshoot with that stupid lottery. And outside of the top 10, a lot of players never pan out. But who knows. If this team was healthy and developed some chemistry.   Those trades might look good.
Carl D Hill::Wade Russ You must not have been paying attention to College bball the past few years, this draft is deep, next year will be top 15 deep...
Ed DeSalle::Miami breathing right down the pacers necks! LMAO!
Chuck Fuego WilbuRn::The nets are bunk thank to the additions lol coach n players what a joke!
Chuck Fuego WilbuRn::I'd appreciate if D granger will score a bucket.
Scott Hall::Well he is on the bench with his team up 16 so doubtful
Zee N Jason Farmer::2 days off for the nets, pacers played the night before? Hmm i see a trend in Indy's schedule.
Reeves Cox::... Are you actually complaining about Indy's schedule?
Zack Schooler::Pacers have had one of the highest number of back to backs of all the teams in the league. There are other things than just SOS.
Reeves Cox::Zack Schooler The schedule's are random. Stop complaining. :/ Everybody has times with bad schedules.
Tony Ellis::So, what's the deal with Blatche? I thought for sure he'd be starting with Lopez out, but...they put Garnett in the middle and Mirza Teletovic at the 4? Doesn't make a whole lot of sense. From a fantasy perspective, Blatche seems like a good speculative pickup, as he's played well for stretches while Lopez has been out last year and this year...but if he isn't going to get at least 28-30 minutes a night, he isn't worth owning.
Wade Mason::I'm thinking that the Pacers win the next two and head into 2014 +100 points in their last 5. I'm glad they're getting the offense flowing, some of those grind-it-out games shouldn't have been so close. I'd love to see the Pacers average 100+ per game, while still allowing <90. That'd be quite a statement.
Corey Pyle::I fully expected the Nets to turn it around and wind up with a possible 4th-5th seed once they got healthy and started clicking. I didn't/don't like them in the Playoffs, but had a good feeling they'd finish a lot better than they started.  With Screech now out, though, Idk what to expect. Maybe a 5th seed at best. Most likely end up as a 6th imo
Kyle White::The Nets aren't getting that high, they'll be lucky to get the 8th seed.
Gregg Thomas::Nets are awful.  They won't make the playoffs.
Dereck Johnson::Even in the East, they won't make the Playoffs. They need 2try &trade everyone/anyone. Its def time 2start over. Who would of known this team would be this bad.
James Albany::people can call the Heat and Lebron cheaters all day. When Jordan played, it was his league, he and his team got all the calls in their favor, now its lebrons league. its going to keep happening this way, the games arent rigged...just the way it is.
Zee N Jason Farmer::and like jordan, lebron doesn't have my respect nor many others for that reason. if ya can't win fair and by the rules then obviously your team isn't the best
Nathan Baker::Reggie Evans is the best rebounder in the league and can't get a minute on the court.  Meanwhile, Brooklyn's getting outrebounded by double digits.  Kidd is an idiot.
Zee N Jason Farmer::Refs aren't gonna call that at end of the game-Heat fans 12-18-13    Good call refs on Allens pinky brush foul drawn, good no call on the Milsap sandwiched knocked across the court foul-Heat fans Tonight
