Reeves Cox::Go HAWKS! Great win! Way to keep up the great play after the game in San Antonio! Although it was a loss, we didn't have all our players. Welcome back Kyle Korver.
Mike Wagener::You all have a legit coach now.
Reeves Cox::Mike Wagener Yeah, he does well at times. He has a great offensive system from San Antonio. It's sad though that he sometimes does silly things like take the starters out at bad times, or not putting them back in soon enough. But he'll learn. :D
Justin Jenkins::www.facebook.com/ClipperClowns
Stephen Nicolaus::Bitter Lakers fan. Let us know when you are above .500. Kobe isn't going to save the train wreck called Jim Buss.
Jeremy Taylor::Milsap worked Blake Griffin.
Wild Silverback::Over 203 !! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$  Whew.. Thanks teams !
Peter Knowe::expect clips to make a run in second half at some point
Wild Silverback::You know it.
Wild Silverback::WAY higher score than that... 109- 98 Clippers.
Mang Artemio::clips best team in the west?? dont think so...
Mike Wagener::most over-rated, definitely.
Tar Yak::Clippers 98  Hawks 87
Wild Silverback::WAY higher score than that... 109- 98 Clippers.
Jordan Ho::109-93 clippers
Perry Gould::great pick Jordan Ho
Kevin Jones::Thank you based god
Joseph Duran::Clippers are a microcosm of Chris Paul. Flashy numbers and stats except where it really counts. Winning. Paul can get his forced double/doubles, he can scowl, prance around with the title of the best pg, puff his chest out and in the end, no matter how much pub Paul and the Clippers get, no matter how many commercials they do, or highlights the have at the end of the day. They are simply just pretenders, not true contenders.
John Osaki Jr.::What an upset! Chris Paul, Blake Griffin have to win games like this on the road to become an elite team! If you are a big time Paul and Griffin fan, check out the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Reeves Cox::Why would Griffin be in a book with the 50 Greatest Basketball Players of all time?
Joel L Mehler::OK....any minute now, ESPN, I will officially be sick of the phrase "peanut butter and.....jam!" when showing basketball highlights.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::No Reddick and the Clippers offense looks just like last year. Way too many nights where three of their 5 starters can't score even double digits.
Mark McCoy::That Doc Rivers sure has made all the difference hasn't he? LMFAO.....should have stayed with Vinnie!!!
Peter Knowe::1-13 from 3 land for Clips and Hawks 10-20 the difference in game, why do Clips keep jacking 3's tonight, no coaching
Tyler Allen::Its not no coaching! Its a team full of guys who rely on CP3 for everything! How do we have 1 players who can take it to the rim? Blake Griffin is worthless without a lop / pick n roll!
Peter Birnbaum::Butler, Bledsoe, Odom, and Turiaf 2012 >>>> Redick, Dudley, Collison, and Jamison 2013.
Tommy Romeo::So much for all the Clippers players saying how important this game is.  Sure aren't playing like it.
Mike Wagener::Nice job Coach Bud and team!  A mirror image of the SA SPURS organization, already a competitor.
Wild Silverback::Hawks are on fire.. but I also expect a run from the Clippers... Should be an interesting 2nd Half.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Wow, if the Clippers win this game that will be the play that did it.  Lou just gave them 2 free points.
Mang Artemio::another big win for vegas.... clips sucks..... no defense at all...
Brett Goldman::Clippers not looking too good in this game, can''t hit anything from 3 land
Joe Brooks::Tough old under .500 Hawks beating up on the little showboys from L.A.? lol
Gale Sindico::so much for the over first half.  Thanks Clippers for poor shooting.
