Andrew Nickels::Wiggins may as well pick up his Jazz kit
Kenny Sterrett::Nah, Utah will go MO and pick up Jabari. He's destined to be the new chosen one since the Jimmer has fizzled.
Jimson C. Cuenta::Kenny Sterrett - lol, Jabari is going to stay 3 years at Duke.
Kenny Sterrett::Jimson C. Cuenta Are you factoring in mission time?
Lucas Martin::Jazz should bring in Tebow. Doesn't matter how well he can play, all that matters is if he can win games.
Ronny Stickney::The 2014 #1 Draft pick goes to the Utah Jazz who recently got a new coach, owner and got rid of the New Orleans Jazz logo!!!!!!
Dylan C Lee::As a lifelong Jazz fan...this is particularly making that Finals loss all those years ago hurt more and more and more...
Grant Oxenrider::eh itll be ok, we are seeing brilliant glimpses from this jazz squad. we knew this was gonna happen. i prefer it over last years squad. the jazz just need to quit turning the ball over so much, hit fts and learn to close the games out. remember these guys didnt get much time closing games out last season so they are learning. and will learn. these guys are capable of being a force, but we need tre burke, and we need im to preform at least decent, he cant be worse than tins and lucas, so i think we will be ok, we may end up 0-15 before winning but i think once the jazz learn to hold on to the ball, and can learn to close games they will be fine. i bet after AS break they will be a whole diff team! and thats fine, cause maybe we can get, wiggins,randle, parker, exum, smart to add to this roster. This jazz team is way better to watch than last years. Last years consisted of al jefferson and thats it! this team contests shots and play good defense most the time. Something millsap and jefferson could not. Ive not even been close to as frustrated this season as i was last season. This team willl be ok, we had a lot of injuries to start the season and things are only gonna get better barring injuries of course! as long as the core five dont go down we will be fine
Matthew L Smith::now thats how you tank...keep it close for 3 quarters then do nothing in the last.
Steve Broome::I can see why the Nuggets got rid of Karl, they're stellar without him.
Scott Carter::I think Utah finally gets their first win.  Denver: 92 Utah: 98
Sakshay Chaturvedi::Battle For Wiggins, Parker  :D
Grant Oxenrider::man i am not a fan of tinsley! he cannot shoot for beans! Why the hell did the jazz sign him again. I mean i like him alot as he seems like a great guy and i would have been happy to havve him as a coach or something but he is to washed up now. i would have prefered the jazz kept machado on. or anyone foor that matter. i wish they would just play burks at the pt until trey is back. i know that trey cannot be worse than lucas or tinsley. might be rough for a week or two but at least he is a threat instead of a iability for shooting
Jeff Hinds::The score is not indicative of how the Jazz played or really how close the game was.....growing pains are tough for young teams like the Jazz.  I guess you can look at it as a win win for the Jazz, guys get experience and they get a great pick....check out more on this at ...http://anotherlevelsports.blogspot.com/
Brendyn Scott::I called this.. I said on the first board that because of the brutal Jazz schedule, they could start out 0-13. That was BEFORE all the injuries plagued that Jazz and BEFORE we saw just how bad their bench would be... UGH... this sucks.. Trying to keep patient. Its hard when the Utes and Jazz blow
Grant Oxenrider::oh stop the whining, would you really rather be  fringe playoff team every year? im still excited to keep watching the games! they are way better to watch than last years al jefferson vs 5 other players! Im digging this! the wins will come, and trey burke will be back and after all star break we will see glimpses of next years playoff jazz team. hayward is playing well, he just needs to top turing ball over. fav looks good kant and burks solid! its gonna be good year
Stephen Zadroga::Why Brendyn. How about my 5-3 mavs!!! That everyone said was gonna suck as bad as the jazz!!!! I think u said they would be horrible as well!!!!
Stephen Zadroga::Hey*
Mikey Mikedidit::haha jazz are pathetic. the head coach wasnt smart enuf 2 hire any coach with proven nba experience. im going to enjoy watching them be the pinata of the nba...opponents are to whack their heads with a stick until candy starts falling out their mouth!
Steve Broome::Thanks for clarifying how pinatas work.
Mikey Mikedidit::Steve Broome anytime... r u a fan of either team perchance? im not but like to follow train wrecks
Grant Oxenrider::young team with no pg. of course they are gonna lose a bunch of games. but id be willing to bet after the all star break the jazz will be a very solid team!
John Osaki Jr.::Terrible star to the Jazz franchise. Revisit the great Karl Malone and John Stockton in new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Gino Foggia::frikkin rookie cost me 1st half bet... When your team has last shot before half and you are up by 3 you milk it till the last second... Took shot with 9 sec left and cost them momentum along with only 1 pt lead.. hate dumb rookies
David Peterson::I think the Jazz get win #1 tonight. It will be the exception, however. Jazz will probably be in the bottom 5 all season. I was optimistic at the beginning of the season, but the lack of offense is, well, offensive.
Grant Oxenrider::well tins and lucas hurt things bad. if trey can find his stroke it will help, and if rush can play welll it will help. wish the jazz would grab jimmer, he is a great instant offensive bump! ive watched him put up double digits in single digit minutes. he is a scorer. jazz will grab him in the offseason if he is not traded this season
David Aulds::Brian Shaw not playing to this team's strength which is fast break basketball. I'll say it again the Triangle Offense WILL NOT WORK WITH THIS TEAM!!!
Grant Oxenrider::i cant believe they fired karl! unbelievable! the nuggs didnt even have a true star on the team just a bunch of average to above average players and they had 4 th best record. and the nuggs fire karl hahaha idiot move
Alex Naeff::There has not been even the slightest glimpse of any kind of triangle system...
David Aulds::I know Alex because they can't run it, doesn't mean Shaw hasn't tried though.
Kenny Sterrett::Denver is the getting the same medicine as the now .500 Celtics got last week. A sweet dose of vitamin Jazz. "Vitamin Jazz: remedies what ails you!"
Grant Oxenrider::ha thats kinda funny, even as a jazz fan i find it funny!
Matt Semperboni::Jazz are the Jaguars of the NBA...except that the Jags actually won a game! Utah better hope the 25% chance goes their way for Wiggins.
Gregory Delzer::Andrew Wiggins is looking at the standings and thinking, "Two years in Kansas might not be too bad."
Brendyn Scott::except for the fact those millions of dollars will be flashing in his eyes
Mason Wesley Lloyd::How has Shaw been dividing the minutes? Still doing hockey rotations?
Alex Naeff::He's struggling out there. With JaVale out and Mozzy/Hickson getting in foul trouble
Danny Leavitt::Nuggets and Jazz are both hopeless. Goodby NBA, hello NHL.
Heywood Bagley::Go Jazz! 9-73 is within your reach-just focus...
Alex Webb::Manimal? More like Girlimal. Right? Right?
Cameron Fowler::Riggin for Wiggins! Going Sorry for Jabari! I hope we go 0-82
Jesse Hiatt::You want the Jazz to break the record for worst season and give us another reason for people to dismiss the Jazz franchise more then they already do? >_>; some fan you are. Because of the lottery if we have the worst record that's still only a 25% chance we'll get the #1 pick. And since the lottery is rigged, it's highly unlikely the Jazz will get it. If we get the worst record, we'll end up getting the 4th pick, so there's no point in the Jazz losing every game. As long as we're in the bottom 4 in the NBA we'll get a good pick.
Alex Naeff::Jesse Hiatt the problem is you that dont realize how deep the draft is this year. Even the the Jazz get robbed of the 1st pick the next 5 picks have very good chances of being franchise players. Unless you want the Jazz to be a 5th-8th seed every year. Every team has to tank to get good every now and then, go look at the celtics.
Jesse Hiatt::Alex Naeff the problem is you don't realize that we don't need to have the worst record in the league to get a top 5 pick. Unless you want the Jazz to hold the record for Worst Season and be a joke like the Bobcats. Every team has to tank, but holding an illustrious record like "Worst Season" will do us no favors in terms of getting better. Now then, go back and re-read what I previously said, you might learn something if you actually paid attention to what I posted. The Jazz only need to be IN THE BOTTOM FOUR to get a good pick. Next time read what somebody says before you criticize them.
Lance Denning::For the Jazz fan, out to the ski slopes this winter.
