Brett0346::when they hit their next slide, will Carlesimo get fired?
BK HOTSHOT::When is Toronto going to trade Bargnani? What are they waiting for? Seriously, everyone knows the Raptors have been playing much better without him. Even though they lost to my BKNets, they looked good. They are going to be a problem, if they make the right trade? I say go for Pau Gasol, Kris Humphries or Cousins. Their backcourt is pretty tight, with very good forwards &amp; a tough frontcourt of Johnson &amp; Davis. Their coach is suspect though???
deymayor::Home and home against the Hawks should be a good test.  If they sweep them as they should, things will really look up.  I expect them to finish this tough stretch 7-4 and that should be good enough.
Illinifan1976143::D-Will has been stepping up his game.  The Nets as a whole look night and day better, but we'll wait to see it against stiffer competition.
Zeke Mansfield::Django.  How do u spell that?  D-J-A-N-G-O.
ed2700::Definitely the best team in NY.
tbw2445::you're insane
65tarheel::keep dreaming. even if it were true which it isnt the Nets will never be top dog in NY. Just a matter of time before williams starts complaining. This is just like beginning of year when nets were 11-4 and all you net fans had them in finals.
mdtuzo::^^^^^
stillmatic8::Still not the top team in NY, but this is NOTHING like the team that started 11-4. The numbers speak for themselves. Saw a stat today where Lopez had 116 post ups in 22 games under Avery &amp; had 115 in 8 games under PJ. Not hard to see why he &amp; the rest of the team is playing better.
NYChe21::Knicks fans are already putting the Nets on a level with the Celtics.  They're trolling the boards, paying attention to the new team in town like its a threat.....wait....it is.
Ucannotbesirius::Standby for the chilly NY style hateful comments coming from Knick fans.
brasilsoccer10::What do yall think now of the move to get rid of Avery Johnson? I didn't like it at first, but dang, this is is freaking AWESOME now, winning 9 out of 10 games. Carlesimo should at least finish the year. GO NETS!
stillmatic8::I agreed with it 100%. Avery lost the locker room &amp; had some of his better players stuck on the bench. PJ is making Avery look foolish right now for not playing Brooks &amp; Teletovic.
capclip9::I thought that firing Avery was the right move, even when it happened. On the one hand, he had lost the locker room, but on the other hand, his game management was atrocious. The rotations, the help defense, the screens, the offensive sets. You could tell he was struggling to find cohesion. After Lopez went down, it seemed like Avery simply did not know how to manage his roster. I mean, losing your starting center is tough, even if only for a short time. But, it's not like the whole roster had turned over. I think Avery had to go. Good guy, nice man, a willing caretaker when the Nets were a lame duck in NJ, who deserved to see the team make it to Brooklyn. But, don't forget, this was a contract year for him, and as good as the team played in November, they were awful in December, and the last thing ANYONE needed was a now lame duck coach playing out the string while the team disintegrated, when there was so much hope, hype, and promise.
dsgtms::The firing of Avery Johnson, after being the NBA coach of the month in November, still sucked. I'll never root for the Nets after that shortsighted reflex by the Russian owner.
Rudibager::You obviously didn't root for the Nets before Avery was even fired.  Did you even WATCH those games?  Avery was terrible.
NYChe21::That's a delusional statement.
CinnamonToastCrunch123::there were MULTIPLE reports that he had lost the lockeroom. I mean once the coach loses a lockeroom there really isn't much ownership can do. Besides, they didn't like the fact that he was stunting the growth of the younger players. I mean look at Mirza and Brooks now. Its a night and day difference. I would reconsider my stance if i were you
DanMar1324::you must not be much of a fan if that will deter you from rooting for your team
JoweyPR::sit steve nash please! We dont want him hurt
ethans1299::Beware Knicks, we're coming for you.
ed2700::The Celtics aren't back they are broke back, old and moldy.
BK HOTSHOT::That's only because Kevin Garnett gets to talk Honey Nut Cheerios smack about peoples wives!
Celtics are too good::bEWARE BOTH OF YOU, THE cELTICS ARE BACK
Nargash10::It was clear why BKN struggled with Avery. Brooks,Teletovic and the rest of the bench would get 0 mins. Brooks just made them way better with his scoring off the bench and Tele with 3's..!!
BKNets123456::Knicks suck
tbw2445::Better record than the Nets
Nargash10::Also, Nets found their Novak. Teletovic..!!
jerry0892::teletovic &gt;&gt;&gt; novak
Rigstrikesbak3278::Knicks fans are so jealous lol
Nargash10::Nets are closing on the Knicks..!!
BK HOTSHOT::Am I the only one who recognizes that Reggie Evans is the "GLUE" to make this winning formula work? Too bad the Raptors coach didn't recognize that Amir Johnson was the Glue to help the Raptors win. Why did he take him  out of the starting lineup? Some coaches just overthink way too much. Last month when Amir got thrown out of a game &amp; suspended, I said the Nets should trade for Johnson &amp; Bargnani. Yeah I said it!!
tranScend::Couldn't get 17k attendance? Really?  Even Philly drew better.  Brooklyn is so not manhattan, and soooo never will be no matter what.
NYChe21::Thats because Manhattan is Manhattan and Brooklyn is Brooklyn.
BK HOTSHOT::BROOKLYN RULES!
Crooklynism::manhattan has no character, its all tourists, hollywood, wannabe elites...  So, you dam right Brooklyn will never be manhattan, Its already BETTER
BKNets123456::maximum capacity is 17,732 just saying
Knicks4Life244::Good Job nets your beating mediocre teams....
NYChe21::Raptors were the hottest team in the NBA.
Knicks4Life244::yea the ones who just scored 58.....what a challenge
KMartKidd56::You are so scared. This is hilarious.
jerry0892::next up, hawks
Kerby5436::58 points hawks? wisconsin just scored more than them lol
Living Room GM::Wonder would jay z trade Beyonce to have Kevin Durant
Living Room GM::CELTICS NOT EVEN HEARD IN BARBERSHOP TALK
Kerby5436::u are a truth sayer
Celtics are too good::trade Beyonce a$ap
Kerby5436::not likely
clippers8130::toronto needs to start kyle lowry im sorry hes awsome
Mets2410::he was hurt for most of the game
Living Room GM::kyle gettin worse...memphis need a crazy mf the too nice u gotta have some pitbulls to get that trophy
clippers8130::yeah but he plays only 14 minutes not enough hes awsome by all star break they will decide wheather to trade jose or kyle
Celtics are too good::and injury prone
mugupo::Is not always big name coach win game just look like the heat.  When you had good player let the player decide what to do.
Rezo201::Knicks fans are like that guy in high school who gets all upset when that new kid comes to school and all the girls swarm to him. I believe that is called jealousy. The Nets are just getting warmed up, half the Knicks squad is washed up has beens, it will only get worse for you Knicks fans next season.
tranScend::Lol.  Brooklyn.  You can win 20 titles and you'll never be king of this city.  Just like the islanders will never match the rangers.  Everyone knows where the heart of this city is.
NYChe21::I would take the 20 titles, you keep Manhattan.
RUfan1234::Just like how the rangers will never be as good as the devils... you guys go out and over pay for all the big name guys every year and still cant hold the devils jock.
Nargash10::Really? Because that would make them the most team with NBA championship in the league. Hard to say they wouldn't own the city if they went for 20 championships..!!
Knicks4Life244::Lmao only good win is OKC I'm done here
stillmatic8::Guess his Knicks don't count either lol
mdtuzo::clippers?
Kerby5436::just like the nets in june
Kerby5436::Known as a tenacious on-ball defender, Shumpert averaged 9.5 points per game on just 40 percent shooting last season
Rezo201::Copy and paste ability is a good skill to have, especially when what you paste is totally irrelevant.
Kerby5436::nets are like......
RNYC::Damn.  Avery Johnson was a real issue for this team. Gotta give Billy King credit for making this move
mdtuzo::it was prokhorov who pulled the trigger
gregnj::So when did Iman Shumpert become this Hall of Famer. The longer he is out the better his game gets???Same as Baron Davis last year.   Oh the Knick hype. Lol
Kerby5436::how marshon brooks cant be better than shumpert last year check the stats=
gregnj::Like I said your answers are dumb.
Kerby5436::truth hurts like pimples bud
gregnj::Now u lost me because your answers are dumb.
Kerby5436::you guys play marshon brooks give me a break
Kerby5436::deron will is washed up wont win in the playoffs. carlesemo will be choked again
themaxislord::nice analysis
gregnj::Iman would not start on Brooklyn.
_DespicableMe_::I remember Knicks' fans saying the same thing about Fields.  Lolzzzzz.
themaxislord::shump is an average player at best. shooting 40/30 on 2s/3s is pretty terrible, and his d is not good enough to make up for that
themaxislord::good one
Kerby5436::u never watched bball til this year
Kerby5436::nj is whack brooklyn nets are whack shumpert is 100 yrs younger than davis
gregnj::Something tells me the Knicks are worried. Hello Brooklyn.
SPGCPA::panic set in in Gotham....Knicks look up and Nets are only 1.5 games back.....and closing fast....
Crooklynism::Ok so seriously, is there ANY team out there that would be willing to trade for Humphries??
ThirtySecondTO::Milwaukee for Ilasova
Thedevil25::of course.  I have a feeling he is gone.  may not get much but at least we get rid of the contract
knoxsouthy01::Ny Ny east coast finals.
Petey 6677::Something different
2LikeABoss6::The Big 3 LITE of nets did great!
Thedevil25::starting to gel
chasejones06::DeMar DeRozan is $@%!$@ trash. He blatantly sucks. trade his weak A**
ThirtySecondTO::He's a great player!  The Raps would get a lot for him!
sp0rtsjunk1e::nets are hot! ow ow
arvin0502::.
Greygoose crew::Memo to Avery Johnson son, your daddy sucks!   From Dwill
pogradeci23::memo to you, go get an education.
NjFan11::BROOOOK-LYNNNNN
Rezo201::I will say PJ does have great honest quotes, like in the Twitter feed regarding the minutes. lol
GMEN525::Not to be that guy that makes a crummy joke......but we haven't lost a game this YEAR guys
Rezo201::Why is @NetsDaily talking about PJ coaching the East All-Stars? Let's calm down.
Jordan_93_29::Nets are lucky they play in Brooklyn so they can attract free agents, Raptors wouldn't even be able to attract big names if they didn't have to pay taxes! :(
Djay78924::They were good at attracting, Kidd and carter in new jersey
Jordan_93_29::Sorry, meant to say Jersey/Brooklyn
Crooklynism::If its really true that Prokhorov decided to fire Avery then the guy must know his basketball.  Its clear now that guys like Brooks, Televotic weren't getting enough time on the floor while dudes like Stackhouse, Humphries were getting too much time.  Also the offensive sets seem much smoother with PJ
ThirtySecondTO::@ Crooklynism...you hit the nail on the head!
Porkchop8920::he owns a team in Russia too so he does. I think it's the team AK47 played for last year
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::Great win! Hot team vs Hot team! and terrence ross had some ill nasty dunks while the nets were running showtime #bangbang
seniorgong::Talented players on this Nets team. The Coaching change was the best thing to have happened. They seem more focused, enjoying the game more and playing with great chemistry. Good $@%!* ...keep it going
coldhibachi::conspiracy theory: deron tanked to get Avery fired.
Jordan_93_29::Nets fans: If you had a choice would you rather play C's or Hawks in the playoffs?
GMEN525::Hawks. Celtics are a dangerous team come playoff time.
YinBallaz::Hawks for sure. Though I think we'd match up well with the C's too.
Espn Streak For The Cash::We match up good against both i think
Espn Streak For The Cash::.
NYChe21::Get back to you after the weekend.
Rezo201::Hawks, less experience together.
NYChe21::Gotta take one of the next two against the Hawks.  I could care less about the Knicks.
Thedevil25::jbtitan100  keep thinking your Knicks are so great.  I love it.  The fact is that everyone knows how to play you now.  If your one player isn't hitting his shots your team is garbage.
Espn Streak For The Cash::Knicks are so much worse with Amare playing
RNYC::No PG. don't forget that. Can't blame amare solely
GMEN525::He is messing with the chemistry they had while he was out. Didn't we all see that coming?
NYChe21::Yes.
Rezo201::I don't know if they're worse, but he doesn't make them better.
gri400::we really need jonas back, eddie and a banged up amir can only do so much inside
Djay78924::I think the Nets can win the Atlantic
Jordan_93_29::Only if the Knicks suffer a serious injury or their shooters forget how to hit the 3.
Djay78924::Nets and Celtics are hot. You need to watch out
NYChe21::They're old.  Both those things are possible.
Rezo201::I don't think so, I think we will be a 3rd seed.
Rezo201::Oh my bad. lol
GMEN525::Atlantic Division, not Eastern Conference haha
NYChe21::No seriously, why did the Raptors stop going to Ed Davis in the post???
BKNets123456::Nets = elite
