91Gmoney9009::Could we possibly get Rondo? Teague is not a PG.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Where are all the Hawks fans that were talking so much trash at the beginning of the year? I guess they all went into hiding as their team spirals towards their usual mediocrity.
91Gmoney9009::Im usually on here after every game. But it gets old, Atlanta has gone 17 years without a championship in any sport and that is why we are ranked the #1 most miserable sports city. Until a franchise comes here and constantly succeeds, there will never be a great fan base.
Terbmagic::Joe Johnson and Josh Smith's contracts are two of the worst deals in sports today.  They are being paid outrageously for good(NOT GREAT) talent.  You can't win a championship based around Josh Smith and Joe Johnson and now every team in the NBA doesn't want them for that money.  Hawks buried themselves.
bobby30303::Lin keeps winning but can he match 150 MPG? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmlTrVha3M8
dreballs::With Dominic Mcguire's performance tonight, this could be a great opportunity to start changing the attitude/culture of the W's  Of course since it is the W's, they will learn nothing as usual  Gad! I hate being a W's fan
BetsnBongRips::They are headed in the right direction. Finally some defense is being played. Don't give up, Go Dubs!
PacTenJunkie::Monte Ellis is a cancer
BetsnBongRips::Trade him and Curry and get a big man.
onthemic79::I'm embarrassed.  Anyone who thinks they shouldn't blow this Hawks team up and start over doesn't really want to win a title.  I'd say keep Horford, since he's the only one really worth his salt and get rid of everyone else.  Maybe Teague can stay.  Josh Smith is lazy and streaky and JJ is a 6th man.
todogg15::lin was going to be traded to the raptors day before nets game then knicks decided to give him one last chance. more details here: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
darwinislord::This Hawks team is awful. Bad team, bad contracts!
susceptable::the warriors are going trade monta to the magic to appease dwight
BetsnBongRips::Would be nice, but i think it's a long shot.
Madhouse_United::Called it.
ipiss_excellence::You know you suck when your top performer is Pachulia LOL
somaliangangsterpuff::he had 13 pts and 16 rebounds which is pretty frackin good.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::We suck, but so does Monta Ellis. 24 points on 10-27 shooting? lol.
fanatic1972::yea but we're not paying him Arod type money to put up 18ppg 2ast 2rb aka Joe Johnson. lol
WarriorsWarrior::GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS!
csotelo1::Wow, just proves how much better the Western Conference is when our #12 seed with no realistic playoff chance(some marginal chance), can beat the EC #6 seed at an away game.
lightbulbthinh::good game warriors
WarriorsWarrior::Good Game dude
JeffKent4MVP::atta boy warriors, try to get a winning record on this roady
supe540::Ugly win but Warrior fans can't be choosy.  Two road game in two nights and coming away with a win.  Very sweet.
fanatic1972::lol to the idiots who said that Joe Jonhson and Joe Smith were better than Monta Ellis.  GS BABY!
91Gmoney9009::He still never figured out that his name is Josh...smh
supe540::2 joes &lt; 1 monta
fanatic1972::1 win&gt;1 loss
ugadawgs414::Yep....Joe. Smith.
fanatic1972::yea the PF still shooting 3s even though he's at like 20% this year.
ugadawgs414::Ya...gotta watch out for that Joe Smith guy
jbfreeman62::Braves season starts in 2 days.  Seriously time for the Hawks to rebuild.
J-SMOOVE2026::u cant lose at home to $@%!$@% golden state
FriscoWarriors415::Both played bad. really bad. haha
J-SMOOVE2026::horrible loss.  we need a trade
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::and quick
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::we suck
Joe28282833::nice game Hawks  better luck next time
naterobinson1011::Nate ROBINSON=Clutch
todogg15::in my opinion what people don't understand about the whole Lin story is that he's not the only one who's done what he's done (trash to treasure) i.e ilyasova, pekovic, isiah thomas was picked last the draft  for example here's the ALL LIN TEAM position by position analysis of guys who did the same as lin http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
angrycali::Monta for sale. Great show case game to get even more for him..
naes666::hella rebounds GO WARRIORS
Michael Bibby XII::<b>IVAN JOHNSON WITH A 90 FOOT GAME WINNING 3</b>
rakpunj::When did Nate Robinson get out of jail?
sportsfanbp1::How does this trade sound:  Amare to the Wariors Monte to the Magic Ryan Anderson and Jason Richardson to the Knicks  Good trade?
fanatic1972::another no rebounding, no defense playing PF????  No way!
criztianity::we neeed lamarcus Aldridge
FriscoWarriors415::how about we take chandler
MagicBoltzRays::Anyone want to hear a joke?  .....  The Atlanta Hawks
ugadawgs414::Enjoy Dwight for 2 more weeks.
angrycali::ESPN site is pathetic...
kmag1848::ekpe about to put up double double
WarriorsWarrior::No Steph...atl looks pretty weak!
redskin6911::wonder how much atlantas getting paid to lose
cmonson3::i wish t-mac would retire. he is my all time fave but its just sad to see him like that
rakpunj::Nate Robinson is still in the league?
redskin6911::wonder how much atlantas getting paid to throw the game
lovesports27::hawks have no heart
J-SMOOVE2026::testing
direwolf748::hawks arena is so pathetically quiet
rhowe982::Why do the Warriors have Biedrins and Brown? What a waste of money!
UGAboz::The hawks. Look. Like crap
C00kieMonst3r::Why is Monta still playing? The guy is 7-20. Put back Klay or Robinson!
Reddog7786::bring in Chris Wright
stebreezy2013::what happened to nate
J-SMOOVE2026::Trade Marvin Williams for Stephen Jacksons expiring deal?
JulioJonesBrother::Let's go Hawks
brattboy99::Funny how Golden State's commentators said all Atlanta sports have poor attendance while sports in Oakland are always battling for last place outside of the Warriors.
abigley1::But even with our teams being bad, we still fill up our arenas. Well at least the Warriors, I couldn't care less about the A's.
