Wade Russ::Totally different team with DWill in the lineup.
Piper Collins::Start working from home as of today... You can work for 3-5 hours a day and earn $3000 a week... Weekly payments, simple job for which you only need a computer and a reliable internet connection>Sign up today on following website and get your first paycheck by the end of this week >>   WWW.WAMJOBS.COM
Piper Collins::Start working from home as of today... You can work for 3-5 hours a day and earn $3000 a week... Weekly payments, simple job for which you only need a computer and a reliable internet connection>Sign up today on following website and get your first paycheck by the end of this week >>   WWW.WAMJOBS.COM
Justin Taslak::I know they won but someone on that team has got to get on Lopez for only grabbing 3 boards in 37 minutes. Unacceptable for a 7 footer.
Shanny Salcedo::the C's are one of the best rebounding teams...that's why
Jonah Falcon::All he did was hit 10 of 13 from the field, 4/5 from FT.
Scott Claspell::F U Boston, get beat by a garbage team like the nets. Go practice and make sure its on basketball, scum
Chelo Mejias::Easy there tiger, Celtics were crappy tonight but it's a long season...no matter what they're still in first place after tonight is over
Jdzspace Espn::geez, don't you think that's just a little excessive? still a young rebuilding team, nights like this will happen. just take it, learn from it, grow and move on. Now we see some of the C's weaknesses, now they can work to improve them. it's all part of the process.
Ray Jask::WOULDNT BE A NETS GAME WITHOUT A FOURTH QUARTER COLLAPSE
Chelo Mejias::Let's Sweep New York this week, GO C'S
Jarvis Watson::Yes sir! Lets go get it, lets go for the sweep of NY! Jordan Crawford, lets go! You said you were better than Michael Jordan! SHOW IT, lets go C's. We rout these fools by at least 20.
Sean Patrick Coon::FAIL
Jaydogg Vega::Let Wallace go off tonight!
Jordan Staiger::Celtics rout the Nets by 20
Yoonki Ethan Park::nope
John Anderson::are you net fans likeing that trade lol
Ryan Byrne::Oops. I thought the headline "Ex-Celtics beat old team" would lead to a story where the ex-Celtics actually beat their old team. They did next to nothing. I was mistaken.
Yinan Chen::Considering how bad the east is, the Nets may just limp into the playoffs to be pwned by Indiana or Miami. Despite losing to NYK by 30 a few days ago, The Nets actually win some games now.
Scott Griffin::If we take them for granted, they will whip our butts.  And 2015 and 16 both look like lotto picks, considering KG, Pierce, and Terry will all likely be retired by that point...
Richard Haughton::The return of D-Will Eclipses the Return of KB24.  The nets will end up at 3-5 in the east after a couple of runs.  Crucify me now, The BBALL gods will resurrect me later.
Chelo Mejias::You needed every one of your players to play out of their minds... i applaud your team for showing up, but you guys won't make the playoffs
Richard Haughton::you're right about everything, I'm an Orlando magic fan.
Chelo Mejias::Richard Haughton   Haha
Robert Santana::The Nets are finally playing up to their capabilities. It doesn't matter if you give them a 1 seed or an 8 seed, if they play like this, they can win it all.
Chelo Mejias::Celtics don't have a true center...sullinger is 6'9 and bass is 6'8 The Lopez Matchup With Sulinger is the difference in this game
Tony Hartmann::They are beating a 10-12 team at home.
Robert Santana::Hahaha oh don't try that. Lopez does this to every center not just undersized ones. The Nets are going to do damage in the playoffs. The Celtics probably won't be there. They're a fraud.
Tylor Ward::I have a feeling Wallace is gonna drop 25 tonight! He needs to get in tune with the c's! You're not getting paid 10 million to score 4 points a game! LETS GO CELTICS
Jay W. Barrett::He needs to keep his head down and just play.
Garrett D'brow::Wallace sucks, why do you think we traded him to you.
Garrett D'brow::Garnet Pierce and Terry are all NBA champions. Wallace is a washed up scrub
Jeremy Ratcliff::Celtics just being outplayed right now, no answer for Lopez, and D-Will looks good as well, I thnk he  bought KG back with him  to. lol
Chelo Mejias::The Nets needed all their starters for this one...without them..this game would be a blowout in the c's favor
Addison Stewart::Chelo Mejias LOL so basically the C's need the Nets to stay injured for the C's to win? Most people would think the Nets are a better team when healthy. What we don't know is how good the Nets will be when healthy & they gain chemistry. Keep in mind the Nets starters have played less than 80 mins together TOTAL on the entire season. Think about that. All the jumping to conclusions about how bad they are/were are silly.
Eric Filapello::Totally agree Addison, that dude is a clown commenting like that. I try not to let comments like that bother me, but it still amazes me how stupid some people are.
Kenny Zinke::Both KG and Paul Pierce faced their former team the Boston Celtics last night.
Evander Smart::I'm going on record.  The Nets will be 3rd seed in the East! Write it down, take a picture of it, I don't give a......
Carlos Peralta::Now that I'm on the other end of it, KG sets a lot of moving screens. What goes around comes around I guess
Richard Haughton::You're saying what the nerds have hated him for since he got to Boston!!  Preach Carlos PREACH!
Jeff Brown::C's better not get cocky. Hell it was the Knicks they blasted not the Pacers. But it certainly looks like they've learned how to play together. On a nice little run: 6-2 Should be interesting to see KG and Pierce. Keep it up C's!
Chelo Mejias::Nets are 23/35 in the first half..66%...no way that continues
Jeremy Ratcliff::time will tell
Chelo Mejias::Jeremy Ratcliff   Yep, Let's see if the C's can get some Tom Brady Magic
Angus Maclaurin::6 fouls to 1?  hmm, no home court ref advantages there...
Addison Stewart::People still say stupid stuff like this? One team goes to the basket & one shoots jumpers & all it takes is an idiot to point out the difference in foul calls & he thinks he's on to something.
Jose Mercedes::wow it so weird seeing pierce on another team.
Scott Hjelle::Brad Stevens still gets carded.
Cristefer Young::that a diss or compliment?
Scott Hjelle::Fact.
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::C's over Nets 99-86
Jay W. Barrett::You're laying them? I took the 5- against the Knicks for $1,500.
Chelo Mejias::Jay W. Barrett   Laying them? lol
