MijoMartinez::The Spurs are lucky... very lucky... sooo lucky these past 15 years. That Coyote must have a horse shoe shoved up his... anyway, Memphis having a solid 2 seasons must mean they are the greatest team to ever play the game.
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic a$$ spurts getting lucky again...but that luck is running empty...next games the spurts will lose 3 out of the remianing road games and then getting a spanking at the hands of the Grizz in their ugly arena
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Ya know, I'm kinda getting to like you skippy.  You make me laugh.
ImOldschool1964::This guy is a tool,,,,fyi.  lol
AustinBeal::so this guy is saying the Spurs will lose three of their next 4 road games, which is against the Raptors, Wizards, Magic, and Heat. Maybe a loss to the Heat, but the other three are W's. You should stop hating on good teams and start worrying about how sorry the Lakers are. BTW the Spurs handled those sorry Lakers at Staples Center so you have nothing to say.
Texicano10::Corndog
hookemzuniga1022::Father time will eventually win out on Tim Duncan.. But for now Duncan Dosent Mind Whooping his butt 4 years after people said father time is catching up with duncan...
MudrunnerVA3::C'mon Parker. Play the boards!
nba is the worst::;)
ImOldschool1964::TP9 scores 33 and dishes 10 assists, Duncan has 22 and 17, Spurs are down by 17 and come back to win by 7 and this game recap is the last one on the front page of ESPN.com.  F.UCK YOU ESPN!  I hate you Lakerhead/Heat loving mother f.uckers!!!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::I love it when these pathetic spurt fans cry for not getting attention by the media...well...the spurts are boring as hell and they know that the spurts are just pretenders that will fizzle out come playoff time, by now spurt fans should get used to losing in the playoffs. because if winning the regular season gives them satisfaction well...more power to them LMAO!
Texicano10::who cares u should b used to it by now
MudrunnerVA3::Go Heat!
Ryanfrankbraungore::shut up man
ovechkinsgoal::pacers are your classic pretenders.
nba is the worst::Now the brutal schedule continues, with 4 games in 5 nights ending in Miami on the B2B, and then the 1st game home hosting the grizz...  Can't afford any more injuries, GO Spurs!
CandySparker::Cheers Tony Sparker!
Rudy_rush20::Duncan the ageless wonder. Soak it up ppl.
ImOldschool1964::He's truly amazing
sa_spursfan20::Good win tonight, Spurs. Always fun to play the Pacers. Best of luck, Indy!
LLindy86::It would be nice if Vogel would let Stephenson loose. He takes him out at bad times. Most of my complaints about the Pacers involve coaching and Hibbert not being able to score from right in front of the basket. You are 7'2...dunk the ball! Vogel calls too many timeouts so we hardly ever sustain any momentum. The rotations suck. The offensive sets are stagnant. I don't think George Hill is a PG. We can't defend the pick and roll.
slam_dunk_on_u.::Dejuans looking thinner. I havent seen him at whataburger in a while. Near I-10 and dezavala.
MavsHater4ever::Lakers SUCK!!!!!!!! Paper chumps with a weak coach.   No Phil Jackson=No Championship
ImOldschool1964::haven't heard much from this a.sshole since his Lakers are in the toilet...freakin' loser and the Lakers SUCK!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
nigsjizzer::did he make you his woman
nigsjizzer::the sperms made the pacers their woman
stopherdude::Spurs are the best team that no one is talking about.  But just like every year since Duncan they will win 50 games and be set up well in the playoffs.  Having only missed the playoffs 4 times since joining the NBA.  How is it possible they aren't talked about more?
ImOldschool1964::Horrible Pacer team?  they came 1 game from eliminating the Heat last year....hardly a horrible team.
timmyspursdos::that was last year...they aren't doing too hot this year
Neil826::barely beating a horrible pacer team won't get them much recognition.
howdythere.::SPURS!!
All.Star54321::go vote for the best player in the NBA: http://isportslife.wordpress.com/2012/11/22/discussion-number-1-espn-player-rankings/
hanswagner3::Rondo (right now): 14.0 ppg, 13.3 apg, 4.2 rpg..... .528 FG%  I don't like him, but the assist numbers are beast.
hanswagner3::Sooo.... to any non-trolls out there. Ever play airsoft? I just played it today, such a fun game/sport.
Aaron2285::Mmhh i think pacers thought they were big an bad with that 17 point lead spurs were like that aint $@%! still whooped that $@% SPURS NATION
Kit Ramsey::Pacers had a career year last year, this year, they are who we thought they are, OVERRATED, and it's not going to get any better.
ImOldschool1964::they are missing Granger....
bengalsrgay43034::He is a bulls fan.  He is not intelligent enough to understand things that normal humans can.
hanswagner3::Hibbert could be defended by Nate "Tiny" Archibald.
Rexanilatorz::Least Roy Hibbert gets to face another Center that totally sucks right now(Dwight Howard)
RB888::Haha Pops after-game interview was classic, he was like, "geez, let me get outta here!"
howdythere.::he's so badass
7810Michael::spurs didnt win the pacers gave it away again
ImOldschool1964::typical woosie response...no one "loses a 17 point lead", you got it ripped away from you by a superior team....b.itch!
RB888::waaaaaah
Kit Ramsey::Totally agree. Cry babies.
hanswagner3::For you to think otherwise is pretty lame.
Spursdc::I heard a couple people say trade Manu.hmmm bad idea
ImOldschool1964::WHoever says that is a moron..no matter how slow he starts off we need that guy in the playoffs...he's a game changer.
cooltapes777::lakers reaaly suck
Kit Ramsey::So do the Pacers.
jakeryan210::Spurs !!!!!!
hanswagner3::"Damn... this team sucks. I need to take my 'talents' to South Beach"  -Hibbert
rjb9rc::Also, Hibbert is arguably the reason for the loss...look at those ugly fgm/fga numbers....yeeeeessh
hanswagner3::That's why I put those quotation marks around "talents".
hanswagner3::"NO GO AWAY.... Haslem is WAY better than YOU"  -Lebron, wade, and bosh
NGplayinskillz::That doesn't make sense seeing as he just signed a 4 year contract.
just trolling around::great comeback SPURS, sorry for doubting you
howdythere.::you are the most polite troll ever
robdiaz2191::LOL, spurs had kawhi and jackson out and they still came back to get a win
NameThatScrub::when is ginosebleed going to learn how to speak English?
coyote_2005::If, like Ginobili, you are fluent in 3 languages, people might give a crap about your opinion.  Maybe the problem is your comprehension.
Vaquero In The House::He's from Argentina &amp; his native tongue is Spanish, everyone except you understands what he's says, so stop being prejudice.  I'm sure your forefathers didn't speak English when they came to America either dumb @zz....cry me a river.
AustinBeal::You are a certified troll
rjb9rc::So...the Pacers went farther than the Spurs in the playoffs last year...the Pacers should have won this game, and once they are healthy and Frank Vogel removes the rotation sheet from the blind third grader, Pacers win.
Vaquero In The House::rjb9rc - You're full of it, the Pacers lost in the 2d round while the Spurs were two wins away from a meeting with the Heat.  If you're going to come here &amp; talk trash, get your facts straight, otherwise shut up &amp; sit down.....  NGplayinskillz - you can't predict what would've happened if the Spurs would've met the Heat, but do keep in mind the Spurs did shutdown you're best player in the league when he played with the Cavs.  As I recall it, it was 4 &amp; out, Spurs called it a day earning themselves another championship &amp; banner to hang in the rafters.  Go Spurs Go!
Aaron2285::lolo u mad that spurs veterans kicked pacers $@% pacers with all that confidence for nothing plus they played dirty go stick ur head up your !$@ an smell the %!$@%!$@ pacers %!$@ (:
rjb9rc::I thought the Spurs were swept in the first round?  Was that two years ago?
Paco 99 03 05 07::lost in six to the grizz two years ago, not swept
rjb9rc::Similar rosters, which is usually an indicator.  Also, what might explain that record...hmmm...who was the Pacers leading scorer?  I ....just can't remember.  I'm sure he had a great game tonight
neverzero::Pacers lose in the second Round, Spurs lose in the conference finals...... I"m just not seeing your logic.
NGplayinskillz::Spurs wouldn't have got one win against Miami. Miami is the best team in the league as they are the NBA Champions. No shame in losing to the NBA champions especially since they have the best player in the world on their team.
hanswagner3::Well, actually, the pacers were totally not themselves for the first half (or a little more) of the game... they started choking once they got back their usual selves with the turnovers and missed shots.
BaylorBear2015::Interesting...I didn't know that who went further last year was the only indicator of who was going to win the next year especially considering that 6-8 record.
Paco 99 03 05 07::Also, the Spurs made the conference finals, Pacers didn't
Spursdc::Thought the Spurs would lose, so I decided to troll the Lakers game. I'm having a great day
robdiaz2191::lmfao, i did the same thing on the knicks board
howdythere.::Lakers and Knicks got owned tonight
Kit Ramsey::So did the Pacers.
7810Michael::knicks are coming back to planet earth
NameThatScrub::The Spurs should be contracted from the NBA and put in a FIBA league ro something. Nobody likes to see a bunch of euro-trash
coyote_2005::The Spurs have exactly 3 Euros.  I can send you some flash cards to help you learn how to count.  Or maybe you just need a map of the world.
Vaquero In The House::Europe is where your family came from you dumb piece of $hit!  Need to get educated, visit the ESPN NBA website.  LMFAO
jakeryan210::Hater
howdythere.::lol why you so mad?
AustinBeal::Nice to see the Spurs finish a game strong for once this season. Good game by the Pacers, I hope Danny Granger gets well soon so that hopefully Indiana can dethrone Miami in the East. Go Spurs Go!!!
Kit Ramsey::Please, u guys are overrated, Granger ain't going to help u.
LLindy86::I would say they are overrated right now...not before. They got no recognition until they started beating the good teams like they did last season. They definitely haven't lived up to the hype this year. Even with Granger out they should be better.
ksunxx33::Actually, the only game the spurs have blown this year late is the knicks loss... both clipper losses were just the spurs getting outplayed most of the game..
J webb nation::For once lol Your jokin right. Try watching my bulls at the end of a game  Nate Robinson is our closer lmao
hanswagner3::These pacers have less killer instinct than lebron.... blowing two 17-point leads in the second half fourteen games through the season proves it. Granger was the team and now they'll go nowhere while he's out.
Kit Ramsey::Please, Granger is a mediocre player, the Pacers are overrated, they were lucky last year, they are just not an upper echelon team, period!
nba is the worst::1 ft difference - clearly the refs were blatantly one-sided
AustinBeal::it's weird how when i scroll over nba is the worst's name, it shows that moron slam_dunk_on_u.
hanswagner3::How does your name say "nba is the worst" yet, over half the teams are on your list?
lehmanator123::what a disgusting 4th quarter by the pacers. ugh.
8486Chase::Good luck to the Pacers the rest of the year
junboogie::Thank you thank you thank you Spurs
tiago_1801::spurs were down by 17 (70-53) with 6:53 to go in the 3rd and then they outscored pacers 51-27
NGplayinskillz::The Indiana Pacers looked really good for most of the game. It is still early in the regular season. If the Indiana Pacers can get good without Danny Granger then when he returns the Pacers could make the ECF. Don't get too down Pacer fans the new players still have to gel.
Kit Ramsey::Spare me the excuses Granger is a scrub, u guys wanted to run him outta town, so now he's your savior, lol, please.
J webb nation::Lol Parker torched cp3 all series long last year  Rose Paul Williams rondo Parker is my top pgs
howdythere.::Parker is a boss..i love how he developed that short jumper
Vaquero In The House::Let's not forget his newly acquired 3 point shot that he's put into his game either.
NameThatScrub::If the refs actually enforced the flopping rule against the Spurs than Manu would be in debt.
Vaquero In The House::I must've been watching another game cause I didn't see Ginobilli flop during this game?    So suck me NameThatScrub!
Spursdc::Pretty funny
lol crying about the refs::lol crying about the refs
7810Michael::no way no how the pacers should have lost this game tonite
moneymakinrah::YES SPURS -4.5 WHEW !
nba is the worst::Way to come back Spurs!
taiwandude::very frustrating loss as a Pacers fan we had this until a few bad breaks around the 5 minute mark. Just the way this season has gone so far for us.
looju54::Have to dig through my trash for my spurs -4.5 ticket.
howdythere.::lol
Spursdc::The Pacers were good last year
hanswagner3::The refs are good every year. Hard to beat them.
