Now you know boy::Deron Williams!? As in, D-Will!? That dude still plays in the League?! I thought he was hanging out with Starbury and Adam Morrison somewhere!
taste_teh_reinbo::are nets fans really making fun of the name pelicans? nets is one of the top 5 worst team names ever. Also the nets have been terrible for the last 5+ years and can only regain relevance by moving to brooklyn and having one of the worst payrolls in the league.
NYChe21::I actually like the name Pelicans.  I've already started to use it and people get really confused. lol
Ziggysmalls3::as far as non animal names, "nets" isn't too horrible. the wizards / magic? that just sounds childish lol. and what the heck is an indiana pacer?
ZcribShackle.....::Does anyone know why Rivers plays over Xavier Henry? Henry is a better shooter and better defender. Rivers is a better ball handler, but I think we all know by now he isn't THAT good of a ball handler.
NolaJag::Henry has been terrible this year,  Rivers is improving and actually has played good defense. Rivers means more to the hornets future which is why he's getting minutes.
VincentM515::While Ryan Anderson is certainly an asset, I think the Hornets would be better off playing Davis more and Anderson less.  Davis plays great defense and can score.  Anderson is erratic as a shooter and generally shoots a low percentage and does not play defense. This is especially true when we have a small lead at the end of a game. Monte will leave Davis on the bench with Anderson in.  This most often results in a blown lead and loss.
uconn1511::Hornets fans, obviously Davis was a good pick at 1, but Austin Rivers does not look like a 10 pick to me, are you guys happy with him?
Ucannotbesirius::To think Hornet fans chastised Net fans just a few hours ago. I'll say it again, the Pelicans home record stinks.  We should not and did not need JJ to win that game.
klin121::Anthony Davis only played 21 minutes and took 4 shots, I didn't see the game, can anyone explain this?
_DespicableMe_::He left with a hurt shoulder.  Also, Anderson was the only keeping your team in the game.
VincentM515::Monte Williams often prefers to play Ryan Anderson over Davis because Anderson has a better outside shot.  Forget the defensive skills of Davis, Monte goes with offense EVEN if Anderson is having a poor shooting night.
Cheswick Millinghouse::I'm still laughing at "Pelicans" Boy is that going to be a laugher
_DespicableMe_::Yes.    Anything is better than the Pelicans.   I feel bad for Gordon and Davis wasting away years of their career in that $@%! hole state.       Stern should of fixed the Draft so Brooklyn got the first pick, if he was smart.
VincentM515::Because you are ignorant. Pelican was the name of a minor league baseball team here 50 years ago and it is significant to those who know history and tradition.  Additionally, the Pelican is the state bird. So you think Nets, Wizards, Nuggets or Clippers is a better mascot?
Skippydoo4.0::Nets have more wins than the Knicks
richiemets7::standings
Skippydoo4.0::Sittings...it doesn't matter..they still have more wins
rmc1211::much needed win
richiemets7::nets suck
richiemets7::im a knick fan but went to 2 net games this year
richiemets7::yeah im not a college sports guy either
richiemets7::o yeah im isles too, also brutal but im not talking about last decade im talking about right now
NYChe21::Right now 1 game separates the two teams and the Nets have played 3 more games.
rmc1211::im not too big into college sports, never got into them, however i watch march madness and the bowl games but no particular favorite teams
rmc1211::im yankees jets(sigh) nets and isles (sigh)
Porkchop8920::I'm Giants, Yankees, Nets, Rangers, and for CBB i like UNC because I loved watching Hansbrough. No opinion on CFB
rmc1211::last decade, nets 40+ playoff wins, knicks 1, numbers dont lie
richiemets7::ahhaha its tough being a jet and nets fan
Porkchop8920::I'm a Giants fan... FAIL
richiemets7::and im a knick fan who r better then the nets
KMartKidd56::The Knicks are better than the Nets at being old, I suppose.
KMartKidd56::Lol Mets.  God bless you.
rmc1211::your a mets fan therefore you get no say in anything in the life of sports
KMartKidd56::Double whammy of suckitude.
Porkchop8920::and he's a Jets fan lol
rmc1211::go troll somewhere else @$$plug
KMartKidd56::http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/010/277/genius-meme.png
paulsaad::nets&gt; knicks
Ameero80::Is it me or Brook Lopez sounds like Andrew Luck lol
thevl::Seriously. If Brook is O-14 keep him in the game, with Dray! You will have the offensive advantage... and, maybe the two of them can believe in grabbing rebounds?!?
cShOx::by the way we need the 2 seed!
richiemets7::hahaha get owned NetsMagazine... i respect that cShOx
cShOx::Simply I live in NY, BK to be exact, rep my city but grew up watching and loving the lakers. Problem?   Wait, don't you like the Nets and the Clippers?  And calling me bandwagon?
NetsMagazine8::YOU ARE CLEARLY A BANDWAGON FAN...LOL HOW YOU LIKE BOTH NY TEAMS AND THEN THE LAKERS?? TERRIBLE
cShOx::Big Gme Brooklyn!! Thanks PJ for plying Big Brook in the fourth. He deserved it!
Ameero80::I see I 'm going to have to call up Spreewell for that $@% P.J. ~Marshon Brooks
Dr.Timeline::Trade Gordon for Granger. One simple move.
Porkchop8920::Pacers are happy having Stephenson at SG because he's a great defender. They don't need a SG
Mets2410::Hornets got a solid young team. Vazquez has evolved into a very good PG, Gordon (when healthy) is All-Star caliber, Anthony Davis obviously has great potential, Ryan Anderson's a solid player, and Robin Lopez (while he's no Brook!) is definitely an above-average Center. Nice win Nets good game Hornets fans good luck to the Pelicans.
Ontario925::Sure the Nets are not a great Eastern Conference team like the Heat but they are still better than the Knicks.
159Yanks::We need joe johnson back against Dallas and Chicago. We wont win without them
spcoon::"WTF is wrong with their player conditioning system on all their teams in the last 5-10 years?"  you're a moron. a bruised heel / plantar fasciitis is a wear and tear basketball injury. it has nothing to do with conditioning.
Ontario925::What the hell is wrong with him that is taking Joe Johnson so damn long to come back and play? God these guys are so darn injury prone on the Nets. Dammit can't any NY teams stay a lot healthier like other top teams? They used to 15-20 years ago. WTF is wrong with their player conditioning system on all their teams in the last 5-10 years?
NetsMagazine8::JOE GOT MILD PLANTAR FASCIITIS
Ontario925::I know a loss is a loss and a win is a win but when the Nets have not lost their last two games against the Rockets and Grizzlies the way the Knicks have been blown out in their last games against the Rockets and Grizzlies.
NolaJag::If Austin Rivers can continue to play like he did tonight, he can be a decent role player. Anyone who's watched him this year can see that he can get around his defender, he just can't convert at the rim. Hopefully when he gets a bit bigger, he can start to finish. He had a solid effort tonight though.
Mets2410::Hornets were actually 2.5 point favorites tonight....
27TitlesandCounting::Yes DWill and Brook Lopez are beasts against a team name the Pelicans - ROFL
NYChe21::You had to rely on JR Smith being clutch to beat the Bobcats.  Shhhhhh
mdtuzo::well you have to commend the hornets for playing until the end. gg hornets fans
NolaJag::Good luck in the playoffs, Brooklyn
DevilsCantLose::"Fly Peleecan Fly Come oooon Peleeeeecan!!"
Flingtheball::When they lose what are they then?
Flingtheball::Like if you think I am a Hornets fan...
Flingtheball::Yes.
Mets2410::haha nice
Mets2410::is that a baby picture of andre iguodala?
Flingtheball::Good, thats what I though...
netdawg8::I like the Nets fully healthy. I think their the 3rd best behind Miami and Indy. If Rose is healthy, the Bulls jump them. Nets are a complete team. They're the Eastern Conference's Clippers. Don't think they'll get to the ECF, but a nice team.
DevilsCantLose::Lmao behind INDIANA. The Pacers is garbage man. They got no studs. We would SWEEP them n***as. Nets is the TEAM OF DESTINY. Get used to it
Flingtheball::Once they get their offence in line we are on even ground
NolaJag::This is what i love to see. The team fought hard and came up just short. It was competitive, a learning experience, and we get more ping pong balls.
yank25s::Damn. DevilsCantLose, you're hardcore. Sike.
DevilsCantLose::F*** outta here ur team is garbage and will never be on that BROOKLYN LEVEL. Soft @ss southern boys
NolaJag::I dont know how to respond to such stupidity.
DevilsCantLose::The Nets will get the 2 in the Eastern Conference. Just watch. That means we going to the Eastern Conference Finals most likely.
Flingtheball::I am not a hornets fan.. I am a nets fan...
DevilsCantLose::Ur Just a Hornets Fan who got TOOK FOR A RIDE TONIGHT
NolaJag::......We're a lottery bound team that played competively and lost. It's pretty much a win-win for us.
Flingtheball::No... They have a long way to go chemistry wise
netdawg8::Almost a nice comeback. Oh gosh, Thunder tomorrow in OKC on a back to back without Eric Gordon... This is gonna be ugly.
DevilsCantLose::The Nets are a complete team Deron Williams is an elite PG Brook Lopez is one of the best centers in the NBA Gerald Wallace is a lethal slasher and shooter Joe Johnson is the MONEY MAN and too big and talented to be guarded by any shooting guard Kris Humphries is the ENERGY MAN who makes winning plays Marshon Brooks is the next Kobe in the making Reggie Evans is a f***in gangsta down low
Mets2410::Reggie Evans was 0-4 shooting got blocked all 4 times all from down low
Flingtheball::lol
Flingtheball::We just need to get healthy... Then we will be a complete team...
kyfan2176::man i think you lost your mind
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::wow, brooks the next kobe? pls stop posting
kyfan2176::hornets still in the running to get another high draft pick
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::pelicans will never be good. you thought you found yourself a great center? well, that didnt work out. even drummond is better than davis. have fun being a lottery team until you get a chris paul type of player for another 3-4 years.
NolaJag::Have you watched Davis this season haha? His defense is already good (not great though. it will get better), and his offense is way better than expected. Go back and read the criticisms on Davis during the draft, and you'll see his offensive game is far better than what people predicted.
The Original Brooklyn Dynasty::if the hornets played any defense they could be decent!
YinBallaz::Hornets bumped up 3 pt sliders so hard towards the end HAHA
MafiosoSpaghetti::the slow start killed them
thekola::so.... what's the deal with Joe johnson? Thought they said he was day to day and no big deal and blah blah blah?
spcoon::it's a long season. if he gets plantar fasciitis for real, he's done. better to rest him.
Mets2410::day to day it's tuesday he's been out since like saturday
DevilsCantLose::Nets win! If ya don't know, now ya know... b***H!!!   Nets will take it all
Ameero80::easy there, take a first round exit you mean
GeauxSaints53::gg Nets
Mets2410::Deron you clutch $@%!$@%!$@% Nets win!!! wow great game Hornets you guys really fought back hard
mojart::i think my hornets will lose...but the team never give up...kudos for that
airicad::The Hornets are helping D-Will pad his stats.  LOL
brooklynnets7::D-Will?
mrPR0s::there not that bad
brooklynnets7::Hornets game sliders 0---------------&gt;100
159Yanks::Nets win .
Boyanime::D-Will said Game over
zach33671::Ud be surprised by how many people say that wen they play us
GeauxSaints53::we seriously do this all the time. it's so annoying.
mdtuzo::WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS SORCERY
YinBallaz::This is unbelievable wow
