Mega Burner::s<i></i>hit
bucksbrewers3::ESPN INSIDERS-  could you please get guys on this bogut being delt for "an all star type pg"  that gery woelfel (from the racine journal times) is reporting, which would also include a guy that has better game than a role player type and a pick.  THANKS!!!   im thinking its golden state involving curry.
bucksbrewers3::ERSANITY!!!!!
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love! Bucks to the future!
14lbenson::There gonna be a good team in the future!
stickgril::we are far below 500, not a single ones of those teams deserves to be in the playoffs. The NBA needs to seriously revamp their playoffs. They're a joke and so are we in Milwaukee
EllToy24::ersan is a beast right now!
bucksbrewers3::this is what i dont get from bucks fans.  we get all upset when we finally get a good player but the team deals that player.  Now again we get a good player and fans want him gone.............hypocrites
shaver1028::Question is, should we put him on the trade block?  We sure do not look like contenders right now and could get something in return. Jennings should be on the trading block as well.. He has made it abundantly clear he doesn't want to stick around after his rookie contract is finished that he want to remain here.  His ego is quite inflated. Jackson needs to go.
panther4406::Ersan Ilyasofukinggood
zachrlee::No need to put a "-sanity" suffix to Ersan's name. Ilyasova is the real deal, unlike the overrated hype in New York.
bucksbrewers3::ERSANITY!!!!!!!
milwaukeemonster::ersan is playin like he want to leave da bucks after this year
bucksbrewers3::OR, hes playing cuz its a contract year...........
yorkdoggto::dwight demanded orlando trade for nash, and apparently ther close to a deal.... rest of the league better watch out http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
duke of early bird::and once again jennings proves he is not a point guard!
bucksbrewers3::Need to make that deal for an "all star type pg"  in the bogut trade that is being rumored.  Then deal jennings for picks.
shaver1028::Well said..he is an ego driven younger version of steve jackson
EllToy24::so true, hes lucky to have at least 4 assists in one game
mashingHRs::One of these teams will make it to the NBA Finals
Anti-Stratfordian::Ilyamatic.  That dude thinks he's K.Love.
duke of early bird::he is a small forward, love is a pf!
Malcyon1::Ersan is a PF.
michael 531::Fear the Deer! 1 game down of the Knicks
Federico6646::Surprise of the season.......Ersan Ilyasova? If what they say it's true, after the lockout this guy didn't even want to come back to the States, and now...
Jerlinbetonharvardgames::2ND HALF OVER WAS A STIFF
uwisfan34::Ersanity!!
gt1master_ike::Once ersan comes into teh game, ilitsova
Fahr1005::Ersanity!
TheTristanShow::Love seeing the Cavs, Bucks putting pressure on the Knicks! If the knicks lost to one of the those of those teams for the last spot it would be amazing.
joshuaizme::lol, Bucks are going to knock the Knicks out of that last playoff spot.  Not to say anything bad about Milwaukee, they DESERVE IT! Milwaukee, when healthy would probably be the second best team in their division. Let's face it, Indiana is overachieving and Milwaukee has dealt with injuries all year long.
Malcyon1::Damn, Milwaukee lucked out with that Ersan kid.  He's probably going to win the MIP.
uwisfan34::They didn't really luck out with him, they just stuck with him and let him develop because they didn't have anyone else.  He has always shown flashes and potential.  With Bogut and Jackson out and less focus on Delfino he has had a real chance to shine.
aaron-rodgers-ballbag::when is illi going to start getting some love
uwisfan34::Never, Illinois is the armpit of America, after Indiana that is!
Pimpin_In_NY::That missed free throw cost me 700.00 (2nd half over). Stressed the hell out now.
badguy40::maybe you should work a real job instead of betting then
gri400::they may have still lost but the raps played a much better game tonight then they did last night against the pistons. Gotta take the positive with the negative i guess...
Dane Kitazaki::get that 8 seed bucks
neymar079::never bet toronto
Dane Kitazaki::Next Dallas game, take them
Dane Kitazaki::aww man Mil has more to play for.
gri400::or on losing teams in general
Susan_Reeve427981::Milwaukee Bucks vs. Toronto Raptors   found a site to help with your picking:   http://bit.ly/wfymEs
david98777::Bucks only 1 game back of new york but are ranked 28th in Steins power rankings. the bucks are the most underrated team in the nba.
WiscoMase23::yeah that was before the wins against philly and new york though. they will be like 21 next week
badger0130::WOO HOOO 21 BABY!
badger0130::You never know what you're gonna get out of the Bucks
gri400::who puts any stock into power rankings? look at the standings and see how your team is doing, better then anyone elses rankings
gri400::bayless was solid tonight but I really hope jose gets better soon, his injury is not major but he plays just a big a part of this team as bargs does
JoeyDorsey4MVP::The refs beat the raptors again! 14 more free throw attempts for the bucks = Refs win!
rapshow19::F THE BUCKS&lt; AND F THE REFS
badguy40::wahh wahh cries the baby
Edward4515::Rapotrs commited 30 fouls so no surprise.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::You mean the refs called 30 fouls on the Raptors!
Goon5832::You mad lol
badger0130::1 Game behind New York!  Sadly, Cleveland is right with us
buckspackers23::They're gonna win tonight again. We have them at the BC on Wednesday
gri400::well thats game now
Goon5832::Jennings played horrible today surpised we won wow
gri400::you can thank Ilyasova for that, he was sick to watch tonight
The Great Sabu::Jennings plays awful everyday, because he's an awful basketball player.
rapfan73::raps with a three can make it a game
Mooch1122::mother $@%!$@% die toronto u fu ckin bums
damon0614::Now make your ft's
buckspackers23::32,26,31: Last three games for Ersan Ilyasova.
Mooch1122::fu ck u toronto u fu cking bums. you will never have a winninjg season u scrubs. go to hell $@%!$@%
gri400::is somebody mad?
damon0614::One stop here and its ballgame
gilreath1234::Charge!! Ha
damon0614::dont think I have ever seen a guard worse than Jennings
-FEARTHEDEER-::idiots ^^
macyjacob::udrih, cant stand watching that guy.
damon0614::Whew Now go to dunleavy in post
damon0614::My God Jennings
badger0130::He's gotta stop being our "closer"
buckspackers23::He has no confidence tonight.
The Great Sabu::NBA officials have 0 integrity.  You can't seriously call that foul on Bayless, he didn't even touch him until after Jennings had landed.
damon0614::Please Bucks hang on Please
buckspackers23::They should just purposefully foul ed davis
gri400::maybe the raps can do the same to Jennings :)
buckspackers23::Haha. He's averaging almost 25 points in march, shooting well. But he's only shooting like 72% from the line.
buckspackers23::Wow Jennings. You can't make free throws...
damon0614::why cant guys make ft's
tajs mahall::good game
