Cyril::You can see how much Al Horford means to the Hawks when you look at Korver's stats before and after his injury.  Since Al went down, Korver has only hit double-digit scoring once in six games and is just 8/28 on three's in that time. Horford is one of the most underrated players in the league because he does things that don't show up in the stat sheet, and his ball movement is top-notch for a center. Now everyone on the Hawks is standing around on the perimeter and Korver can't get the spacing he needs.
Ken::5th win in seven game for the Bulls, and the defense delivers again.   Let's go for three in a row vs. Phoenix on Tuesday night.
MrBig::Bulls beat a good Atlanta seed missing 2 all-stars in D. Rose and Boozer.  When this team is  healthy, nobody beats them in 7 games. What an unbelievable team.  People write off the Bulls, even with they lost Deng, Rose and Butler to injuries.  Let's see how the Heat play without Lebron, Wade and Bosh.  Without them, they're a 19 win team.
MrBig::Bulls are the #1 seed with Derrick rose and the rest of their starters. But, with Thibs, this team will always be injury-prone with the #1 defense in the league.  It's unfortunate...because, this team can beat the Heat or Pacers (already have this year) even with a few injuries.
Dana::Oops, both indicates only two concepts, not three. My bad.
Dana::Brett, Your comment illustrates your age. You must not be old enough to know the differences between todays game and MJ's era. With no disrespect to Lebron, as he is very talented, but fouls were fouls. There were no flops, no ticky-tack fouls. You drove the lane and you took your lumps, day in and day out. MJ played with finesse, skill. and passion. Lebron plays with brawn and skill and complains w/out a foul on a miss, MJ stayed  focused on game and got back on defense. One on one, no one can truly say. One must compare many aspects of both the players, their teams, and the changes in the game itself. I tilt my hand to MJ. Again, Lebron is a very good  player, just a different style of player.
PKM::Go Warriors!
donald::Dunleavy rises above all of the obstacles and continues to lead the Bulls with his play.
Paul::Noah rebound score
Larry::Without Horford, the Hawks aren't much.... result not surprising.
