Andy P Kordyban::Thumbs up if you are glad the Pacers lost and think they suck
Scott Hall::LOL. A Braves fan too.
Andy P Kordyban::2 inducted into the Hall today! BOO YA! Meanwhile the PED using phaggit McGuire will never get in ROFLMAO
Scott Hall::Andy P Kordyban I could care less about HOF inductees. World series is what matters. Maybe you can see who has more HOF players. The Braves or Cards. LOL
Yinan Chen::I think Miami will still have the #1 seed come playoff time, not indiana.
George Jimas::Indy is better than miami because i say so. theyre one game ahead of miami at the beginning of january, so they are the best team in the league. paul george is the mvp. hibbert is the best center in the league. we only lost tonight because we were missing lance stephenson. when miami loses without wade and bosh its because lebron sucks, not because they were out of the game. wade and bosh suck when miami loses, but when miami wins they are both superstars and its unfair. we only lose to miami because of the refs. we brought miami to 7 games last year, so we are the best in the league.  -indy fans
Scott Hall::I have been a Lebron fan since his college days  --Heat fans
George Jimas::Scott Hall oh no. you got me good there.
Zach Dixon::haha nice scott. by the way the pacers are better then the heat in my opinion.
Alan Ogg::HAHAHAH pacer fans were you at 'fans'?? lmao
Scott Hall::Here. Unlike you after Miami losses
Alan Ogg::Scott Hall is it just a 'regular season game' cuz they lost? lmao to the hawks man. HAWKS..
Roy D Mercer::pacers fans are mad
Scott Hall::Why would fans of the team with the best record in basketball be mad?
Jose Klatter::Scott Hall Enjoy while it lasts.
Scott Hall::Jose Klatter I do. Thanks. Tell your skank to pull her shirt up
Ed DeSalle::UH OH Heat only 1 game back on the wannabee NEVER WON an NBA title Pacers! LMAO!
Jody George Prats::Pacers are scrubs.  Heat are Champs!.....Best team ever
Marcleen Bavogui::scrubs  28-7 says otherwise
Ed DeSalle::Pacrs are CRAP! Heat will THRASH them again come playoff time! Yo De Lay Hee Hoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!
Scott Hall::LOL Heat
Andy P Kordyban::Scott Hall was used as a soccer ball by his parents when he was a baby.... GGGGOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL!
Scott Hall::Oh good one!!
Andy P Kordyban::Your dad thought he was Pele! G - G - G - G - G OOOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLL!
Scott Hall::Andy P Kordyban ZING!!
Andy P Kordyban::If Scott Hall were any dumber he would need to be watered twice a week.
Scott Hall::Does that one go over pretty well at your 8th grade dance?
Alan Ogg::he gets pee don
Scott Hall::Alan Ogg who is don?
Steven Rivera::Scott Hall lay of the meds bro
Scott Hall::Tell me again how Melo is at the tops of + -. I like that story
Jay Zee::Steven Rivera lighten up...rooting for their team is new to bandwagon Pacer fans like Scott Hall.  Here is proof of that just one example:  http://probasketballtalk.nbcsports.com/2013/03/16/pacers-hill-not-happy-with-lack-of-fan-support-in-game-versus-the-lakers/
Scott Hall::Jay Zee I have been a Pacer fan since the 70s bud. Nice pull up of a story from over a year ago though. Here is something for you to do. Tell me what year Jordan came to chicago off these stats. http://basketballreference.com/teams/teamatt.htm?tm=chi&lg=N
Don Simpson::Pacers have enjoyed their soft schedule and beat up on most of the really bad teams they've played. Unless George is scoring 30+ points the Pacers struggle against the better teams. Many times their perimeter game is laughable. Where was Hibbert?
Scott Hall::Actually they have played the most back to back than any other team. Not sure why you think its is "soft"
Eric Weiss::So when do we get to start talking about how Indiana will lose in the first round? Seems that's all Pacer fans can rant about after the Heat lose a game.
Scott Hall::Never been on a Heat board. Couldn't tell ya. Feel free to troll though if ya want.
Doug Coleman::Eric, I wanna know what happens if Indiana does not get home court throughout the playoffs. The Pacer fans seem to think that if they do, they are going to the Finals. Its as if they need homecourt to have a chance at beating Miami. SMH
Scott Hall::Doug Coleman So Doug, you dont think Home court is an advantage?
Igor Yank::2 pts 4 rebounds for hibbert. nice one roy
Scott Hall::He hasnt played fool
Igor Yank::that's odd. it says 23 minutes next to his name in the box score
Marcleen Bavogui::Igor Yank hahahahaha
Barret Mielke::The Pacers own the refs. They have shot more undeserved free throws on three pointers than their combined IQ. Have you ever listened to Hibbert talk? Conjures up images of Lenny from "Of Mice and Men".
Scott Hall::Somebody steal your candy? You are awful cranky
Andy P Kordyban::The Pacers left it all out on the floor last night and somehow came away with a win against the world class Raptors. Easily the Pacers best win of the year. Can't blame them for having nothing left in this game.
Al Sotowitz::That  lead the Pacers started the year with has pretty much disappeared.  Almost.
Marcleen Bavogui::what lead? the biggest lead they had over miami was 3
Dave Iredale::lance Stephenson would of been nice tonight!!!    cmon pacers
Andy P Kordyban::Pacers are garbage. They will get swept by the Knicks in the 1st round.
Scott Hall::LOL Packers
Taylor Manes::Pacers losing to the hawks? Is this real life?
Marcleen Bavogui::losing is one thing betting blown out by 25 is bad
Daniel Stewart::You must not know the Pacers' history in Atlanta..
Scott Hall::Daniel Stewart Hes the idiot who thought they only lost to the Bulls all year
Edward Mattich::now now now how can ya shoot 25%and blame refs
Scott Hall::Who is blaming the refs?
Corey Pyle::They've beat themselves until they hit the ground. The refs came along every few minutes with a kick to the ribs to make sure.
Jody George Prats::Forrest Gump > Roy Hibbert
Scott Hall::Roy Hibbert > any big man on Heat
Wilson Rojas Sr.::Scott Hall You ate a lot of sour grapes tonight! on everyone's posts, lol... Hibbert hasn't meant nothing in the playoffs vs Heat the past 2 seasons.
Brian Davy::Lebron James >anyone n the NBA
Tony Hartmann::Huge win for the Hawks!
Noah Peart::8==D ~~ pacers
Peter Vrouhas::My predictions for the Pacers season, looks like its happening earlier than first predicted. Historically, the Pacers have gone into a injury plagued death spiral just before the Allstar break. Right now there is only "one game of separation" for first place seeding in the East, between Indiana and Miami. This time last year, the Miami Heat pulled away in the standings, with their 27 game winning streak. Right now, it's looking very likely that Lebron James and company are just begining their seasonal peak, and will never look back.
