R Bond::Just wondering who the league is going to hold out of the OKC line-up on Saturday to assure a better chance at a Spur's victory!
threetimechamp210::Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go! Go Spurs Go!
401MacK::Duncan looks just like he did 10 years ago... ZZZzzzZZZzzz get some charisma chump!
scottiepippenicecream::stern screw'd this team BIG TIME!
rlee7seven::NOH are the new Clippers. You are the new punchline. Ever since Stern cut Dell's balls off, you've been the horrible team everyone expected.
CRUZJ1990::anyone know when manu is coming back
NOVABuffalo::12-7 w/o Manu, looking forward to his return and the team getting even better!  Pop has to learn to trust the younger players - perhaps more  growth during rodeo trip.  If you were watching the Spurs 10 years ago, you might recall Pop didn't wish to trust Parker then as well, but learned to live with "youthful mistakes"
NeeehNoooh::expected to miss 6-8 weeks valentine's day will be 6 weeks already you best believe he will be back at least until all star break is over i think closer to 8 weeks even though he may be fully recovered pop is usually very cautious about returns from injury i predict after 9 road trip, he will be seeing limited mins during the spurs home stand so i say march 2 to 5 by march 12 he will be back to full playing time.
Dr_Evil_813::Spurs just TCB...continuing their march towards the real season.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Txboy12345::What happened to the 200-10 score the Hornet Fans said it would be?
NoLa_D_504::u do realize that Gordon and Jack werent playing right? And they are choosing not to play kaman also...thats 3 legit guys OUT
namakris::Neither was Manu, and TJ Ford for the Spurs..... Stupid@$s!!!
Trace2010::He still thinks there is an extra zero missing from his team's score.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs win over Hornets, check.
playinaround2::Nice tidy 22 minutes from Duncan.
Trace2010::Liked Pop's willingness to finish the game with Duncan and Tiago on the floor at the same time.  Parker, Neal, and Green in the mix.  Ginobili will probably replace Neal at the 2 (unless straight offense is needed) and Leonard can be a good situational combo forward.
notroyhibbert::thank you for listening
notroyhibbert::i can only hope
notroyhibbert::lasting forever
notroyhibbert::and keep it as a still frame in time
notroyhibbert::maybe we can do that again
notroyhibbert::when we walked hand in hand in the moonlight
notroyhibbert::before the drink got a hold of him
notroyhibbert::maybe roy will be there
notroyhibbert::if im ready to forgive him yet
Spursdc::Game over roy. Go to bed
notroyhibbert::i dont know if im ready to see him
notroyhibbert::or maybe not
notroyhibbert::from that 37 year long business trip
5thRing2011::Old wise guys +Young talent=1 for the thumb...... GO SPURS GO
notroyhibbert::maybe daddy will finally come home
notroyhibbert::skip rocks along the creek
notroyhibbert::i just wanna go back to mama
notroyhibbert::as for me, i dont know what lies beyond my life
notroyhibbert::ask one of those pretty angels to be his wife
notroyhibbert::maybe he can take it to heaven
notroyhibbert::i think ill bury it with him
notroyhibbert::but he just doesnt have the courage
notroyhibbert::i know the doctor wants to ask me to marry him
notroyhibbert::i saw the ring
notroyhibbert::i dont think it would work
notroyhibbert::not attractive, socially akward
Spurzoffury::Notroy must like to hear himself talk, cuz' everyone else could care less!
notroyhibbert::i dont know if he could satisfy me in any way
notroyhibbert::but he was not as big as roy
Trace2010::GO SPURS!  OKC, then time for our road trip!
notroyhibbert::sure ill admit i have snuck a peak
Spursdc::what?
notroyhibbert::i have even begun bathing him
KeMvP277::LOL the hornets are such a joke. damn, top 5 draft pick coming our way.
thewolf1616::not with the wolves pick :D
5thRing2011::GO SPURS GO!!!!!
thewolf1616::go wolves go!!!!!!!!
neymar079::good work spurs are a good team to bet
thewolf1616::nah twolves own you
thewolf1616::$@%! noto
notroyhibbert::i make all his meals, get him the paper
notroyhibbert::i guess i will be happy filling in as the substitute wife/mother of the doctor
notroyhibbert::but i wasnt the ugliest either
notroyhibbert::sure, i was never the belle of the ball
Spurzoffury::Bell of the Ball? More like Balls of the bell!
notroyhibbert::i mean, roy was my first and only
