otownmagic4life::Griz winning the West
MemphisUTBorn::Memphis can give teams like OKC, LAL or LAC, and spurs some trouble. Heat vs Grizzlies NBA FINALS!
MemphisSwag::Whoa there Nelly.Lets get out of the 1st round and then start talking about that.Memphis has a curse on it and we dont know if it has been lifted yet.
tennesseejam80::i went to the game tonight... For 3 quarters, neither team's defense played like this was a must win game... The grizz turned it on in the 4th.... The playoffs should be exciting again this year if we continue to get everyone healthy and play like we have been playing!
scottthomas1965::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
imakeumoneyforfree2::6 straight winning days!! just on fire and im doing it for free !!!! check this out......http://frankwhitesportsny.blogspot.com/  every play posted and verified i dont just say like scumbag handicappers claim on here ! i prove it ! p2p4u spread the word !
Thomas7158::Covered the spread; Good Job Jazz
Jason_ninenine::Lol.. I remember two weeks ago some delusional Jazz fan was saying they would get the 3rd seed in the West. Enjoy your lottery pick.
KeithDTN::Grizzly Bears are playing awesome and it may come down between the Bears vs Spurs or Thunder in the Western Conference Finals
balltillifall_88::who are the grizzly bears? lol jk
KeithDTN::Yes, I dont think too many Jazz fans will be asking for Mayo on their sandwiches anytime soon.  Mayo shot lights out against the Jazz and led them to victory tonight.  Maybe now is the time the Jazz give New Orleans back their name.  What Jazz is played in Utah anyway.  Maybe change Utah's name to the Utah Whiteys... lol
jg181837::If the grizz change their name it should be the Memphis blues
To many LeBron trolls::What does Memphis have to do with Grizzlies? Memphis should be called the Memphis white supremists.
emthomasjr::Memphis is a majority-minority city and we do have a Grizzly bear or two at the zoo.  LOL.
4thhorsemanpale::Playoffs hopes slipping away game by game. The light is almost out.
WatEvasCleva24::Seems like Jazz dont want to make it to the playoffs
KeithDTN::Well the Jazz play great one night and the next night play like a team that does not want to make the playoffs.  Your front office needs a good kick in the pants for letting the best PG in the league go to the Nets.
tatatatyler::Keith, he was going to go.  We at least got something out of him and aren't left out to dry like Cleveland.
balltillifall_88::im a grizzlies fan. but to the jazz's defense, they played great for 3 quarters. we just shut them down in the fourth like the grindhouse is known to do :)
zprince3::Paul Millsap does.  And Devin Harris did tonight.  And Al Jefferson does so long as he doesn't have to be burdened with worrying about that stupid thing they call defense.
emthomasjr::Look at Mike Conley's history; it's talent + mental preparation + being put in a position to excel.  Obviously he doesn't lack talent so it has to be a combination of the other two.  Plus he has had nagging injures for a few years and that affects your confidence.
balltillifall_88::lol i bet it is. it seemed to start when he got traded from the nets. but you would think he would be happy because the jazz are a better team than the nets. who knows.
zprince3::Nobody really knows what goes on inside of Devin's head.  It's very frustrating for Jazz fans.
balltillifall_88::im a grizzlies fan, but i dont understand why harris doesnt play like this more often. he has the potential to do this every night.
tbest23::The Grizz will need the fatman to recover to have any chance whatsoever...
emthomasjr::Any chance at the Finals or the title, yes, but even now we're a tough out.
Grizzfanmt::lets c how u matchup against tht "fatman"
balltillifall_88::lol so true. z-bo's size is what makes him such a beast on the boards though. nothin to knock. grit and grind!!
knight_rider_2002::Grit n Grind forever............Its all we know in Memphis
KeithDTN::Yes.  Memphis is a great basketbal city.  Who knows, with things going our way at the right time, we should make a deep run into the playoffs.  Signature win of the season was beating the Heat on their floor last week.  The Heat play so well at home too and we simply took it to them and led wire to wire.
balltillifall_88::i heard the other day (might not still be true) that we were the only team to win in miami AND in okc this season.
THE TEEGEMAN::WOW, WHAT A SHOCKER...JAZZ LOSE!  MILLSAP AND JEFFERSON NEED TO GET TRADED TO A TEAM THAT WOULD COMPLIMENT THEIR SKILLS AND TALENT...BETTER IDEA..WHY DONT THEY TRADE HAYWARD AND WATSON...DONT NEED THOSE TWO WANNABES...AND MAYBE TINSLEY AND HOWARD...TRADE ALL FIVE OF THEM AND GIVE UP A COUPLE OF DRAFT PICKS...HEY GET LAMAR ODOM TO COME PLAY FOR THE JAZZ
Eric62748::you obviously can't count. you said we should trade all 5 of them....you have mentioned 6 players.
Armen Tamzarian::Jazz lose another "must win" game. I'm starting to feel like a Cubs fan. There's always next year.
lehmanator123::it nice for memphis to be relevant. good for the fans.
MemphisSwag::All I have to say is when the Cowboys came to town and it was a real home ame for them then Titans said screw Memphis.Oh yea and everybody was a Titan fan the next year.
Clobbersaurus01::Except for that little demand of Bud Adams' that the city of Memphis pay transportation costs between Nashville and Memphis when they played at the Liberty Bowl, without by the way, doing any community outreach to earn fans there.  "Gimmegimmegimme."
KeithDTN::hehe... So many fans in Memphis hate the Titans, but it;s not the Titans fault.  Several times Memphis thought they were getting an NFL team only to be looked over at the last minute.
knight_rider_2002::yea considering it might be a while before the Colts are relevant again
balltillifall_88::wow, you jazz fans are sore losers. but anyway, great game for the grizz tonight. way to grit and grind and pull it out, like we have so many times before. which leads me to my next question. and its one i have been asking for over a year. why do the majority of grizz fans want mayo out of memphis? i dont get it. him and rudy have been our most clutch players all season long. juice has won us alot of games this year. i hope we can keep him next season.
broncsroxnuggs::Last year the jazz sucked .This year the jazz sucked .Next year the jazz will______________???? You guessed it, SUCK!!!
n8n8n888::Next year the jazz will______________?  You guessed it - beat the Nuggets again.
Eric62748::just like they did a couple years ago to....you guessed it THE JAZZ! The Jazz clearly have the better franchise.
n8n8n888::The Nuggets will lose in the first round.  Enjoy!
broncsroxnuggs::And not make the playoffs and the NUGGETS WILL
scow79::I did not guess that Sir.   You know what happens when you assume don't you?
My Dick Is In A Mouth.::dick
n8n8n888::Yet you are still here.  Not sure why a kid would so desperately troll a team that "sucks."
yograndma821::dude im not even a jazz fan, but think about how much hayward improved this season and he'll probably continue to improve and burks is bound to improve along with favors and kanter they'll be a playoff team next year
KeithDTN::Lots of 12 year olds on tonight on these chat boards.  It's so much nicer during the week when school is in to chat on here about the games..
zprince3::If Hayward, Burks, Favors, and Kanter improve, they'll just leave.  What's the point anymore?
THE TEEGEMAN::HEYWARD IMPROVE...ARE U WATCH THE SAME GUY I AM...I DONT SEE ANY IMPROVEMENT...NONE!
broncsroxnuggs::Troll?How old are you? 12?
scow79::Danger!   You're trying to use logic on a troll.   Danger!
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Like and support the official LeBron MVP page. With videos and picture crowning the king as this year's MVP http://www.facebook.com/NbaMvp2012
Utah_Dirtbiker::Good game, and good luck in the playoffs Grizzlies fans.
yograndma821::question for jazz fans on 2012 nba draft would you do this? 9, 14 haris,  for rondo(might have to add kanter) Jefferson, milsap for noah and first round pick Chicago 1st round pick and jazz 2nd round pick next year for 15-20 range first round pick next year starting lineup rondo burks hayward favors noah  and a mid first round pick in a deep draft to add depth
zprince3::I hate Rondo and Millsap is the heart of this team.  NO.
Armen Tamzarian::No, Rondo is D Will but more surly, and Noah has no offensive game.
Utah_Dirtbiker::I like Rondo, but getting him would not be worth 9, 14 and Kanter.  Jefferson and Millsap for Noah and a Bulls 1st rounder isn't worth it.
balltillifall_88::well im not sayin hes elite or anything. just a really good player. gasol played great defense on him tonight and he was still scoring. but the point i was trying to make is that if i was a jazz fan, there is NO WAY IN HELL i would give up jefferson and milsap for noah and a pick. no way.
yograndma821::yeah i always thought jefferson was great, but from what i've heard from the jazz fans this season he really isn't(warriors fan who needs to live vicariously through a team with potential)
n8n8n888::Gotcha, and I agree.
scow79::I was responding to the Grizzlies fans comment on how Jefferson is amazing.   lol
n8n8n888::Rebounding?  Not sure what rebounding has to do with the point guard position.  A team is in trouble if it depends on the point guard getting rebounds.
scow79::No he's really not.   He seems like it until he's on your team.   He's possibly the worst PnR defender in the league, and the guy is awful at rebounding.
n8n8n888::I like Rondo's game.  I'm just not convinced he's the best fit for the Jazz.  He would instantly make this a better defensive team though.
balltillifall_88::im a grizzlies fan.. but jefferson is an amazing player.
scow79::Rondo would work wonders with Favors.   Favors desperately needs a PG exactly like Rondo to play with.
yograndma821::rondo is the best passer in the league and 2nd best defensive PG and a very capable scorer.  He's starting to need to score since the celtics are aging plus hayward and burks are very capable scorers and he should help them develop
n8n8n888::Rondo is good for Boston b/c he doesn't need to score.  The Jazz need someone at the point who can hit some shots, ergo not Rondo.  Also, IMO Paul, DWill, Rose, Nash, Parker, Westbrook are all better than Rondo.
yograndma821::rondo is arguably the best PG in the league...or at last top 4 Jefferson is really overrated, but yeah maybe jefferson and a 2nd round pick rather than milsap
n8n8n888::Not sure what happened.  The Jazz looked like they had put it all together, and had the makings of a possible postseason run.  Not sure what happened, but this season is now over.
Jason_ninenine::The Jazz just suck. It's that simple
zprince3::The Miles injury helped us.  And the injuries gave more experience to our young guys.
Utah_Dirtbiker::I don't like making excuses, but I think the injuries are hurting the Jazz right now. Miles, Howard, Watson, Bell and even Evans all being injured isn't helping. Kevin O'Connor will be making some good moves for the Jazz in the off-season.
yograndma821::now you guys still get minnys first round pick though
zprince3::No, we don't get their pick, we just get to keep our pick, which is the worst lottery pick.  And we lose Golden State's.  We're screwed.
n8n8n888::I hope you're right.  We'll see.
yograndma821::not in this draft and next year you'll probably make the playoffs
n8n8n888::Getting a first round pick is very small consolation for missing the playoffs.
CalaisYaY::memphis goin show the west what's up
To many LeBron trolls::Until they lose.
balltillifall_88::to who? just curious.
killeryams1779::FREE.....FREE FALLING.....
trentjbelnap::Jazz can't guard the perimeter to save their lives.  Have you ever noticed that their opponents always have great 3-point shooting nights against them?  It drives me crazy.
zprince3::They can't stop penetration either.
ummmyak::damn..did you guys here about jeremy lin: http://sportales.com/basketball/jeremy-lin/
georger lives::Sorry Jazz fan, Houston is obviously will be a better team over the course of 66 games.  Cheers on your fluke win but it doesn't appear to mean anything.
zprince3::Sorry UtahDirtbiker, but the playoff race is over.  But yes, at least we did beat Houston.  It's not so much the Rockets I hate, I think it's their fans and the memories of McGrady.
Eric62748::i disagree...jazz would win 10 of 10
georger lives::Don't be so sensitive to all our fan base.  Most of our fans like yours.  It's your dirty teams of the Malone/Stockton years we all dislike.  Oh, and all the Utah fans thinking their team is better because you had a more recognizable name on paper and ignored the on court play across the league.  I'm very confident we'd win 6-7 out of 10 against your team if these two teams played with no bearing on the season, 6-7at least.  You were lucky the Rockets were uncharacteristically off on wide open shots your defense could not prevent and that your team was grasping for it's playoff lives.
Utah_Dirtbiker::You still mad because the Jazz won the season series with you? LMAO. I guess you can feel relieved they won't face the Jazz the rest of this season....And also the playoff race isn't over yet....
georger lives::Hey Utah fan, how doesn't Houston's $@% taste... I only care about things that matter and your fluke wins are one of those things.  Bottomline, we have a deeper/better team than yours and the season has shown this.
To many LeBron trolls::Just hurts Houston.
Brandon Buckets::Rudy Gay is so straight he has to make his last name Gay to balance it out...
broncsroxnuggs::lmao at people that live in UTAH trying to make fun of other states.
Utah_Dirtbiker::LMAO at trolls like broncsroxnuggs who are pissed because the Jazz owned their team this year.......
To many LeBron trolls::You live in Colorado haha.
mojorisin92::Colorado is  now like Amsterdam on 4/20...wouldn't mind living in that area at all
n8n8n888::Yeah, the state w/the most National Parks outside of Alaska and California, great skiing, all sorts of outdoor activities.  Sure, it's a real bummer to live here in Utah.  Broncsroxnuggs doesn't even think before typing.
utclindsay::Who would the Grizz rather play in the playoffs? Fakers or Clippers??
tds2n::clippers. bynum is better than griffin . IMO.
Dominic10002::Good job Grizz!!!
MettaWho2::Battle of the redneck states
n8n8n888::Redneck?  Newsflash - Utah isn't in the south dude.  Check your geography.
gotigersmemphis87::There are rednecks all over the country bro. I currently live in northern California and there are more rednecks here than in my hometown in Tennessee
To many LeBron trolls::Where do you live? You live in Mexico I mean California?
Brewer4Prez::I guess when cali teams play it is the battle of the $@%! burgulars.
scow79::I think Mexico has a better economy than broke $@% California
dancedance65::Playoff hockey occupying most of my time these days, but I needed to drop by and give some props to my Grizzlies for another good win. Seven straight at home, the Grind House is gonna be rockin' come playoff time!
Sports fan 26::First round for Denver if they make the playoffs, lose 0-4 to San Antonio or OKC.
scow79::I'm pretty sure Kosta Koufas will go off in one of those games.   I'm going 4-1 in either series.   Believe in the Doufas Koufas
broncsroxnuggs::Lmao at the jazz fans using injuries as an excuse on why the jazz are sorry
supraman23::Denver was supposed to be a championship darkhorse this year. What happened?
scow79::Reality struck
Sports fan 26::They suck thats what happened.
broncsroxnuggs::lol WHO IN THE HELL SAID THAT
scow79::Now what's Denver's excuse?
scow79::8th seed doesn't mean your team is good.   Sorry.   Now what's Denver's excuse?
Sports fan 26::Big maybe
broncsroxnuggs::dont need one, going to the playoffs
utclindsay::and Phoenix continues to give the Spurs a hard time...yawn...
kylejox::This is what was playing in the Grizz locker room at halftime  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yym2nPAFimU
broncsroxnuggs::Like this if you think SCOW looks like a child molestor
scow79::It's not me smart guy.   It's Karl Pilkington.
scow79::Thanks for proving my point
scow79::I don't expect, with your limited intelligence, you know who that is.
broncsroxnuggs::whos that SOME MORMON?
Sports fan 26::You liked your own post? Unicorns, Thuggets and Mountains will always suck!
utclindsay::Up next...The Grizz will trounce New Orleans!!!
cincy132002::Everyone trounces NO
scow79::Utah doesn't.   Gordon seems to make a big difference.   Crazy huh?
broncsroxnuggs::Again Jazz fans Ive said it before and I will say it again. DONT BREAK YOUR NECK LOOKING UP AT THE STANDINGS AND SEEING THE DENVER NUGGETS ABOVE YOU
supraman23::The Jazz have owned the Nuggets since the beginning of time. Let the small group of fans they have enjoy their moment in the playoffs for once.
scow79::All the way up to the 8th spot.  lol   I can't believe an 8th seed fan is talking trash
scow79::And why would anyone break their necks looking up?
Sports fan 26::Yeah pretty sad.
Sports fan 26::Do you have 4 injured players?
broncsroxnuggs::ACTUALLY yah the nuggets do. lead the league in games missed due to injury as well as different starting 5s this season. NEXT
broncsroxnuggs::LETS GO NUGGETS!!!!!!!!!
scow79::Let's go Nuggets!!!   Let's go earn a broomstick in the first round!!!
broncsroxnuggs::You look like a child molestor
Sports fan 26::Nuggets suck
royboy1978::Trolls can end those butt jokes cause the Grizzlies won!!!!!!!!!!
kylejox::I'm as consistent as Coach Hollins. He'll be in their butts and I'll be here next game.
kylejox::I hope so. I told u guys earlier, I bet on them to win the whole thing at a 30/1 shot. It's the only reason I was on this board to start with
gotigersmemphis87::And the Grizz will win again. Thanks
broncsroxnuggs::with the nuggets not even playing tonight and the jazz getting beat and the suns getting rolled this is like TWO wins for the nuggets
Jan Itor1::you're really looking forward to that first round exit again huh? lol
Sports fan 26::And the Broncos, Nuggets and Rockies will always suck.
Jan Itor1::lol we'll see
broncsroxnuggs::and you will continue too miss the playoffs AGAIN NEXT YEAR
Jan Itor1::ok you get kicked out of the first round, get no better next season, and remain at the middle of the Conf. never getting better players... and in 2-3 seasons when the Thuggets are at the bottom of the division you can be happy knowing you got to the playoffs the season before lol
Sports fan 26::Jazz will get two lottery picks not bad. Plus the Jazz have like 4 players injured.
broncsroxnuggs::your really looking forward to the lottery and watching the nuggets in the first round
Sports fan 26::Until Denver loses tomorrow and Monday against Houston.
Sports fan 26::Denver will lose both
broncsroxnuggs::Thats what your hoping for lmao
kylejox::Isn't it like a half a win, cuz that's what the standings will say.
rharder444::By the way Phoenix is really giving the Spurs all they can handle...
utclindsay::lol funny!!
utclindsay::The Grizz grinded when their butts depended on it!!!!!
broncsroxnuggs::NUGGETS BABY.
Jan Itor1::yes the Thuggets are babies, what's your point?
rharder444::It would be nice if the Griz could get the 4 seed.
rharder444::Yeah but the freakin' Clippers won tonight too.
Benjamayne::or the 3
Jason_ninenine::lol! good luck with that
.Strugglin.Runt::2 Lottery picks &gt; getting swept in the first round anyway
royboy1978::GRIT N MOTHERFU(KING GRND GRIZZ!!!!!!!!!!
phunky58::Rudy Gay once again best player on the floor, im beginning to sound like a broken record.
cincy132002::Mayo, Gasol, and Randolph are all better than Gay
