sportsfan708::im the last one to leave a comment, and no one will see it!
elibird123::I saw it. Opps! You're no longer the last.
edelspot::Kobe once fired 3 shots at a burglar. He took out a lamp, a vase, and the cat. The burglar remains at large.
AIadvocate::Not to mention he was terrible against Detroit just the night before.
AIadvocate::Around the Horn and PTI both failed to mention NOT ONCE OR NOT ONE PANELIST mention Kobe's 9-31 shooting just like I figured they wouldn't.  Any other team's best player that gets noticed and talked about.  Yet the guy wears a mask and scores 30 a few games in a row and that's supposed to be a big deal?  Gimme a break...ESPN is nothing but Kobe propaganda.
Qzhoopin72::OK...Kobe is 17-57 the past 2 games....UGLY!!!....but that's still not the Lakers problem. They have NO POINT GUARD!!!! They also have no small forward, no bench, no outside shooting and no athleticism. They need a quality PG in the worst way. That's how you maximize the two 7-footers, and it would also improve the quality of Kobe's shot selection. Fisher &amp; Blake pose no threat to opposing defenses, so they just pack it in on Gasol &amp; Bynum and double Kobe on the perimeter, while daring Fisher, Blake, Artest, Barbes, et al, to shoot long jumpers that they routinely miss.
earlealston::I think AI's point is that when Lebron's team comes up short, they dissect and criticize where he was lacking. Kobe pretty much shot his team into that loss (they had the big lead and the bigs were just starting to heat up), AGAINST THE WIZARDS, and ESPN barely mentions it. This has always been the glaring folly in Kobe's game. Lebron defers too much, and Kobe too little. If they could just learn from each other, you'd have two players who will EASILY become greater than Jordan.
elibird123::bigs were just starting to heat up....you guys are funny. I don't know what games you all are watching where you see the "big" open all the time.  MJ "jacked up 35 shots (plus some FTA's) and only scored 35pts in Game 6 of the 1998 Finals
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Lebron has been receiving criticism for all of 1 whole year (since the decision) Kobes been hated since the Shaq era Lakers.
elibird123::Maybe because they are not haters like you. Kobe has played 38 games NOT 2 is leading the league in scoring, the #2 SG in assists in the "entire" NBA this year. And the fact that LeBron lovers like to point out that he passes to his players, but somehow overlook the fact that he is averaging less than 2 assists more than Kobe and KB24 has been passing to teammates that have been missing wide open shots or else he'd probably lead him in assists as well as ppg. Also he is the #1 rebounding guard in the league. Maybe that's why they don't nit-pick like you over less than a handful of games. B.T.W. They also never mention his assist and rebounds, so why is it so important to here about when he does have an off night?...... Oh wait, I forgot. You're a hater. LOL ;)
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::over %50 in those few games, not to mention hes done more than just "score 30 a few games in a row" over the span of his career
DSeel23::Wow Kobe, I didn't think 8 of 24 could get any worse. Nice job proving me wrong with 9 of 31
Robert24907::It is so easy not to blame kobe cause he scores 25 to 30 pts, butlaker nation kobe is the leader and best player on the team, he needs to stop shooting the ball so much.Try getting your teammates touches,kobe is getting a pass because of his past..
Qzhoopin72::That's why the Lakers need a POINT GUARD! Kobe is not there to be a distributor, he's a SCORER!!! Let's quit trying to turn Kobe into what he is not!! While we're at it, why not make D-Fish start guarding the post and blocking shots!!!
elibird123::Gasol career has averaged 13.5 FGA's. He is at 13.5 FGA's now.   FACT: He is on track for what he always does.    Bynum career has averaged 7.4 FGA's. He is at 12.2 FGA's now.  FACT: He is on track for the best FGA &amp; PPG for his career.    FACT: D. Howard career averages 11.1 FGA's. He is at 13.6 FGA Now. FACT: Shaq averaged 16.1 FGA's
Qzhoopin72::THE LAKERS NEED A POINT GUARD!!!!  They don't even need an elite PG like Deron or Rajon....just a good point guard with enough speed &amp; savvy to pose a threat with his outside shot and able to penetrate the lane to get the ball to Bynum &amp; Gasol....and to Kobe on the wing, in better positions for them all to score. THAT'S the Lakers biggest, most glaring problem....not Kobe's FG attempts.
luvnbayes::The Lakers, and specifically Coach Brown, biggest mistake was in trying to turn Bynum into a key cog.  No matter what his stats are he doesn't help his team win.  Giving away Odom took away the biggest advantage the Lakers had, the fact that Odom and Gasol played so well together.  PJ wasn't right about everything, but he was absolutely correct in having Odom and Gasol always finishing games.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Early on due to Bynum fatigue issues &amp; by default of injuries.  Bynum has been finishing games over the past couple years Phil was here more often..  &amp; Bynum made the allstar team this year &amp; rightfully so
luvnbayes::It doesn't matter who starts, it matters who finishes.  And Odom and Gasol always finished games.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Bynum SHOULD be a key cog..  Hes more physical in the post than Gasol which is why they are averaging the same amount of points (pretty good considering Gasol gets some of his from mid range)..  Odom was not out biggest advantage thats why Phil started Bynum over him from the outset..  What Odom did bring was a Kobe antithesis - a person who wasnt really looking to score when he had the ball; in the triangle which doesnt use a typical pg, on a team w/ Kobe that is valuable for balance..  add to all that he came off the bench &amp; gave us change of pace from aging Kobe &amp; 2 7 footers.We got less &amp; less effective because each year we lost the speed wed established next to Odom..  @ 1st we had Ariza stay in with our 2nd unit Odom &amp; 3 guards, then we lost 2 guards &amp; Ariza , now weve lost Shannon Brown &amp; Odom &amp; this is why our bench sux
elibird123::Problem is Bynum needs to find a way to make himself more available late in games. FG% is a good thing, but it doesn't mean much if you don't get up enough FGA's to score more pts.
Qzhoopin72::I don't normally take much stock in that "+/-" stat column....but couldn't help but notice that last night, in Kobe's 40 minutes on the court, the Laker were +5, in spite of Kobe's 31 FG attempts. In the 8 minutes he was on the bench, the Lakers were -5.  Just an observation....
Qzhoopin72::If the Lakers are -5 in only 8 minutes with Kobe on the bench, all the anti-Kobe hype has little or no value. That projects to a -30 over 48 minutes!!
elibird123::Because in spite of this the team runs more smoothly. When Kobe is on the court he is double teamed. The defense against theLakers are more in scramble mode to recover when he kicks the ball to his teammate. They have more open looks
Qzhoopin72::The Lakers are a good team....meaning they are 1st or 2nd round playoff good....no better than that. Their problem is waaaaayyyyy bigger than Kobe's FG attempts per game. It doesn't matter whether he's taking 15 shots a game or 45 shots a game.  The Lakers don't have a very good roster. Bynum &amp; Gasol are good, but they don't make the Lakers title contenders just cause they're 7-feet tall. THE LAKERS NEED A POINT GUARD!!!!!! Simple as that. Until they get a quality PG, and better bench talent, none of the Kobe bashing matters.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Kobe haters aint tryna hear that...  This is a 72-10 team w/o Kobe let them tell it
MavsOwnYourArse::Kobe = 9/31 Fisher, Peace, Bynum, Pau = 14/31  Pretty indicative of what went wrong.
johndaker55::This is an excerpt from the recap of THIS game... "Clutch is defined as fourth quarter or overtime, less than five minutes left, neither team ahead by more than five points. Kobe Bryant went 0-4 from the field in those situations Wednesday in a loss against the Wizards, while his teammates went 2-4. It was a continuation of how things have gone for the season. Bryant is just 19-71 (26.8 percent) from the field in clutch situations this season, down from 40.2 percent last season. He has produced 0.79 points per field goal attempt while taking 71 shots, just 19 less than the rest of the Lakers combined. The rest of the team has surprisingly been much more efficient, shooting 50-90 (55.6 percent) while scoring 1.50 points per field goal attempt. Andrew Bynum, who made his only field goal attempt in the clutch against the Wizards, has led the way for that group, going 20-23 (87.0 percent) from the field while totaling 49 points.   [+]"
elibird123::You do realize the Lakers as a team shoot 80 FGA's a game.  The clutch? Well they like to really say it's the last 24 seconds. How about " the clutch" is the whole damn game. For 48 minutes all points count and they are clutch as far as I'm concerned.  So when a team is getting beat down and player come in for 6 mins and drops 8pts, adds 10 in the 3rd makes a key steal, grab 4 boards, a block when nothing was going right and now all of a sudden his team is back in the game or winning. That's not clutch?
johndaker55::My 2 favorite things about the Lakers going down this season....1. Kobe doing an about face every week and blaming something different. 2. Kobe fanboys (not actual Laker fans) blaming every person in LA NOT named Kobe
AIadvocate::from 97-03 I'd take Shaq/Duncan/Iverson/Garnett/Kidd not even close as the 5 best players in the NBA.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::well we all agree this is a major problem that can only be fixed by trading......
jruss1427::its kinda a funny that in wins and losess it shows! when they win Kobe shoots less but scores .5pt more also has a bettter shooting %! there are other stats that show but honestly im not a Laker fan or a Kobe fan so i dont really care thats the Lakers fans problem! i will ad that i kinda Hate Kobe but have always respected his gm! he is a Hungry p;layer and would always do what it took to win but now he has kinda lost that because what it takes to win now is not him being the Star that shoots 30 times but hium deferring a litl more to a DOMINANT center in BYNUM! Screw Gasol even though he is a Great player bynum healthy like he is now is def the secpond best center and with the quanity of shots he could be the best!
elibird123::What it shows is exactly what I have been saying. If Pau &amp; Bynum can make themselves available. He does not have to shot as much before the clock expires to avoid and empty possession, more FGA's &amp; lower FG%.  If the bench is playing well also they don't have to look for Kobe to try and bail them out.  You may want Bynum to be Shaq or Mose Malone or Ewing, but he is not.
Qzhoopin72::We keep going round &amp; round with this thing, but what it keeps coming back to is that the Lakers have a very mediocre roster. They have a bunch of slow, journeyman scrubs and past-their-prime role players. They have no point guard, no small forward, not bench and no athleticism or outside shooting. Any smart defensive team will just sag the paint on Bynum &amp; Gasol, daring Fisher, Metta, Barnes, etc....to take that 20-footer. Bynum &amp; Gasol don't get moe FG attempts cause the Lakers don't have a PG that can penetrate the paint and get them better looks. Damn near every time Gasol or Bynum get the ball, they're doubled! Hard to shoot at will like that. Kobe is better able to create his own shot and many of those come with the shot clock running out. But again, it doesn' t matter whether Kobe takes 15 shots a game or 50 shots a game, this Lakers roster just ain't good enough!
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::you have two All Star caliber big men, utilize them, that's their bread and butter no? but overall the team has to do way better, which I don't see happening with 38 games left. I could be wrong but if the front office doesn't make a trade, it's over...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::so what do you suggest they do since you disagree with everything....
elibird123::you have two All Star caliber big men, utilize them  Easier said than done. If you watch you would notice they have a tendency of not being able to make themselves available late in games. They start off great, get great position, but that seems to disappear late in games and the Lakers will burn up most of their 24 secs each time trying to get the ball down there. Somehow you people don't seem to get how many times KB24 has to shoot before the clock expires.
elibird123::I think if you watched the games a bit more you would see he feeds them all the time. You are not really watching this dynamic very closely. If they in turn do not have a shot and the ball gets swung back to him with a few seconds left on the clock it's because he is the only one out there at times that can get a FGA up before the shot clock expires. He is constantly getting the ball with 5 secs or less with the team hoping he is able to get a shot off.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::has Kobe ever come out after a loss and said, "It was my fault we lost the game....."? I don't know, I'm asking
AIadvocate::No...isn't it funny how Kobe is some God-Like player but all people do is make excuses for him and he never takes any blame.  How can you be the best when you have to talk about it?  No rivals?  HE WASNT EVEN A TOP 5 PLAYER HIS FIRST 6 YEARS IN THE LEAGUE WHO IS THIS DUDE FOOLING?!?!?!  He has been blown way out of proportion.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::well it was the team's fault.... but 9-31even when he was cold, he was still shooting. But the life is sucked outta them on the road for some reason. You would think the Lakers would never let a lowly Wizards and Pistons team beat em, but times are changing.
elibird123::Yes, many times he has said he couldn't hit his shots. And a few times when it was his fault they lost he says it was his fault. Wizards &amp; Pistons putting up the points and rebounds to win is hardly his fault.
jruss1427::its funny how gasol and Bynum shoot 65% in the game but only take 19 shots combine and Kobe shoots 9-31 which is 12 more shots than both of the mcombine! All Lakers fans will say they need to get open more! Thats funny cause in order to shoot that well you usually have a good matchup! Thats not the problem, problem is Kobe has 2 not 1 but 2 Great big men who can dominate if given the oppertunity but he doesnt like to let that happen! he never gets the Blame but always gets the credit! Kobe is and will be one of the greatest but right now hes not the player he was. $@%! if Durant or Lebron shot the ball 25 times a game like KObe they would averg 40 a gm! Kobe leading the league in scoring is quantity not quality! Bottom line is that he needs to get his bigs more involved n stop shooting 30 times wen hes not hitting his shots and someone his age and with his talent shouldnt have to be told that he should already know!
AIadvocate::Kobe is half the player LeBron is in terms of value.  Yea he makes game winning shots because he takes 35 shots a $@%!$@ game but LeBron = wins for his team.  Look at the numbers, Kobe is not in his class.  And I don't even like LeBron that much personally.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::I mean LA is a big town full of expectations but yes its his first season so maybe he'll get a second.... we'll see, but shoulda went with Shaw I think.
jruss1427::actually myman kobe has 17 gms this yr were he has shot 41% or worse and i will add that most of those gms are under 40% and a hand full of gms under 30%!
jbrown2452::Brian Shaw.. That's who Kobe was lobbying for... I don't think Brown is done though.. Execs try to stick with their decisions for as long as they can.. I give him one more season.. He did make a finals with Lebron.. ya know?
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::exactly, I think Brown is done after this season. I dunno why they didn't go with that other guy the assistant coach who studied under Phil, I forgot his name though.
jbrown2452::That was an exctremely bad move.. But Mike Brown's offensive coaching is mediocre at best.. He's coaching Kobe like he's Lebron at 27... He can't do that...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::Mike Brown is not in cleveland anymore, with Lebron it worked because he's that kind of player. Kobe can't really isolate like that anymore... plus he got rid of the triangle, which was a bad move in my opinion...
jbrown2452::I'll agree with that.. But that means Mike Brown needs to actually coach.. and he told Kobe to start poppin... Wrong thing to tell him...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::I just want someone to yell at him and get in his face about shot selection and not trusting his teammates, no team basketball= no wins.....
jbrown2452::Disagreed sir.. Kobe gets blamed when they lose and disregarded when they win by plenty of people... Kobe has had about 7 or 8 horrid shooting games this season... But then again.. the WHOLE SQUAD has been terrible with the rock this season... But Kobe will catch flack as soon as he has a shooting performance like he did last night... Pau and Bynum decide to play and all of a sudden they are the saviors of the team... Consistency needs to come from all areas of the the team including Kobe Pau and Bynum...
elibird123::Shoots like garbage? OK what does he say when he lights it up? Since they've played 38 games and you have less than a handful of games that were not too good. You should remember a ton of things he has said right?
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::he needs to trust Gasol and Bynum a bit more, by him trying to win games by himself at this point in his career I wouldn't count on it....
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::didn't he throw someone under the bus the other night? in Detroit...
jbrown2452::Who did Kobe blame this season? I must have missed him throwing someone under the bus...
jbrown2452::I'm just saying.. if Pau himself says he's struggling.. then he's struggling.. no matter what his stat line is.. He obviously can do better.. And I didn't know that ever player in the L averaged 17 adn 10.. By the way... Pau was not averaging 17 and 10 even ten games ago...
johndaker55::Ok so is every player in the NBA struggling then according to what you're saying?
jbrown2452::Yeah Pau is struggling.. he admits it himself... How in the world is he gonna drop 30 one night and 15 the next.. and Kobe takes the same amount of shots?
johndaker55::Pau is not struggling!! BTW i do believe the new system is a valid excuse I'm just saying he blames something new every week.
jbrown2452::So... all of those are just excuses? You have a brand new coach in a condensed schedule and figuring out a new system and role on the team are supposed to come over night huh? I'll take the tired legs as an excuse.. But I see nothing wrong with whatever else he said... So what he checked the GM about trading Pau.. Pau was struggling... Pau knows it and so does Kobe.. So front office make some decisions cuz he's not gonna play until he knows what the deal is...
johndaker55::Missed defensive assignments... which he usually says every time HE shoots like garbage. At least 90% of the time.
johndaker55::Everyone is still trying to figure out the system
johndaker55::Tired legs
johndaker55::Gasol can't play as well as he normally does because of all the trade rumors. Or so Kobe said.  Check the #'s Gasol is still putting up 17 and 10 and shooting 50.6%
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::I find it funny that when Laker fans argue, they always bring up the past, and how Kobe won 5 championships. It's 2012, that was years ago, we're not talking about the past, presently the Lakers suck, so stop trying to deny this fact and just admit it. It's pathetic that Laker fans can't even admit when their team is playing so poorly. Is it because you realize Kobe doesn't have anything left in the tank anymore? Or is it the pathetic 6-14 road record, combined with back to back losses to Detroit, and Washington. Lakers officially have the most ignorant fans in the league...
johndaker55::The Lakers problem is they are not getting $26 Million + out of Kobe. Probably closer to a player making $10-$$15 Million per year... so they can't afford a better bench or PG.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::Kobe is only part of the problem, but the Lakers don't have any accountability..... Bynum tried to take the blame last night, thats how bad it is...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::even so, just throw the ball down there and let them draw fouls, go to work, then open up the perimeter for some wide open looks.... all im saying is to try it, but Kobe needs to be more efficient with the ball for sure....
jbrown2452::Why won't Pau and Bynum show up CONSISTENTLY every night? Why won't Steve Blake, Ron Artest, Troy Murphy, Matt Barnes, Josh McRoberts, be CONSISTENT!!  Maybe i'll win them some games...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::why won't he pass the ball??? maybe it'll win some games...
jbrown2452::Kobe is part of the problem.. But Kobe is gonna be Kobe regardless.. and that's the thing about his game.. He could shoot 17-20 and people would still bark about how he's the problem and he shoots too much... bottom line is like QZ said... No point guard, no other perimeter shooters, Pau and Bynum are streaky, no bench... that's LA's problem...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::well the celtics know they're not gonna do anything, and there's no point in trying to contend...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::too much age on the squad, if they get the 7 or 8 seed they're finished. No way are they beating Miami or Chicago in 7 games
jbrown2452::I can see them making the second round.. The East is still weak..
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::i don't think they can contend come playoff time with the condensed schedule
jbrown2452::The C's are actually a scary team right now... I wouldn't count them out...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::but at least the celtics fans admit their team is bad..... its called accountability and no one in Laker Land has that right now... if they did they'd be winning some more games. Yes every team has annoying fans but Laker fans just surpass that level
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::who blamed the refs  last night?? the c's got demolished plain and simple.
Qzhoopin72::Ricky....C's fans wrote the book!! They can lose by 30+ (like last night) and somehow the refs were conspiring against them!!
RickyWolfio::Every team blames the refs when they lose..lol
Qzhoopin72::That's b.s.!!! The Celtic fans are too busy blaming the refs every time they lose!!!
elibird123::What is really pathetic is the fact that Lakers/Kobe haters will try to bring up an argument over of how bad or how washed up someone is and point to less than a handful of games. I believe they have played 38 and counting. They are having problems on the road 6-14, but somehow they seem to be 17-2 at home and only lost to the Bulls by 1 point and the Pacers by 2 points. Seems to me this road thing is very fixable. The only thing I see as being ignorant is you and haters like yourself.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::if the season ended today they'd be playing the clippers which is a winnable series, but eventually they'd come across a stronger team Dallas maybe OKC I just don't see it...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::yes they have many flaws, but I just pointed out that its not fair that Kobe gets a pass when the team loses..... yea the bench  sucks, Fisher is done, Artest is whack.... they need to make a serious trade or forget about the season..
elibird123::Maybe I just see a little more in them than you do. I see there biggest flaw, bench play. I see they need a PG. I see they need to get their bigs more involved. I see they need that same fire on the road like at home. Most of these are fixable, PG will be the hardest to correct. Yet and still as bad as they are playing right now only 5 teams at this time have a better record. So, no I see where they can be.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::do you really think they can win a playoff series playing this bad on the road??? c'mon now man
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::how am I hating? i spoke nothing but the truth.... your just mad because you can't admit this team is bad. Mediocre at best
Qzhoopin72::I'm a lifelong, diehard Laker fan and  we all should know that every NBA team has its share of annoying fans. As far as THIS YEAR'S Lakers, they're a 1st or 2nd round exit waiting to happen. Doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure that out. They didn't improve their roster in the off-season and signed a bunch of journeyman scrubs. They still have no point guard, no small foward, no bench and no athleticism. simple as that....it doesn't matter whether Kobe averages 15 shots a game or 50 shots a game....the Lakers roster is not that good.
jbrown2452::As far as kobe goes... yeah he should pass the ball more.. But when Pau and Bynum are being soft (and you never know which player you are going to get night in and night out) Then I'll let Kobe jack the shots up...
jbrown2452::Are you serious? Act like C's fans don't scream about the 17 banners they have... bottom line is that the team has a winning tradition... Are they gonna win this year.. I'd be thoroughly surprised if they did.. But it's just as annoying for those who have been waiting for the Lakers demise to come around screaming about how bad they FINALLY are. Sure they need work, and lots of it.. But so does 99% of the NBA.... People act like they went from being on top to having the worst record in the L...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::and they never admit Kobe is the problem.... NEVER, its never his fault, and when he throws his teammates under the bus everyone goes with it.... clearly his poor shooting and massive attempts per game is a major factor as to why they lost. It's a shame no one on the team tells Kobe face to face that he shoots the ball too much.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::of course, no bench production, and no PG, and no SF. If they don't trade they might as well pack it in
Qzhoopin72::Kobe was the problem the past 2 games....but the bigger issue is their ROSTER....especially the POINT GUARD!!! Kobe's the easy target cause he's always front &amp; center in the media....but when you have no point guard, it ain't gonna work for very long no matter what you're trying to do as a team!
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::no its annoying when some of the laker fans think they're better than every other team because Kobe won 5 rings and they have 16 chips as a franchise. The glory days are over, and Laker fans are to stubborn to admit that their team sucks..... I don't understand, its one thing to come out and admit your team is bad, but hiding behind the past won't make you seem any smarter. No other fans in the league mention championships more than the Laker fans.... Bulls fans don't even mention Jordan anymore.
jbrown2452::As an LA fan.. I called that they were gonna be 2nd round at best at the beginning of the season.. I just think it's funny that people who aren't Laker fans take so much joy in them losing.. You can tell it's a once in awhile thing..
nomercy2182::Trade Kobe now while you still can. Kobe will only go downhill from here
grayhavens::Kobe has to stop jacking up shots and get the ball to his big men, his ballhogging is killing LA, 9-31 shooting, that's pathetic.
elibird123::9 for 31 was bad. Not sure what happen, but he went cold as ice in the second half. His big men need to find ways to get themselves open a bit more.
johndaker55::2q he was 2-6. He was garbage after the 1st quarter.
edelspot::Put Kobe on border patrol. He can shoot all day.
elibird123::There have been many assessments of Kobe and Michael over the years. Many of the arguments resort to a comparison of stats. However, each player had different career paths and played in different eras. The NBA in the 1980s was played at a faster pace, and some years teams averaged 20 percent more possessions than teams over the past decade. Jordan played 3 years in college whereas Kobe played sparingly his first couple years out of high school in the NBA (which in part led to the firing of his first NBA head coach Del Harris). Taking out the first 3 years from Kobe’s NBA career would give him averages of 28.1 ppg, 5.8 rpg, and 5.2 apg—very similar to Jordan’s career averages of 30.1 ppg, 6.2 rpg, and 5.3 apg. Further adjusting for the inflated statistics during the high scoring era in the 1980s would bring Jordan’s averages even closer to Kobe’s.  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/497093-is-kobe-bryant-actually-better-than-michael-jordan
jbrown2452::MJ career fg% is 49 I believe.. Kobe's is 45.... A difference.. But probably the biggest diference you'll find between them statwise...
RickyWolfio::What about the shooting percentage?!?!haha....MJ actually made MOST of his shots
jbrown2452::I've read some of your previous posts.. You just don't like the guy huh?
elibird123::I guess I take exception to the top 20 not much higher? Dude for real. He is top ten for sure. If MJ is considered #1 have you ever really look how close they are statistically? Taking out the first 3 years from Kobe’s NBA career would give him averages of 28.1 ppg, 5.8 rpg, and 5.2 apg—very similar to Jordan’s career averages of 30.1 ppg, 6.2 rpg, and 5.3 apg. Further adjusting for the inflated statistics during the high scoring era in the 1980s would bring Jordan’s averages even closer to Kobe’s.   http://bleacherreport.com/articles/497093-is-kobe-bryant-actually-better-than-michael-jordan
jbrown2452::That's what I'm taking about though about his accomplishments not being appreciated.... Let's take 81... I believe he still shot close to 50% for that 81... on a team that had Smush Parker, Brian Cook, Kwame Brown..... and people are like yeah whatever he's a ballhog... Nevermind he just scored the 2nd most points in a game in the history of the NBA.... I can guarantee if LBJ did that people would praise it for the rest of his days...
edelspot::Fwiw the majority of my posts are for your 5-16-81 crew. They make your fan base look bad. There are plenty of great players never fortunate enough to be in right place at right time.
edelspot::I don't mean to minimize his contributions. Damn near every winner had at least one other star, or two very good players. Hard to win without at least that much around you.
jbrown2452::I won't pull out the rings argument, and I don't think he's the GOAT (MJ all day).. But, I do think that he will never truly be appreciated as a player. he's always been what he's been. Never tried to be anything else... But, he gets hated on for one reason or another.. Sad to be honest.. I can't stand LBJ. But, I can appreciate his game. The same can't be said for some people with Kobe..
elibird123::I totally disagree. Teams do win championships, but some players on those teams are the reason they win them. You cannot under value his contributions to those championship seasons.
edelspot::No hate for kobe. He's a great player. But far from the best. Currently or all time. The only argument is rings. Say what you will, but teams win rings. Even the best don't win without the right help. Kobe makes top 20 all time. But not much higher.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Lmao fakers are no more, fakers will be bounced out first round. Talk about the past all you want, but that still doesn't change the facts about now. That is the fakers are a joke, heck the wiz seen that and won.
elibird123::Same Wizards that beat OKC? You mean those Wizards?
mark35345::opposing team's locker-room strategy. Slack off on Artest and Fisher - since they both aren't shooting well enough to warrant guarding. Make Kobe, Bynum, and Gasol beat you. And tire out the big guys by running the court in transition like Loyola Marymount used to...these Lakers don't have fresh legs (maybe we'll trade for some?)
Cadillac-Too-Cold::Laker Hater guide rules:   1) Pau Gasol is Soft  Kobe Hater guide Rules:  1) He can't win with out dominant big men like Shaq and Gasol
edelspot::Lakers fan guide rules...  1) kobe has 5 rings 2) Lakers have 16 3) kobe is automatically better than anyone with 5 or less 4) kobe is better than anyone with 6 or more. They got lucky. 5) kobe won those rings all by himself. 6) no matter how bad kobe plays, its not his fault. 7) who cares if kobe takes 150 more shots than the next closest guy. He still leads in scoring.  8) when discussing teams or players, no matter what facts are available, always refer to rules #1-7.
Cadillac-Too-Cold::And yes, Shaq was the best, but now it's Kobe. As a Lakers fan, don't really care who was "Top dog", the 5 championship parties were still GREAT.
Qzhoopin72::And I'm not defending Kobe in 2012, and his bad shot selection the past 2 games....but the Lakers much bigger problem is their roster! Even if Kobe were taking a desirable 17-23 shots per game, the Lakers still ain't gonna go anywhere in the playoffs cause they just don't have enough talent! No point guard, no small foward, no bench, no athleticism.
Qzhoopin72::Point #1 is shaky.  With all due respect to Shaq and his dominance on those 3 title teams...he didn't start winning jack in LA until his FOURTH season there....right about the time when Kobe replaced all-star Eddie Jones as the Lakers primary perimeter weapon. How come Shaq couldn't win before that when he had Jones AND Nick Van Exel as his guards?? Hmmm....
Qzhoopin72::I don't really care how the credit is give out, but you make it sound like just because Shaq won those 3 MVP's that he did it ALL BY HIMSELF....and I pointed out that he was in LA 4 seasons before he sniffed an NBA FInals, and that was conicidentally the same time Kobe became option 1A or whatever. On the same hand, I don't give Kobe ALL the credit just because he was MVP in 2009 &amp; 2010.
E. Jack Culate::I didn't say Shaq didn't need support, Kobe provided much better support than eddie jones and van exel.    But how is point #1 shaky?  He was clearly the MAIN reason the Lakers won those three titles, hence he was named the MVP
E. Jack Culate::8) when discussing teams or players, no matter what facts are available, always refer to rules #1-7 - No, I don't think so
E. Jack Culate::1) kobe has 5 rings -  shaq won 3 of those finals mvps 2) Lakers have 16 -  stop living in the past 3) kobe is automatically better than anyone with 5 or less -  tim ducan&gt; kobe bryant 4) kobe is better than anyone with 6 or more. They got lucky.  - bill russell, michael jordan  &gt; kobe bryant 5) kobe won those rings all by himself.  - see #1 for his first 3 rings, before pau helped kobe win his last 2 rings, the lakers were getting bounced in the first round of playoffs 6) no matter how bad kobe plays, its not his fault. - it's not his fault he shot 9 for 31 7) who cares if kobe takes 150 more shots than the next closest guy. He still leads in scoring. - math dictates that if you are a good basketball player, the more shots you take, the more points you will score. 8) when discussing teams or players, no matter what facts are available, always refer to rules #1-7.
Cadillac-Too-Cold::Jerry West won the FInals MVP '69, that doesn't mean he was the best player on the Celtics.
AIadvocate::Oh no..notice how I said men?  He can't win without Shaq or the Gasol/Bynum...we saw how that 08 series went...6-24 game 7 in 2010..man Kobe finds himself in great situations
elibird123::LOL Now on to the facts of game 7 and the series. Kobe had a bad shooting game 7, but he did other things that one game. 23pts / 15rbs / 2ast / 11-15ft Also, the fact this was a defensive struggle and no one made more than 8 fgs that game. For the series no one had a better series than Kobe on either  team. Kobe for that series -&gt; 28.6 PPG 8.0 RB 3.9 Ast 2.1 Stl.
Qzhoopin72::How many championships did Shaq win in LA those first 3 years, before Kobe replaced all-star Eddie Jones as their #1 wing player? ANd how many PLAYOFF GAMES did the dominant big man Gasol win in Memphis as "The Man" before coming to LA??
ACandOJ::In 2010 Finals, Kobe averaged 29ppg, 8reb, 4ast &amp; 2stl...the game that he shot 6-24fg, he grabbed 15reb &amp; hit a clutch jumper &amp; free throws.  Watch the games...not the box score
Cadillac-Too-Cold::Game 7 he also had 12 more rebounds than Kevin Garnett. But i guess Gasol and Bynum were letting him grab those just to pad his stats, i get it.
AIadvocate::Wonder who Kobe pays on ESPN-LA to not point out facts that he's always been a gunner and can't win without dominant big men or Phil Jackson
elibird123::Now Gasol is a dominant big man....LOL
Cadillac-Too-Cold::Yeah i've seen that handbook front to back. That's why i'm glad we've got our very own now.
ACandOJ::Caddy, read the Kobe hater handbook next time you go take a dump.  Gasol is a world class, all-time great big man when we need to criticize Kobe.  When we want to kick the Lakers as a whole unit, Gasol is a Euro-soft, pansy big man with a bad haircut...
Cadillac-Too-Cold::I thought Pau Gasol was soft, not a dominant big man?
Cadillac-Too-Cold::Rule #1
Cadillac-Too-Cold::For those who say the Lakers have no shot this year, please refer to Rule #2
Cadillac-Too-Cold::See rule #7
E. Jack Culate::what does past success have to do with this year?
Cadillac-Too-Cold::That works for me.
AIadvocate::If I could like that 6 million times I would
PayMoneyPayne::See how the colts just let Peyton go .... could have paid him and let him retire a colt...He did 2 TV interviews so far... LEBRONS MADE THE RIGHT " DECISION"... he had the opportunity to call his own shots and did.... Peyton been in limbo all football season and didn't no his future after 4 maps and a superbowl
PayMoneyPayne::Mvps not maps lol
RicoSuave925::Kobe+Montana=Rings Lebron+Marino=Great regular season stats
E. Jack Culate::Is Los Angeles as vapid a city as people say it is?
AngelsLakers714::Lakers lose games when it doesn't really count.  Come playoff time, they will win when it counts the most!
E. Jack Culate::Lakers win games when it doesn't really count. Come playoff time, they will lose when it counts the most!
edelspot::BasketballReference.com keeps a stat called "win shares." It uses all stats vs team stats and other players...and gives a measure of a players contribution to a teams overall success. The link shows top 10 yearly since NBA started. All of the all time greats make multiple appearances in top 3. With one notable exception.   http://www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/ws_top_10.html
Qzhoopin72::Winning rings doesn't necessarily make you better (Adam Morrison, Brian Cardinal)....but they don't give parades and rings for having the best PER or "win Share" stats. That's real cute &amp; scientific, but who really gives a damn about that except Ryan Anderson's agent when he's negotiating his next contract??
edelspot::So we're back to more rings makes you better? Regardless of how good or bad the supporting cast was around the other great ones?
elibird123::Actually, it does if you're one the main reason "The Rings" were won and I'm not talking about 1 or 2 big shots every now and then
Qzhoopin72::The Win/Loss column is the only thing that matters. All this PER, 82games.com, Ivy League, egg-head Hollinger nerd b.s. diverts people away from the ultimate eyeball test....the game itself!! I'm a diehard Laker fan the past 40 years, and I can look at may Lakers and tell that they're a 1st round &amp; out....2nd round at best, playoff team. The easy target to blame is Kobe and his shot quantity &amp; selection, but the bigger issue is their roster! They have no point guard, they have no dependable small forward, they have no bench, they have no athleticism. Kobe's ability to "make his teammates better" is severly overrated!!!
edelspot::Of course it ain't a perfect stat. No stat is. There are players with career years here and there. But riddle me this Batmen...why do all the other great ones consistently crack the top 3...except kobe? It's propaganda I tell ya! They designed this stat to make kobe look bad!
Qzhoopin72::Let's use this stat.... "Most NBA championships among current players". You'll find a few 1st Ballot HOF'ers like Kobe &amp; Duncan, and a few guys in the right place at the right time like Adam Morrison....but the bottom line is winning, and more than all those useless Ivy League stats, Kobe even with all his flaws, is a proven winner.
edelspot::Obviously even the great ones need good teams. Being the typical Lakers fan I know its just rings. Wilt may have been most dominant ever, but only won 2 because the Celts had a team with more players. Kareem only had one in Mil, but 4 in LA. So he got better when he changed teams right? Horry had 7. He ain't on list. So tell us more about the rings.
ACandOJ::Tell me what the point of the stat is?? Is Ryan Anderson the 4th best player in the NBA
ACandOJ::Not only what Qz said but how valuable is a stat that has Ryan Anderson in the top 5 in anything?? Peja was 2nd in 2004...lol Come on, you need to dig deeper in your "I hate Kobe with all my heart" notebook....even using your stat, Kobe is top 20 all-time with only Dirk being a surprise higher on the list. Also, what good is it b/c the years that the Lakers were their worst Kobe had his highest win shares...seems like a pretty useless stat about like PER
edelspot::But yet...many of the #1 guys also won rings that year. So why has the great kobe never cracked the top 3 when numerous great ones have done it several times?
Qzhoopin72::If "win shares" is the be all/end all measure, to me this list is more of an indictment against those guys ON the list that can't win a title! What's THEIR excuse???????
edelspot::Names in the top 3 multiple times...MJ, magic, bird, Duncan, wilt, doc, kareem CP3, KD, Robinson, west, Russell, LBJ, the big O, Shaq, Dirk, KG...even Barkley.  Kobes best is #4. Gasol has beat him twice.
MatthewN41::Absolutely embarrassing! Need Phil back
E. Jack Culate::Phil couldn't win without jordan/pippen, kobe/shaq, kobe/pau
Qzhoopin72::Phil couldn't win with this mediocre roster....neither could Red Auerbach or Pat Riley.
CheerstoLilWayne::I guess when you lose to the Pistons...you just can't recover :)
E. Jack Culate::example: 2004 nba finals
MatthewN41::losing to the pistons would definitely scar me for life
88Lion88::wizards beat the thunder too, lakers just over looked them and I'm glad they did.
dplunk18::like I said..strange year for some reason.
lopezrome1982::Mark MY words LAKERS WILL WIN IT ALL THIS YEAR!!!!
MatthewN41::i am a big Lakers fan but.....there is no way unless they start playing as a team again
CheerstoLilWayne::coming from an LA fan??? HOMER PICK ALERT!
CheerstoLilWayne::coming from an LA fan??? HOMER PICK ALERT!
dplunk18::The odds are against the lakers winning it all with this team right now,... but I would not go so far as to say they defnitely will not win it without some sort of major trade. this has been a strange season at times for a lot of teams.  if LA can't get up for the downtrodden of the league..the good thing is they wont be seeing them in the playoffs
ZachC1965::I think you're right...I could picture LA getting knocked out in the first round or making the finals...or anything in between...a weird year...
Margy010::KONY 2012  "I knew that name change was a good idea!!!!" -Ron Artest
PayMoneyPayne::And this Laker team is better then what Bron had in Cleveland...
Qzhoopin72::The Problem is that Kobe's teammates are for the most part, mediocre talents. Your game shouldn't be out there waiting for someone to make you better. Either you have game or you don't!
ZachC1965::Very true...too bad Kobe has never made his teammates better...
PayMoneyPayne::MMiMikMike BBrBroBrowBrown wwowon coach of the year with Lebron lol...
Margy010::You have tourettes or what?
ZachC1965::9 for 31...yup, that's our MVP this season, suuuuuuuure...
d butler16::never thought a Wizards thread would reach 5000 comments
luvnbayes::I live in LA County and I did a poll at work among all of the true NBA fans.  The age group is 40+ years of age for the most part.  My question was this:  The score is tied with 5 minutes to go.  Who do you want more than anyone else on your side?  Durant and Lebron got 3 votes each, Dirk got 2 votes, and Chris Paul and Kobe each got one.  So even in Laker land Kobe is anywhere close to being seen as the best closer anymore (and most of these guys are Laker fans).
elibird123::OK then that's a wrap. Your 10 person poll says it all! ZachC1965 you hold on to that poor shooting game, but will see what his numbers will look like when it's all said and done.
ZachC1965::James at least keeps an eye out for open teammates, perhaps even too much...while Kobe just wants to shoot it, even if somebody else is wide open 10 feet from the hoop...  LBJ just needs more of a killer instinct, but he is already smarter in the clutch than Kobe has ever been...
ZachC1965::U have a point, but I bet they'd still shoot better than 9 for 31...  Bill Bradley always passed it to a teammate who had a better shot than he did...even when he was scoring 32 a game in college...
ACandOJ::Its one thing to pass it to a shooter, like Kerr, Paxson, Fisher....but not just any open guy is a better option.  They are open for a reason
ACandOJ::I mean I respect your poll....and if they don't think Kobe has it anymore, so be it.  But 3 votes for Sidekick James?? Have they watched him finish games??
luvnbayes::First off, I didn't vote for Lebron.  But the Utah game, where he was criticized heavily for not taking the last shot, he carried the team down the stretch to get them back into the game.  That's why I said last five minutes.  The All-star game is another example, they were 18 down with 8 minutes to play, and he was awesome getting the East back in the game.  But he winds up just being criticized for not taking the final shot.
luvnbayes::Sorry, I meant IS NOT ANYWHERE CLOSE
ACandOJ::Thank you ESPN for pissing Kobe off before the season....now he is determined to show everyone that he is still alive
Saints8365::LOL
ryike::Bynum and Gasol combine shot 63% Kobe 29% last night if you are the coach who do you want to shoot the ball
MatthewN41::you combined both bynum and gasol and got 63%, which means each player shot for only about 31.5 %, just about the same as kobe
kaharevic::9-31 for kobe? really? mvp my $@%
dplunk18::I Believe Kobe is trying to win..he's just goes about it the incorrect way at times..that is ONLY thing that separates him from the Best that ever played (MIchael Jordan).  there are many ways to skin a cat,.., and Jodan knew damn near ALL of 'em
AIadvocate::Man they aren't even close.  Anyone who thinks Kobe is close to even Bird/Johnson don't know a lot of basketball...and I know Magic Johnson pimps Kobe because he has to...when was the last time Kobe was even the best player in the league?  2008 because he won the MVP?  Lebron was still better then and that's just perimeter players.  As far as best perimeter players since Jordan it was Iverson for about 6 years 01-07 then LeBron since then...look up the stats and look who each players played with...shouldn't be hard to decipher who the best players have been...
AceVenturaMavsCoach::"If I can't win another ring, I'm going for the scoring title. Even if it means sucking for the team"  Kobe Bryant
ryike::Bottom line Kobe want's a scoring title at the expense of the team and because of that Lakers are going to trade Gasol  and that not the solution. Brown needs to start coaching  and tell Kobe stop shooting 30 times a game
elibird123::Kobe just wants to win. Kobe will always think the next shot is going in. Did it ever occur to you that coach Brown is telling him to keep shooting?
AceVenturaMavsCoach::"Man Kobe wants the ball way too much"  Terrell Owens
Saints8365::Atleast Kobe still is in the NBA. HA
Saints8365::Griffey Jr is a troll who's probably likes a team that sucks or a team we already beat. 12 year old punk.
griffeyjr330::OKC durant smacks kobe around
Saints8365::Sure kiddo.
griffeyjr330::we will see about that
Saints8365::Kobe like 38 lol. Durant will never have a career like Kobe had.
JVegas00001::Is Mike Brown the worst coach for LAL in the last 30 years? I believe so
JVegas00001::true but its not like he was good in CLE either
sportspotpourri::Yep. when the Lakers announced him I figured it would be to tread water for a year or so until they decide on a real coach. 1 shortened year may be enough of a sample size.
sportspotpourri::What about Magic? The late Rudy T years? You are probably right.
griffeyjr330::an excuse for a sorry team
MatthewN41::its not an excuse its the truth..
ZachC1965::Kobe got you one chip...thank Shaq and the refs for the others...
KilaKaliS::Kobe! Kobe! Kobe! Live and die by the gun... Got us five chips
Saints8365::Thats the point idiot
griffeyjr330::you dont even know who my team is moron
Saints8365::Better than your team.
Saints8365::YES!
sportspotpourri::the fact that the Lakers actually didn't get exploited at the PG position last night and they still lost to this terrible team is a real problem.
JVegas00001::Lakers2012WorldChamps is the Metta World Peace of commenters loud brash and cocky but yet only averages one good thought per 30 posts
Lakers2012WorldChamps::There is only one thing that's for sure and that is Luke Walton is not on the block!
Jacksonpm23::Griffey just shutup? You're obviously about 12 years old with all of your "lol"s
griffeyjr330::actually im not. i just cant stop laughing at all the front running lakers fans that try to find every excuse in the book to why the lakers suck this year
Lakers2012WorldChamps::The stupid Griffey fan again huh?
griffeyjr330::lol theres a like on every one of your post before it even post to the board. notice how no one else likes your post haha
griffeyjr330::stop liking your own post lol
Lakers2012WorldChamps::Get off Kobe's ............
sportspotpourri::...side of the court when he wants an Iso?
ryike::No matter who you trade for unless Kobe shares the  ball nothing going to change
griffeyjr330::22 missed field goals for kobe. tied for the most in a game in the NBA this season.... couldnt agree more with you
