higginbombers::omfg
OKC_Donkey::Everytime they lose Westbrook gets all the blame. he does need to cut down on his turnovers but if he wasnt on the team they wouldnt have the record they do now. he had 7 kd had 4 and harden had 4 so they need to cut down the turnovers as a team and work on thier half court offense instead of shooting so much and not running plays. And KD is the reason they lost last night
Blue Diesel OG::damn i knew it was the kings who were going to come out on top when they hit 5/5 to start the game. the thunder tried though. they let westbrook take too many dumb shots (not talking about this game but all) he just comes up court and shoots a fadeaway covered by two people with 15 still on the clock. look for better shots
THUNDAboi77::first off .. kings have great fans and a great atmosphere.. 2nd.. ive been a huge backer for westbrook but his turnover to assist ratio is horrible.. i dont mind him taking more shots than kd. he's too explosive to try to limit what he does. if he wouldn't be sloppy we would be close to undefeated.
PandO0000::The refs in the NBA should be doing 8th game girls games.
clippsallday::Of course ur gonna lose the game when ur point gaurd shoots more than the best player in the team. I gotta say i love the kings court nd the atmosphere in Sacramento is amazing! Great fans!
theprodctz::KEEP THE KINGS IN SACTO
CrkURdomE::Simple answer to KIngs win last night.   POINTS IN THE PAINT DOMINATION
04memberofsociety::The Kings are obviously the best team in the West
joshuaizme::Westbrook's Court Vision = LeBrons' Clutchness
iTzDiRkFoR3::Westbrook should not be shooting more than Durant... Westbrook is the point guard hes supposed to distribute the ball to the BEST scorer in the NBA.
tbomber2::westbrook did not lose OKC this game... your lack of defense in the paint did.
joshuaizme::People who support Westbrook don't know much about basketball. A point guard is supposed to create for his teamates. They can shoot, when it is the best decision for their team. Westbrook isn't a 2 guard. He didn't lose, but when he shoots this much, they won't ever win a championship. The case with Rose is different. The Bulls don't have any other guy capable of creating his own shots off the dribble, or any good players on offense. Rose is also averaging around 8 assists this year too.
BoomerSooner2844::This is why you are in the NBA right?
joshuaizme::Sorry, meant to say Westbrook isn't a Pg, he's a 2 guard. He can change, but he hasn't showed any signs. If anything he has taken a few steps back. Just because you score 30 points, doesn't mean you're a top 10 player...cough cough.....Monta Ellis
Da-THUN-Da::that just shows how much they attacked the basket over and over and over good job kings
Da-THUN-Da::Yeah we set a franchise record with 17 blocks but...
Da-THUN-Da::I agree Westbrook should cut down on the turnovers Im not saying hes perfect. Hes not. But he is not the only one to blame everytime they lose. I like that he attacks the basket whenever he wants to. I serously think everytime the ball is inbounded to him and he turns around he sees a mismatch that he thinks he can take advantage of everytime down the floor. But yes maybe "settle it down a bit"  but not too much lol
Da-THUN-Da::He played that way when he won those scoring titles.
RyanCarranza::He has the NBA leading scorer of the past 2 years on his team... He should settle down quite a bit.
OKC_Donkey::Oh yea Demarcus Cousins is The Biggest Crybaby In The NBA
CrkURdomE::you really are a donkey
crawgator5::I love basketball and I think one of the biggest differences in today's game is that players try to use their physical talent more than playing good bball, making good decisions, and thinking about their advantages and disadvantages every game, every play. Plus guys get so mad when they get fouled that it takes most of them out of their games. I mean, sometimes the foul is called and the guy still gets a tech because he's mad.
markbw1989::I'm surprised by the Kings right now.  They're starting to become more of a team, but they still have a long ways to go.  Fredette showed he knows how to pass yesterday, and I would like to see him start at the point and play a 40 minute game with Thorton at the 2 and Evans at the 3.  I think he can easily get 10 assists in a game.  That's a small line-up, but Salmons is pathetic and they would be way faster and quicker than most teams.  Jimmer also needs to learn how to draw more contact when he goes inside....he's getting blocked a lot, but who didn't get blocked a lot yesterday?
OKC_Donkey::Durant was off last night so westbrook had to step up and he did. Nobody looks that kd is right under westbrook in turnovers or that he takes dumb shots in late games like that three pointer last night. So everytime they lose they put the blame on westbrook but when they win they still don't give him enough credit.
gilflores1122::Yes u $@%! Westbrook is reason y they lost last night
OKC_Donkey::Yo sound so stoopid so what your telling me is that Westbrook is holding durant frm being a 50 point scorer every night?
scottiowa30::Durant dropped 27 and he could of had 50. I was at the game and Westbrook should have passed Durant the ball.
scottiowa30::Westbrook is the biggest baby in the NBA. Every flippen call he is crying to the ref. Who on earth does he think he is. By the way, OKC would win every game if Westbrook passed the flippen ball to Durant!
crawgator5::Until Westbrook gets "it", this team will never be as good as it could be. He needs to learn how to be a point guard. He is one of the most talented players in the NBA, but he also has lots of talent around him. I guess he thinks he's proving something by scoring so much. When he's on, it gets overlooked, but when he's off it just jumps out at you. He needs to harness his intensity and start thinking the game better. They're championship caliber, but Durant should be leading the way. Harden should get more shots and Sefalosha can play too. The Bigs want to do more than just block shots and play defense. To me, all of that is on the point guard who wants to be a shooting guard.
Da-THUN-Da::All you Westbrook haters. Westbrook is not a traditional PG and he doesnt want to be. Scott Brooks doesnt want him to be. He is a scoring PG he SHOULD and WILL shoot the ball. Everytime the Thunder lose the Westbrook haters come out. He is an ALLSTAR... AGAIN. The Thunder wouldnt be what they are without him. So all you people saying he needs to not shoot and pass the ball are wrong. He is one of our scorers. WATCH THE GAME
Qzhoopin72::You can't just make Westbrook try to be Mark JAckson or John Stockton....that's not the way he's wired and that's not what got him to the NBA. The guy is already a 2-time all-star at age 23....even though he didn't even start playing PG until his 2nd year at UCLA. OKC doesn't have anyone else that can make plays, aside from Durant and Harden, so you NEED another scoring threat.  Yes, he's gotta learn to cut down the turnovers, but when a guy shoots 15-26, like Westbrook ddid last night, he's not the main reason they lost.
crawgator5::But what if he settled down a bit? Not saying he should transform, just saying play the position, not just play YOUR game. But hey, if Brooks is cool with it, I'm cool with it. I'm not a Westbrook hater, I just love strategy, and players who make their teammates better, especially at the PG position. One of my all time favs was Tim Hardaway, but he never sniffed a championship.
crawgator5::I agree that they wouldn't be where they are without him but they also won't go as far as they can go with him playing like that. If he can get his shot whenever he wants, he should feel secure enough to set his teammates up and make them better. Who cares about the All Star game. He's not Iverson nor is he in Iverson's situation. It's cool with me though, I'm a Lakers fan and even they lost the 1st few years Kobe and Shaq were together because they didn't get "it", just like OKC. Sometimes, it just seems like westbrook is competing with Durant instead of playing point guard.
Jaywashing::I understand he's a scorer, but the point guard who plays alongside a scorer of Durant's caliber should be getting a lot more than three assists in a game. As much as I love this expanding breed of scoring point guards, a point guard who gets only a few assists is just an undersized shooting guard.
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Exactly! He never was a point guard. Players like Iverson started out a PG, but got moved to SG. You cannot make the same transition from SG to PG.  2 Suggestions for the Westbrook haters can do. 1.) Love Westbrook and Thunder the !@#$f Up! or 2.) Go be a fan of the Clippers or Spurs fan with the so called elite PGs.
designtoad::Kings still need to learn how to move the ball around. Let's see some teamwork, screens, passes and assists.
Warrior2288::westbrook 3 assists? terrible point guard
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Westbrook is the most aggressive PG in the NBA, that is why he has more TOs, but it's the reason why the Thunder are winning. If you blame everything on Westbrook, he has 20 wins and only 6 losses if the games are clearly his fault.
scottiowa30::Most aggressive in terms of scoring. Most aggressive in terms of game management, passing, D that is another story.
irespectcrosby::yea but hes trying to be a normal point by passing which he cant which causes turnovers
nba is the worst::Fun game to watch.  Thunder with too many turnovers, Kings ended up with 20 more FGAs
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Good home win by the Kings. Wish I could have payed more attention to this game.
scottiowa30::It was seriously the BEST!
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Yesterday, A Thunder fan said this game wasn't even going to be close. OKC in a blowout. When I proceeded to remind him about that last Wizards game, he called it a fluke. Guess flukes happen twice then?  Maybe he over-looked the 5 games in 7 days on the Thunders schedule.
scottiowa30::^^^^^ this + they don't have Westbrook locked up to a long contract!
cccrew::They're the youngest team in the league and just starting to learn how to play together.  They probably won't make the playoffs this year but the future looks bright.
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::End of the day the Thunder are 20-6 and the Kings are 10-16. Kings only play good against good teams making them a horrible team who can't compete against all teams equally.
joshsy77::Nobody is dismissing the fact that the Thunder has a better record than the Kings - so you can reasonably say that Thunder is better than the Kings based on overall stats but right now the one game that counts was last night and it didn't go your way.  Being a Kings fan we learn how to be gracious losers.
epolanco45::Dunno y  on earth Westbrook got that extension.  He is a freaking ball hog who can't shoot for sh*t
markbw1989::Yea what are you talking about he's legit and on the best team in the league....he must be doing something right.  Honestly him and Durant are all they have and that's really all they need to have
Qzhoopin72::15-26 fg shooting last night really backs up your point!!
CHughes1011::The Thunder loose every game that Westbrook scores more points than Durant.
markbw1989::hmmmm Warriors game?
hahahaha58::Lebron's fault.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::13 team assists...OKC is not ready just yet for a shot at the top.
jkuser100::Westbrook shouldnt be taking more shots than Durant tht should never happen on any nite  Westbrook= Ballhog
sponge-worthy::Westbrook's shooting % this game &gt; every single person on the TEAM including Durant. The guy who's having more success should generally be getting the ball
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Not true because Durant 3s are on a steady decline and Westbrook pop up shot % is increasing.
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Explain why not if Durant is off on his shot Discuss
scottiowa30::Durant wasn't off at all, yet Westbrook wouldn't get him the rock!
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::No team impresses me until the beat the Thunder at home.  Teams that beat the Thunder at home --------------------------------------------------- Blazers . . . . . .
Spursdc::No team impresses me until they win a championship
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::I dislike the new fans the Thunder obtain. They have no clue about basketball. The first thing they'll do is blame Westbrook. You trade Westbrook who will score points besides Durant? Harden will not get you +20 a game, without Westbrook. Durant would be double team every possession. This loss is due to consecutive road games and the coach not making the right subs toward the end. Newly fans you can keep blaming Westbrook and post the same thing about him every game like Westbrook,Brooks and Sam Presti reads the conversation box on ESPN.  The Kings and Wizards are terrible, but they all played the Thunder at the right time. The only team that truly beat the Thunder is the Blazers, the only home loss the Thunder have. Look at the record and you know I'm right.
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::The problem is not only Westbrook, I seriously watched every game the Thunder played this year. What I see is teams are focus on Durant, help from the other players like Ibaka, Perkins, and whoever playing the SG don't come. Westbrook has no choice but to drive and make something happen. I don't mind his pop up shots, but sometimes he does it with someone right in his face. Durant should stop taking so many 3s and drive the lane and put the other team in foul trouble. Perkins should quit setting up his post game in the high post, he travels every time. Ibaka needs to quit settling for the jumper, he's athletic and have enough reach to make dunks over people and beat them off the dribble.I have no complaints about Harden, but tone down with the acting after a foul.
AItheAnswer0001::Westbrook also doesn't get enough credit for his D. However, he is turning the ball over WAY too much right now and he's got to get that under control. His assists need to be upped somewhat too, though it's a little tougher when your bigs can't score.
Lesternesman::Lets go Kings.  The Cavs hope you make the playoffs (I know not gonna happen) so they get your lottery protected pick
k916ng::why did the thunder lose this game? their offense was terrible tonight. Sure they put up 101, but it was all pull-up jumpers from westbrook with no effort to pass the ball. Also, the kings are a superior team. whahahahaa
chooch0706::THUNDER ARE CHUMPS
Cabbage Mark::OKC still isn't ready to contend for a championship. Too many turnovers and not enough bench are going to hurt the Thunder.
Liberal Feminist::As a Thunder fan there's just no excuse.....Period!!  If we are going to win a championship we CANNOT loose to teams like the Kings and Wizards.  It just can't happen.  We need to figure out how to stop turning the ball over!!    Why not let J. Harden run PG and let Westbrook go back to his natural position SG.  Harden is a Much better passer/team player anyway.  Makes sense to me
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::What's worse a Maverick fan. People who posting about Westbrook, couch coaching with no general manager experience.  At the end of the day the Thunder are 20-6 Westbrook heading to his 2nd All-Star game, with your eX team not being good no more, hence on becoming Thunder fans now.
Qster15::Want to lose a game purposely? Give the ball over to Westbrook! He will show you how its done.
mshipp_215::I have a major problem with a point guard, at any level, on any team taking so many shots. But hey...whatever works I guess!
Qster15::in this case, the PG thinks he is the star of the team.
pepelopez239::i  guess "go hard" perkins wasn't so serious about winning after all
EWinz117::TERRIBLE OFFICIATING....Last 4mins, westbrook and Durant clearly hacked goin to the rack EVERY TIME NO CALL...
reingardl::I suppose that the Kings jumping to an 11-2 lead at the beginning of the game was the refs fault too.
ddan22::LOL.  Nice work Plunder!!
YoungQuin88::Ah I see what you did there....
Mr Viz::Gotta give my respects to the Kings tonight. And we know how it feels to get no media attention. Best record in the league pulling off clutch victories every night, but since Lebron tweeted what his favorite ice cream was, that gets wayyy more media attention.
rosebeckham::second best record*
Junked Up::.
Kevin396ss::That's too bad.  I want the Kings to release Cousins, so he can come to the Heat!
ccm7901::Why, why would you say that. We don't need that head case, what we need is to trade for JaVale McGee.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::F that
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Great win Kings, GG OKC. Gives us respect ESPN! GN all, GO KINGS!
Junked Up::Premature karma.
dumbNBAfans1::Bottomline: Only one guard in the NBA averages at least 22.7 ppg and at least 47% shooting after tonight, and he's your world's most hated immature man. He also adds in 5 boards, 6 assists, 2 steals to partially make up for his 4 turnovers. He can be 5 millionth on top PG lists because he isn't a damn PG. And there's no real reason to dethrone CP3 yet as the top PG, he's still young and in his prime.
YoungQuin88::yea I hate to break it to u bud, but he's already been dethroned by the mvp Derrick Rose brutha. He used to be the best point gaurd in the NBA, then he took a D.Rose to the knee....
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::RW is very good, but not elite. He can score, but he needs to be more of a passer and have less to's.
Koolnu::Rose Cp3 D Will Westbrook Nash Rondo
