RipeMango::Again, Bev is shooting @ 40% FG, close to his true potential.   These are very mediocre numbers for a point guard.  Again, for a guy supposedly great on D, he let a rookie Burke run all over him - which as I've predicted, will become the norm after most teams exploit Bev's weaknesses and know him better. Again, games like this, nobody will ever call Bev out for what he is  ... but the minute Bev starts making his shots, the minute he gets a 'steal', gets his lucky 'break' against Westbrook, all his fans come out of the woodwork, telling us how great Bev's Defense is when the truth is that it won't take long for opposing teams to adjust and play right back at his aggressive-hero tempo style of play.    But what begs the question is how McHale keep letting Bev shoot, even the last shot of the game, when Bev has never proven himself to be a good shooter under any circumstances.  Yet, to my knowledge, McHale has rarelyl trusted Lin shoot the final shot EVEN when Lin has a higher FG% than Bev this season AND last season.   Even when Lin can draw fouls much better than Bev.  But we all know the answer to reasons why...
Jacob::Not even on pace to be the worst team ever! Can Chicago and a road victory against Phoenix have been what fueled a season that sees 55 more wins to only 8 more losses? Not very realistic, but if things were based on how realistic outcomes are, games would NEVER be played!
M.J.::I hope Houston coachs especially McFail are fair enough to realize Lin's strong part and weak part and use him wisely. Let Lin controls the game and let others help on defence, don't blame Lin when Hardon didn't rotate the position for defence. Don't blame Lin when they got PnR off the blance. it's a team sports. Lin is not a super star. He is a good PG. When everybody have the same attitude as Lin, play team sport. Houston will be sure to have the playoff position, seed #5 to #8. No NBA title, that's for sure.
bgood2life::I don't know who Derrick Favors is beside's being the starting center for the Utah Jazz. However,i bet you D Howard does after tonight's game. He out played Howard,if you compare their overall performance against each other.
Rey::Jordan Hill is more productive than Howard...
Lance::Good win Jazz and to Big Marvin Williams, well done!
bgood2life::Do i hear D Howard tuning up to complain, he is not getting enough touches to be an offensive impact  for the rockets. However,before he makes his annual compliant,he should put his cards on the table,and ask the General Manager and Head Coach,do they have total confidence in his game.
a z::Patrick Beverley is listed as 6’1”, which means he is most likely under 6 feet. Can anybody name a proficient defense player under 6 feet (or even 6’1”)? Westbrook is going to kill Beverley next time they meet. Westbrook scored 29 points with a bad knee. Yeah, Beverley is a great defensive player.
Homer Fudd Jr.::How many shots did Harden jack up this time? His teammates should pull his beard every time he throws up another brick to remind him he's a ballhog!
Eddievee::Hey Chandler, take two Advil. Back problems, really? Can't gut out 10-12 minutes on the floor.Man up, son and tell the Bearded One to play some defense ON ANYBODY!!
