glbaco::Lebron swing-from-jungle-trees James.  Smash into people, hang from the rim, double dribble, take steps, palm the ball, goal tending.....I had no idea that is how one becomes famous in basketball (ohh..i forgot the body tats).
Superbowl black out 666::Lebron&gt; Jordan at making scrubs better without hall of fame coaching
NBA Is The Best Sport::Sorry. But nobody is beating the Heat in a 7 game series.  <b>NOBODY!</b>
Timmys Crossover136::Proof that you never played basketball: thinking that a jumpshot over 1 maybe 2 defenders is harder than starting from about the three point line, driving through the defense and actually finishing for a score
Sedale Threatt always goes left::Dear Miami,  Please don't shoot 66% on Sunday.  We could really use the win, you guys don't.  Kthxbai  From the desk of a Lakers fan
Beanslams46::Just keep wade's sucker punch elbow out of Kobe's nose tomorrow AND for the all-star game.
Inbound_the_Ball::Beanslams46 The NBA doesn't compile stats based on the "time" of the game, so it is all heresay.   -------------------------------------  Check your 'facts.' You see.... right there next to the tab that says Recap and Box Score ^^^^, there's a tab for this game called Play-By-Play. It says exactly what happened, when it happened, and what the score was. It even breaks it down by quarter. The NBA has been doing this for years.
Z Wade::That guy has no idea what he's talking about.
Beanslams46::Yes, PER is quite a mess.
wilhenderso 6::Uhhh, how hard is it to take the stats from each game and add them together to give you the season?  Didn't do too well with fundamental math I take it?  And FYI ESPN creates its own metrics and stats too that isn't done by the official league.  You must be new to the site as well.
Beanslams46::I was talking about adding up a players season totals for the last 5 minutes of games. NBA doesn't do that per season.
Gucci Force Four::Knicks fan here. I think all the people that try to detract from LeBron are morons. Without a doubt he's the best basketball player active. Durant is having an awesome season but even LeBron s.hitted on that. LeBron should be the frontrunner for MVP.
Z Wade::The only way he won't win MVP is if the voters get bored giving it to him.
Gucci Force Four::True. Although they shouldn't. Durant should be called Urant due to his lack of D.
Beanslams46::LEBRON CAN NEVER BE GOAT! He emphatically stated during a previous slam dunk contest he would enter the following season....amidst all the hoopla the following season and healthy, he chickened out. ... -- G.O.A.T. does not chicken out. He is tainted...
Pam_s hanging from a ceiling fan while I sit on a paintmixer::why do you care, when it's all said and done he will be #1
Beanslams46::ifs, ifs, and more ifs,.....I'm pretty sure blah blah blah is a feminine term.
Pam_s hanging from a ceiling fan while I sit on a paintmixer::and if he enters and wins (we all know he would) then you'd say it was fixed, the ego on this guy, blah blah blah. there's no satisfying haters
Beanslams46::.....chicken
A faixa azul::MJ = GOAT lebron = donkey, also known as a jack@$$
Inbound_the_Ball::Carmelo is supposed to be one of the most clutch players in the league right now according to the media and his fans. So let's compare LeBron and Carmelo, and see how unclutch LeBron is.  In the last 5 minutes of a game, with his team leading or trailing by 5 points or less... here's the stats.  Carmelo. 292 out of 697 for 42%.    On threes, he's 32 out of 118 for 27%.  LeBron: 442 out of 956 for 46%. On threes, he's 86 for 276 for 31%.  Now I'm not saying LeBron is the most clutch guy in the league. But he's shooting better than Melo in the last 5 minutes of a close game. And on those shots, he's scored 354 more points than Melo, even though they both came into the league at the same time.
nba is the worst::IMO 5 minutes and 5 pts is pretty arbitrary - I'd say 1 minute and 3 pts is far more definitive as far as clutch goes
Inbound_the_Ball::Look at those stats then. Do they show that LeBron is unclutch? Nope.
Beanslams46::It is impossible to compile stats like that, and whoever claims to is bluffing, even an espn nerd "statistician".
wilhenderso 6::Beanslam, are you re3tarded? All NBA games are recorded and analyzed by the league and analysts paid by in cooperation with different media outlets.  The owner of the different sports references.com has partnerships with these guys. That's how the site gets its data.
Beanslams46::The NBA doesn't compile stats based on the "time" of the game, so it is all heresay.
Inbound_the_Ball::Actually, its not impossible. Basketball Reference documents all these things. And doesn't even charge normal folks to use their website! Who'da thunk it!
Louis the III::we are all witnesses
Beanslams46::bicycles and white shirts? lol
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::Lebron = to joe flacco, won 1 ring , now they think  there are the sh it lmao
Timmys Crossover136::Is joe flaco the best qb in the game?
Beanslams46::No ASTERISKS for Joe Flacco, but somebody did try to go "lights out" on him. -- Joe Flacco &gt; Lebron
Louis the III::what
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::Is Lebron a clutch "NO"  he's a puss to shoot  the last shot limos
FadeBackShootAirBall::please stop listening to skip bayless and watch games..lebron's made more than enough big shots he also misses them..same as kobrick
FadeBackShootAirBall::anyway this board is dead I'm gone have a nice day Jordan slurper
FadeBackShootAirBall::skip bayless is you're idol and Jordan is you're lover..you slurp both of them
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::Fail
FadeBackShootAirBall::like that game tying 3 he made in Boston with 7 seconds left?
FadeBackShootAirBall::like the game tying layup he made against Milwaukee off a missed shot?
FadeBackShootAirBall::like the layup he made against Houston to take the lead with less than a minute left?
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::Hahahah 1 time hahahahahaha
ESPN IS::IM OUT HAVE A GREAT DAY HATING! SOUNDS FUN.
Last29.com::come back when you learn something about the Heat
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::Lmao lejoke= HGH
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::FadeBackShootAirBall - there's a that slurping sound again  What f ag
FadeBackShootAirBall::there's  that slurping sound again
ESPN IS::"HEY DADDY, WHEN I GROW UP, I WANNA BEAT A MIAMI HEAT HATER!" -son  "THAT'S MY BOY!" -nba is the worst, last29crap.com, willferrell
Last29.com::better than being a bandwagon Heat faker fan
A faixa azul::miami heat fans, still to this day have no idea who rony seikly or harold minor are.
ESPN IS::Last29.com Sexin' NbaIsTheWorst  Hey Idiots, lebron james is HUMAN. he makes mistakes, like durant. get over it mudda.f.u.c.ke.r.s.
Last29.com::You're a Heat fan who doesn't know what number Tim Hardaway was nor who the Heat drafted in 2003.
Last29.com::Question for Heat fans:  Who did the Heat draft in the first round in 2003?  You have 20 seconds to reply or I will assume you googled it. A true Heat fan would know this immediately.
ESPN IS::NOBODY CARES.   HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::ESPN IS - MARRY NBA IS THE WORST.  Fail
Last29.com::im not a Heat fan but everybody who is older than 10 years old should know this....unless you just became a Heat fan in 2010 then I could imagine how hard it would be.
ESPN IS::MARRY NBA IS THE WORST.
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::You do ,that's why you wrote lmao
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::You mean bandwagon fans ,There are no true fans
ESPN IS::11 shots, 30 pts = james 11 shots, 21 pts = durant
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::You mean layups lol
FadeBackShootAirBall::lebron only took 3 lay ups in this game..he did most his work from mid range and from 3..somebody didn't watch the game.
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::ESPN IS - man if i can take layups instead of jumpers, i would. anyone would. high percentage, smart shot.  He can't shoot lmao
ESPN IS::man if i can take layups instead of jumpers, i would. anyone would. high percentage, smart shot.
Last29.com::you realize 8 of those points Lebron had were Free throws after flopping right?
ESPN IS::lol i think i love you boy, just like i loved nbaistheworst. i love you both! LUV YA &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
FadeBackShootAirBall::@last yes..the same way durant flopped his self to 52 points against the mavs by taking 22 FT's
Last29.com::I state some facts and you reply with insults....are you 10 years old?
ESPN IS::i think you should marry NbaIsTheWorst, i think you'd love him, look him up boy.
FadeBackShootAirBall::Jordan fans are the biggest slurpers ever...it's just amazing how hard they slurp him, nobody can't call lebron great and be proud of his accomplishments without a Jordan slurper trying to trump it with something Jordan did..WHO CARESSS?????? Jordan career is over point blank.
FadeBackShootAirBall::I still hear that slurping sound..oh NVM it's a Jordan fan
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::Sorry I don't understand f ags
FadeBackShootAirBall::slurp slurp..
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::On lejoke dick I see haha f ag
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::Jordan 6 full season rings Lebron half a season ring very nice lmao
micheal3600::Half a season I didn't know 66 was half of 82
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::FadeBackShootAirBall - what's that slurping sound I hear?  Wahhhhh crying much lejoke is a joke
FadeBackShootAirBall::what's that slurping sound I hear?
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY-5::" I took some HGH from lance Armstrong "   Lebron
lilboosiana::That's haters only trump card when people speak of Lebron's greatness, OH LETS DEMEAN HIS ACCOMPLISHMENTS BY COMPARING HIM TO JORDAN WHO'S CAREER IS COMPLETED AND DONE.  The reason why ya'll do that is because his peers who he came into the league with doesn't measure up. The same argument ya'll make about Lebron is probably the same argument Jordan haters made about  Jordan relative to Magic and Birds career.
lilboosiana::You guys only ride Jordan so hard because Nike branded him in your heads and he came along right at the time of global marketing. Those are something Russell, Wilt, and Kareem weren't afforded
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::I just get irritated by it. Jordan fans are b.utt hurt and worried so they come in here flaunting about his completed career accomplishments. Obviously that is dwarfing LeBron's accomplishments at this point in time. They need to wait until both guys are done. Either way they should stop being bitter and just watch a great player and enjoy it.
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::Why would you be in here pissing and moaning then?
Last29.com::haha worried?  wow. Lebron can't even smell Jordans jockstrap.
Last29.com::Question for Heat fans....  What number was Tim Hardaway?  You have 20 seconds to reply or I'll assume you Googled it. A TRUE Heat fan would know this immediately.
Last29.com::It's been 8 minutes and the Heat fans still can't tell me what number Tim Hardaway was?  Damn....you guys are some loyal fans.
Beanslams46::They're all lebrontards.
lilboosiana::False, Kobe told the Hornets organization he did not want to play for them.
Last29.com::From Wikipedia  However, Bill Branch, the Hornets' head scout at the time, said that the Hornets agreed to trade their draft selection to the Lakers before picking Bryant. The teams agreed to the trade the day before the draft and the Lakers did not tell the Hornets who to select until five minutes before the pick was made.
Beanslams46::Those high school boys have a lot of pull., lol...but Lebron was a grown man and ran away to a team of superstars, reneging on his promise to win a Championship for the Cavs.
lilboosiana::Well good, so the next time you Kobe groupies talk about Lebron taking the easy way out in teaming up with Wade and Bosh, ask yourself why did Kobe run away from leading a small market team like Lebron did.
Beanslams46::Kobe was out of high school you moron. The Lakers fought to get him, and traded a valued center for him.
Last29.com::Lebron played 7 years for the Cavs and left as soon as he realized his mom was banging a scrub on the team.
lilboosiana::Who was Kobe drafted by but rejected because he didn't want to play for a small market team?
Beanslams46::charlotte, but the last part of your question is incorrect. You should have stopped at "drafted by".
Last29.com::now answer my EASY question
Last29.com::Charlotte
Beanslams46::Jordan was the best of his generation. Kobe is the best of his generation, which is too bad for Lebron,
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::James is the best of his generation.
Beanslams46::Lebron is in Kobe's generation, that sux for lebron. KOBE 5 LEBRON 1*
lasportsfanforlife24::amen brother
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::MJ fans are all worried because if they actually watched Jordan play and the people he played against and compared that to LeBron and who he plays against it is dead obvious who is better. James is faster, bigger, stronger, better at attacking the rim, he has better court vision and is an unselfish player, and James is already developing a post game earlier than Jordan did. Jordan fans always bashed on Wilts stats because he played against "scrubs" in the 60s and 70s. Its true that players overall were less skilled and less athletic compared to the 80s and 90s, but the same applies now. The average player in Jordan's era would struggle to be a D leaguer today. James is the better player and when it is all said and done and James retires, Jordan will be in his shadow.
lasportsfanforlife24::lebron- why dont i have a dad gloria james- because i $@%!$@ every guy i saw
lasportsfanforlife24::championships aren't won in december  -kobe bryant
xmanfolife::Clippers need to move to Anaheim....just saying.
Last29.com::..LEBRON OWNS ALL... claims that Lebron is better than Jordan...so let's look at the facts.  MJ = 6 championships, 6 Finals MVPs, 5 MVPs, 3 All Star MVP's, Defensive Player of the Year, ROTY, 10x scoring champion, 3x NBA steal champions, 10 NBA First team, 9 NBA Defensive team, NBA All Rookie First team, 2 slam dunk contest champion...  Lebron = 1 NBA championship, 1 NBA Finals MVP, 3 MVPs, 2 All-Star MVPs, ROTY, 1x Scoring champion, 6 NBA first team  sit down.
lilboosiana::LOL you think Lebron cares about scoring titles. When it's all said and done he will have more assists, rebounds, steals, blocks, and points than MJ.
lilboosiana::You're comparing a ended career to a guy who is only 28 Shirlock. Let the man be great and watch his career play out instead of being a irrational hater.
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::He doesn't care about scoring titles... Jordan just chucked more shots per game....
Last29.com::well he has a long way to go still to even catch up to Jordan...he's got what maybe 10 years left...so Lebron has to get 9 scoring championships and 5 rings + 2 more MVP's and get a DOTY award and lead in steals 4 times until then.
xmanfolife::Word....
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::Lets look at the facts. At 27 after last season, James was a 3 time MVP and an NBA finals MVP. At 27 Jordan was a 2 time MVP and a 0 time Finals MVP. So far this season James is even better than last year, shooting 56 percent from the field (higher than Jordan ever did.) James has done more for his age and to compare career accolades both careers need to be finished. Toolbox.
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::You are so bitter it isn't even funny. You bring up stuff that has no relevance to anything.
Last29.com::haha...keep trying, Lebron isn't even close....plus he flops and is too afraid to compete in the slam dunk contest and then whines about his salary.
xmanfolife::No argument there.....still Jordan's crown until somebody takes it.  Kobe's on his heels though n terms of jewelry.........&amp; sheer court presence.
lilboosiana::OKC will never beat Mia if they keep matching up in the finals. The reason why Miami plays them so well is because they can match up with their athleticism and Miami forces them to shoot jumpers. Bosh neutralizes Ibaka's shot blocking, you can't leave Bosh alone on the perimeter, his jumper is automatic.   I also think the Harden trade was stupid, Harden's ability to put the ball on the floor and create shots will end up costing them. I know he played like crap in the finals, but the only reason why they got past the Spurs was because of Harden.
xmanfolife::What happened to the new &amp; improved Clippers?  They sure look chumps lately....
lilboosiana::Clippers will be alright, i don't think they will get to the finals with their poor free throw shooters though.
lilboosiana::Ya'll need to get off the titles nonsense, Jordan doesn't have more rings than Russell but somehow ya'll don't make the argument for Russell. Kareem is more accomplished than Jordan when you factor in his high school and college career too.
Beanslams46::Guards have to work harder to score as they are smaller, Kobe and Jordan could both be in the GOAT talk.
Last29.com::Search Youtube: Kobe flops = 2 results Durant flops = 1 result Jordan flops = 0 results Lebron flops = 985 results Wade flops = 1,439 results
xmanfolife::Kobe was a top 5 five defender at the peak of his career.......now he's just average, &amp; he pours it on n spurts....just father time catching up w/ him like everybody else.
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::Yet James is a better defender than everyone else listed... Hmm...
Last29.com::LOL...Lebron hasn't been on a SINGLE all defense team, you are an idiot.
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::Leading the league in steals against the awful SG's he played isn't that impressive. James is the defensive player of the year so far this season, so that will tie them in that category, and finally James is first team all defense year after year and he will at least catch up to 9 appearances.
Last29.com::Is that why Jordan has a Defensive PLayer of the year title, led the league 3 years in steals, and was named 9 times to the NBA All-Defensive teams?  Lebron has none of those.
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::Yes I did. Jordan had Pippen defend the other teams best player all the time. James can also defend four different positions, Jordan could not.
Last29.com::Woah...did you just say Lebron is a better defender than Jordan was?
Andy McNugget::bron bron
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::The beast
Inbound_the_Ball::There's Durant, inventing new flops. The sideways jump flop. He's working on perfecting it this season. I've seen him deploy it at least a dozen times in many varying situations.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUDuCL_Ady4
Inbound_the_Ball::Durant commits an egregious flop. Your video is nothing more than a head snap after contact. Which nearly every single player in the league does. Keep trying though.
Inbound_the_Ball::You are seriously blind. Odom runs into LeBron. Odom running into LeBron's side is a foul. That's not a legal defensive move and it is a foul by the rules.   Did LeBron sell the contact? Yep. Just like everyone else does. But he didn't flop to the ground like a fish. Durant does that every single game I've watched.
Last29.com::there was no contact!  Watch it again, Odom's hand is at least a foot away and Lebron snaps back like a bi.tch.
Last29.com::I got a Lebron flop for you form just last night.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cywKWyRHCt8
Last29.com::Who will be considered the greatest player in 10 years from now?  Lebron or Jordan?
lilboosiana::You can't compare a dude who is midway through his career to a dude who has finished his career. Logic!
xmanfolife::Jordan or Kobe.....unless somebody rips off more titles than those two.
xmanfolife::Jewelry don't lie....not like Kobe was riding the bench during his title runs w/ Shaq.  That was a one two punch the league had no answer for.....neither would have their rings without Phil Jackson....same with Jordan.
lilboosiana::LOL Kobe piggy backed to over half his titles, at no point was he ever the best player on the Lakers first 3 rings.
lilboosiana::It's all relative.  Rings = it's Russell If it's accomplishments, basketball career (college too), titles = Kareem If it's accomplishments, b-ball career, titles, and globalization = Jordan  I think when it's all said and done Lebron will change the game in his all around ability and his athleticism. He'll define his generation.
Beanslams46::The story of lebron's life always involves a crystal ball, becasue he's always currently shy of the greatness meter.
Beanslams46::Jordan will be considered the greater player because when he ran to the wizards, it was to try to make a lesser team great.
Heatle Beatle::Unless Lebron rips off 4-5 more titles, it's still Jordan
Beanslams46::Heat got revenge on the Clippers, need the rubber match.
HeatManZE............::have to wait til next year.....cause clips won't make the finals
HeatManZE............::bc season wins against heat have met anything....just ask bulls and celtics fans
Beanslams46::they're off to a good start winning the season series with the heat.
HeatManZE............::could?...they haven't won a series on 10 year
Beanslams46::Knicks could win the ECF!
HeatManZE............::its reported that timewarner cable...will be broadcasting lakers games on comedy central
lilboosiana::Kobe doesn't get enough help, someone get him Golliath.
Beanslams46::Enough help to win his next Championship?
lilboosiana::LOL at if you can't beat them joint them. If you can't win without a dominant big man, throw your GM under the bus and complain until he gets you one.
HeatManZE............::who are los angeles lakers fans.....i 'll  kobe bryant's 6-24 shooting for a 1000  alex
lilboosiana::Kobe fans are some of the most insecure people i've ever see, are ya'll that threatened by Lebron. If we're being honest Duncan has a better career than Kobe.
Beanslams46::you mad, bro. KOBE 5 LEBRON 1* -- Break that!
Heatle Beatle::Kobe 2 finals MVP Lebron 1  and Lebron has a lot of time left.
Inbound_the_Ball::They have been mad ever since LeBron started breaking all of Kobe's youngest scoring records. They've been trolling ever since.
Beanslams46::25 years from now: KOBE - LEGENDARY LEBRON - WHO?
Inbound_the_Ball::5 to ten years from now Lakers fans will be crapping on Kobe's legacy to prop up their newest star. They crapped on Shaq's legacy, Magic's legacy, Kareem's legacy... all to try to make Kobe look better.   They'll do the same when they get their next star.
Inbound_the_Ball::The Lakers organization puts up statues. Many Lakers fans, especially the Kobefans, try to crap on those guys' legacies. They'll do it again.
Heatle Beatle::It was like pulling teeth to get Kareem a statue
Beanslams46::No, Lakers put up Statues.
lilboosiana::Lebron is a 1 of 1, Kobe is a poor man's Jordan.
NotSo-SlimShady::No, not really.
NotSo-SlimShady::Magic Johnson said LeBron is already a HOF.
Heatle Beatle::no
NotSo-SlimShady::I'm excited for tomorrow's beat-down of the Lakers ;) .
nba is the worst::The Lakers without Gasol will win 38 -39 games at best.
lasportsfanforlife24::21 jump street!!!
bballfballfan::his avatar makes me laugh...that was a funny as.s movie...waiting for part 2
bballfballfan::$@%!$@.g funny!!
NotSo-SlimShady::"You have the right to...... suck my d*ck".
Last29.com::i know its from a movie, but your avatar makes me want to beat down your face.
NotSo-SlimShady::Your avatar suits you well.
Inbound_the_Ball::The Ace 318 If you can't beat them, join them!    -LBJ  ---------------------  Name one time LBJ played against Bosh or Wade in the Playoffs.  What's LeBron's regular season record against the Raps and Heat when he played in Cleveland?   I'll wait.
Last29.com::Lebron is the biggest flopper in NBA history. He will never be compared to Jordan or Kobe. He is a fraud and a phony who flops to win and rides the coat tails of other players.
junrav13::Last29 is really a kobe fanatic, not a jordan fan.. He is comparing jordan's accomplishment vs lebron, because although james is only in his prime, not yet finished with his career,  many are already saying that lebron is really better than his kobe.. Bwahahall
Inbound_the_Ball::Durant has taken over as the most flops per game leader, by a mile.
bballfballfan::inventing new flops you say....damn your imagination gets the best of you
Last29.com::youre delusional inbound
Inbound_the_Ball::I watch the games. Durant flops alot. He's even inventing new flops.
bballfballfan::not you...this inbound the ball guy
Last29.com::i have, I saw Lebron flop 3 times last night alone.
bballfballfan::dude watch an actual game not highlights from youtube
Last29.com::false.
nba is the worst::I appreciate what you're saying, but Wade clearly flops more.
bballfballfan::me? personally no but im just a fan of NBA so im not going for any particular team
NotSo-SlimShady::So, you don't like the Heat?
bballfballfan::true that
vsalad22::kobe hows my a** taste??
bballfballfan::go ask him
HeatManZE............::you know better
nba is the worst::Funniest part about the rings argument is how those 50's- 60's rings are only worth about half of a modern-era title as far as degree of difficulty to win
nba is the worst::The top seed in each conf got a bye, so most titles only needed 8 wins to get - twice vs teams with losing records (1956, 1960).  The reserve clause meant players had to sit out a year to change teams, so Boston stockpiled the best players.
NotSo-SlimShady::I agree.
nba is the worst::Credit or discredit is meaningless, but perspective is reasonable, that's all I'm saying
NotSo-SlimShady::So you think we should just discredit all the titles from the 50's - 70's?  What about the Bulls titles from the 90's..  The NBA was in the middle of the expansion era during the 90's and you only had to win 3 games win the first round.
Inbound_the_Ball::The league was less watered down back then. Far fewer teams, meant far greater competition. I'd say its a wash at best.
NBA Is The Best Sport::and you arent in your late 50's or mid 60's. Yeah Right. 28 yrs old?  <b>LMAO!</b>
nba is the worst::I can't agree. No free agency meant red auerbach (who was ahead of his time - the 1st to start 5 black players) kept the best and traded the rest. "Greater competition" and 11 titles in 13 seasons doesn't add up
Beanslams46::Goes to show you the aptitude of Laker Champions winning 5 Championships in the past 13 years along with 7 Finals appearances in that same era.
NotSo-SlimShady::So we should discredit the Lakers titles from the 50's and the Celtics titles from the 60's?
vsalad22::salary cap saved basketball
Last29.com::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cywKWyRHCt8
bballfballfan::nobody cares about your damn links from youtube
bballfballfan::funny thing is the celtics fan base, for the most part, dont bring up 17 titles, but the laker fan base, for the most part does bring up the 16 banners arguement....funny
nba is the worst::Ridiculous, it's basically the only thing C's fans CAN "bring up"
nba is the worst::Not at all - while not being a fan of either team, I strongly prefer good team basketball, which the Celtics play.
NotSo-SlimShady::You seem to have a slight rooting interest for the Lakers.
NotSo-SlimShady::How bout the 2013 Lakers? What's going on over in L.A.?   Kobe and Dwight the new Kobe vs Shaq?
bballfballfan::haha yea that was outrageous
NotSo-SlimShady::"Bynum for 3"
bballfballfan::naw bynum knew his place
NotSo-SlimShady::Bynum?
bballfballfan::true but i guess i should have said talented bigs with big egos**
NotSo-SlimShady::Didn't he win a couple of titles with Gasol and Bynum?
NotSo-SlimShady::Gasol and Bynum?
bballfballfan::basically thats how it is....kobe just cant play with talented bigs
NotSo-SlimShady::Boston Celtics - 17 Championships Los Angeles Lakers- 11* Championships
Beanslams46::Go back to the kitchen and clean, lol
bballfballfan::^ you make no sense and your fav. show is probably desperate housewives
Beanslams46::only a girl would drum up "desperate housewives" drama like your post, pure nonsense.
bballfballfan::^ i guess he/she thinks your a girl
NotSo-SlimShady::?
The Rock 8.0::16
nba is the worst::Only Celtics fans care about this.  Carry on
bballfballfan::^ yes
NotSo-SlimShady::So should OKC honor the Sonics title from 79?
The Rock 8.0::Its still the Lakers franchise idiot
NotSo-SlimShady::5 belong to Minnesota
Beanslams46::1. LAKERS 16 (5 IN THIS CENTURY) 2. CELTICS 17 (1 IN THIS CENTURY) --- CLASSIC EPIC BATTLES
NotSo-SlimShady::17 &gt; 16
NotSo-SlimShady::And last time I checked, Kobe did not win the championship on his own, and neither did LeBron.
NotSo-SlimShady::Why should I care about LeBron?
bballfballfan::was in refernece to kobe, lebron
NotSo-SlimShady::Huh?
bballfballfan::5&gt;1
The Ace 318::If you can't beat them, join them!  -LBJ
bballfballfan::yea im sure lebron said that and you happen to record it or write it down to put it on an espn board...good job
