BK HOTSHOT::I take full credit for the win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. Yes it was me who made 5 recommendations in order to improve the BK Nets 2 nights ago, after the San Antonio Beatdown. 1)Fire PJ Carlesimo &amp; replace with Dan Majerle or Patrick Ewing. 2) Fire GM Billy King &amp; replace with Chris Mullin. 3) Trade Brook Lopez &amp; Kris Humphries for Al Jefferson &amp; Bargnani. 4)Trade Stackhouse, Bogans &amp; Brooks for younger more energetic players. 5) Demand more from "JOE JOHNSON." He should be more agressive like Lebron, Wade &amp; Kobe.
sportsfans1995::Does anyone know whats wrong with NBA.com? It keeps sending me to the NBA Mobile. Anyone know why..
Porkchop8920::Nice win Nets!!!!!!!!!!!
OrdellR::all this tells me about the Nets is that theyre f uc kin lazy
OrdellR::they got fired up and won in OKC. what does that mean about all of the games thy have lost? it means that they are p oo p b utts that loaf around and dont try. why do you think joe johnson was a drag on ATL? Why is Deron "just not feeling it"? They are mentally soft
Porkchop8920::how? They just went into OKC all fired up and won by 17...
Porkchop8920::I comment on almost every Nets game
OrdellR::PS this just reminds me that Nets fans swoop in and comments when their team wins a game
GarbageUspeak::theyll go on another run...nobody goin the whole season loss-less...Bout time durant got fired up but even that was watered down compared to say ....Rasheed?
ThunderUp...GoBirds::oh well, can't win 'em all
FTLakerFan::finally, Durant gets all the calls, every game, its about time he had some go against him
James Harden 3 point Celebration::get off our board laker fan
giangir::Laker fans have the right to complain.  Never in the history of the NBA have the Lakers EVER gotten any calls.  The refs and the NBA are always against the Lakers. Must be some west coast small market bias....
James Harden 3 point Celebration::p.s. they suck
09Skeet::Thug Durant
Redskins534::Yeah. He is a real thug...
-Td4mvp3 -::Knicks are gonna get their @$$es handed to them tonight...:)
-Td4mvp3 -::knicks are gonna get their @$$es handed to them tonight...:)
4 Petes Sake::Feel sorry for the 76ers.   Should be a good night for the Knicks.
-Td4mvp3 -::anytime the thunder and clips lose and the spurs win and the heat almost lose to a sorry team, its a good night :)
-Td4mvp3 -::anytime the thunder and clips lose and the spurs win and the heat almost lose to a sorry team, its a good night :)
4 Petes Sake::Fair warning Spurs fans.  Payback is a bit.ch  Im going to be trolling your loss to the Knicks tonight SOOOOOOO fu.cking hard.
ThunderLoseAgain::^^^^Only one "whining" is your wife when she has to make love to you!
-Td4mvp3 -::bro we're only giving u what u dish out to us...take it like a man geez
hofersf49::*you're
4 Petes Sake::r u whining??  So OKC fans were the first to ever talk junk.  God your an idiot.
4 Petes Sake::WTF???  We lose to the Nets, still in charge of the West by .5 games, and Spurs fans are here talking ISH??  Have fun in the CITY that never sleeps.  Knicks are winning tonight.  Spurs are too old for a back 2 back.
-Td4mvp3 -::i wouldnt call .5 "STILL IN CHARGE" idiot
4 Petes Sake::Only 1 spot for #1 CLOWN.  SA is currently #2.
-Td4mvp3 -::my man d-will put a hurtin on westbrick lastnight
-Td4mvp3 -::notice all the die hard okc fans didnt bother to show up today or last night...typical
ThunderLoseAgain::It's a free country, just like your mouth!
Complaint Dept.::Lol
4 Petes Sake::Did I just debunk your stupid post by showing up??   Ha ha ha.
4 Petes Sake::Still off for Christmas numbnut!   Why are you here????
ThunderLoseAgain::You always show up, you have no life!
4 Petes Sake::You led us in the regular season last year..........How did that work out for the Spurs??
-Td4mvp3 -::hahahahahaha..............ha                        -spurs
Magic are better than you::So why did Durant get ejected?
caleb_sports::Pretty sure durant yelled "thats bull $%^&amp;" after he made the call after reading his lips from the replay. That deserves a technical if he is saying it to a ref...
jrtall3n7::aggressive actions towards the ref resulted in the first T; aggressive actions continued after the T, resulting in a second T. 2 Ts = ejection. this is simple stuff folks.
lgelewski::for saying it was a abd call, not yelling or getting out of control just saying the nba protects refs more than players or fans
4 Petes Sake::Danny crawford got his feelings hurt.
JonahNYC::Nets shot 50% with or without Durant in the game. As Durant said, the defense didn't step up all game.
4 Petes Sake::Look man, OKC stunk it up a little.   There was no chance for OKC to win once the refs started calling ticky-tack fouls on OKC and not Brooklyn.
Porkchop8920::Not the Nets fault OKC went for every shot fake
damann88::How is Danny Crawford still a referee?  If mild mannered Durant and Duncan both can't stand you, you have a problem.  FuckCrawford, FuckStern
4 Petes Sake::Just throw Joey Crawford in there for good measure.
lgelewski::Ir reply makes zero sense
AGMonda::Never forget Camby fouls Nash  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaZIAXJJDKQ  never forget...
Porkchop8920::that was Joey Crawford, not Danny Crawford
Mikeferrari3::Thunder had home court in the finals lol
Complaint Dept.::Yep, for 1 game!
Kitastrophy::Don't blame an inept Crawford for this loss!  Realize that the Thunder were losing the whole game and we were out played at home against a good team that played better than we did last night!
lgelewski::oh &amp; ur pic is fruity
lgelewski::They need to replace refs every 3-4 years, these old guys get stuck in their ways, fans see the players not refs
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Mr. Sensitive Crawford strikes again... smh
Porkchop8920::different Crawford
EuropeDude1981::thunder need to watch their step. They're better than this. Remember last year they had the best record in the NBa most of the season, then at the end they let the spurs and heat overtake them in the standings. Result = they needed to beat the spurs in san antonio (!) only to play the finals without homecourt advantage. Thunder are easily the best TEAM in the NBA and only the Thunder can stop them, but they just might
Spencer-Jones::The Thunder had homecourt advantage in the Finals. 2 games in OKC then 3 in MIA then 2 more in OKC (never got that far though)
Kitastrophy::You sir are delusional!
Complaint Dept.::Yet the "best" team in the league has no ring!
luimi12345678::everyone blaming a 17 point loss due to refs
dmac8945::YOU'RE RIGHT. It was a 20+ lead in the third.
walsh4president::it wasnt a 17pt lead when the refs started to take over the game int he 4th
deymayor::what about changing the starting lineup and having JJ come off the bench?  the starters are too good in the first Q then fall off in the 2nd and 3rd Q.  this team needs some balance since CJ, Brooks and the others are simply not contributing and can't hold a double-digit lead.
Porkchop8920::NO WAY!!!! Johnson carried the Nets last night. Watson was dressed but didn't play because he's hurt and Brooks usually plays more than he did (or didn't). He'll play 17-21 minutes in most games
Qzhoopin20::Just heard that idiot Skip Bayless, try to blame OKC's loss and Durant's ejection on Russell Westbrook, for "taking 2 more shots than KD and committing 6 turnovers".  It's nonsense like that which makes me questions Skip's credibility when it comes to NBA ball.
SeminoleCounty::It's only nonsense like that? Hell, every time he opens his mouth you know it's going to be something idiotic coming out.
kidplay44::Just a few minor changes with this thunder need to happened or im afraid were not going to the finals
BK 1st Shift Manager::You can go to the finals.  Just buy a ticket.
Complaint Dept.::Lol
kidplay44::We really to trade for a big strong down low post player and Brooks need to be harder on discipline his players his coaching sometimes is questionable   he seems layback too much. I wish westbrook would learn to that when when hes trap just dish it to the open man and not turn it over
Kitastrophy::Damn, Joe Johnson worked us last night!  That's the old Joe I know!
Kitastrophy::Ohh yes, one of the best in the league when he plays like that!
MikeInTheKeys::That's why he's the $18 million dollar man!
walsh4president::i'm not a OKC or BK fan, but the refs seemed like they had a vendetta against OKC last night.
jrtall3n7::I thought they were letting a lot of things slide on both ends
GI Joe With The KungFu Grip::Durant was mad because Crawford didn't like "Thunderstruck"
endurance117::If LeBron did this you would be all over him
SeminoleCounty::So what did KD do to get ejected?
rtbjr3000::He was just arguing a foul called on his teammate but like he said, "they have a quick trigger now a days"...
jrtall3n7::nah it's been well known for a long time now if you demonstratively gesture right at the ref while yelling, you will get a T. KD was making the point that he didn't care any more, he knew his actions would get him T'd and he continued to do it because he wanted to make a statement by being ejected.
rtbjr3000::Who the heck nba officials think they are? usually i don't condone that kind of behavior, but i'm glad K.D. gave it to that bum official.
jrtall3n7::Looked to me like Perkins did commit a foul there.
doggbrown1::we need a ovverrated chant for deron everytime he has the ball :)
rtbjr3000::He knows he's over-rated just like that other bum Joe Johnson.
topwhodi::That's sad that two overrated players worked the Thunder.
doggbrown1::deron the overrated williams still suck
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::I'm glad KD cursed out the ref.... he fking deserved it
Jmorgan279::So KD gets thrown from a game for simply arguing a call? No foul language, no physical contact, no screaming like the other dumb a holes?
luimi12345678::how do you know what he said
texrcana24::Yeah, I think this was one of those times where he knew the game was out of reach and he wanted to send a message to his teammates that he's willing to go to bat for them.  His intention was to get tossed.  Coaches will often do the same thing to send a message.  It's not uncommon in basketball.
walsh4president::actually KD did say F U (the actual words) to the ref.  You can see it in the replay.
HaywoodWorkman47::the f u was after he had heard the second technical whistle.
Jeremy Lin Top 50::He probably told the ref to go "doodle jump" himself and the ref took it in a nasty way.  ;)
Space Possums Attack::Not sure how that was an ejectible offense...ref was having a bad night.  It happens.
texrcana24::Was at the game last night and it was not the refs that lost the game for the Thunder last night.  The Thunder's first quarter performance was atrocious.  That being said, it was probably one of the most inconsistent and poor performances I've seen from an officiating crew this year.  Calls made on one end were not made on the other and there was easily twice where flops were actually granted to the Nets.
Gatorrunner1971::Statement win for PJ and the Nets
Master_Of_Everything_::I ain't no cornball brotha  -KD
Justin W. Lanning::My issue is with Perkins (dirtiest player in the NBA).  I HATE that Durant (most calm player in the NBA) got caught up defending that punk.  If anything is ever called on Perkins no one should defend it even if it appears a bogus call at the time, since it's simply making up for the 1000 uncalled Perkins cheap shots.
cha204::So Kobe can practically rape the refs, Lebum crys a river, Dwade acts like a big bitc h sl apped ho! Thanks refs Thunder will ride this shiit to the championship!
lbrownri::Haaaa...Haa...Ha!! Frickin funny!!
MikeInTheKeys::"That's it, ride it!  Ride it you dirty girl!" -- Pornstar
jbtitan100::nets are one of the most inconsistent teams. how do you go from getting pooped on one night by the spurs to beating the thunder the next? this team is a mess
jrtall3n7::i know they have been playing together for a whole couple of months now. time to blow it up.
77cradle2grave::Now you know that KD is the coolest dude in the NBA - for him to get ejected(his first time in his career), that ref was on drugs....
cha204::You are known as a S per m Guzzler!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Known as a cry baby!
