parkerabel251::No Blazer fan should be proud of this game. The Timberwolves have 2 D leaguers playing a lot of minutes and 4 of 5 starters sitting out. Its pretty easy to say you played good against a team with that much injuries.
sk0dawgs::thanks for clarifying us blazer fans were super excited over this win.
timetodienow1234567::The Blazers are SG and 2-3 quality rotation guys away from the playoffs. But they need their core to drastically improve to become contenders.
FantasyNazi::The Blazers need a defensive minded center more than a SG.  Hickson is not the guy to protect the lane.  He isn't a good fit next to LA.
Maniacpkt::Blazers would greatly benefit from a defensive 2 in the starting rotation, with a scoring 2 coming off the bench for an extra punch
mark35345::Is it the injuries or Kahn? All teams have injuries so it's got to be Kahn. What are you waiting for Glen Taylor? For him to screw up another draft or sign another Kirilenko?
Terrmac2657::Kinda wonder if you know basketball at all mark35345 I mean comeon man Love, Rubio, Pekovic and Kirilenko all  missing considerable time allready this year if not 3/4 of the games HOW CAN THEY WIN. Tell me that mark NO team could win with record numbers of games from there top 4 players missing. Pay attention alittle better.
FantasyNazi::It's the injuries, but Kahn could easily go because he hasn't exactly been a great GM.  He does seem to be getting better though.  He was really bad at first.   As for signing another AK, it was a good move signing him.
sk0dawgs::sweep
MinniWolves90::$@%!
Minnysota Vikings::S or F?
Laker Hater No. 693::Both of these teams have a better chance at getting into the playoffs than the Lakers.
crooked ernie::totally untrue! kobe is gonna get them into the playoffs-guaranteed!
Kobelies247::lol
Prigioni4MVP::<b> Is Ricky Rubio here legally? <b></b></b>
Kobelies247::Hes so cute noone cares lol
Kobelies247::I dont care what anyone says, Rubio will be an amazing player! Might take a few years but it will happen!
Terrmac2657::WILL BE  Kobelies  Try guarding him right now. The guy is amazing allready, he sees the floor as well as any player in the game right now. Hes averaged like 15 points, allmost 10 assists 5 boards and allmost 3 or 4 steals a game the past three weeks . Thats allstr numbers baby.
crooked ernie::if you didnt care what others said you wouldnt of said you didnt care.
minncharger::balls
LilDwayne21::#TEAMS IN THE WESTERN CONFERENCE WHO STILL HAVE A SHOT OF MAKING THE PLAYOFFS:  1. LAKERS  2. TRAILBLAZERS   3. DALLAS MAVERICKS     "And that's the end."
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::You should have stopped before #1
big145fly::Yeah $@%! you bandwagon
LilDwayne21::#TEAMS IN THE WESTERN CONFERENCE WHO STILL HAVE A SHOT OF MAKING THE PLAYOFFS:  1. LAKERS  2. TRAILBLAZERS   3. DALLAS MAVERICKS     "Th-th-th-that's all folks!"
LilDwayne21::The Portland TrailBlazaers have kept their Playoff hopes alive with a win over Ricky Rubio and the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::I think Portland should try out the Maynor/Lillard combo more with Matthews at the 3, Batum at the 4 and Aldridge at the 5. Lots of floor spacing and very athletic.
Kobelies247::Hows Broy working out for you guys?
tgreen21::D.ouche!
Rude Boy Chicago::AK47 will return to play This year?
Minnysota Vikings::Yeah, he's just got a strained calf.
sjohnson2013_08::Minnysota Vikings When 100% healthy, I think we're similar to the Grizzlies, except for the part of having a good defender at the 2 guard spot. ----------- What he meant to say was: "When 100% healthy, I think we're similar to the Grizzlies, except for the part of being any where near good."
sjohnson2013_08::What so good about almost getting a triple double? Especially when you score 12pts on 3-10 shooting, and have 5 turnovers.
Terrmac2657::You know what suks is Rubio had it allready with 4 minutes left I dont know what happened as they took a assist and a rebound away from him down the streatch for some reason. Which kinda suks because guys like James and other greats get assists and rebounds sometimes just because there in the gym. Maybe had something to do with playing in Portland huh.
colin55422::@Skylander- I've watched enough Wolves basketball this year to know that this roster, even if healthy, is not a .500 club, let alone a playoff team.   No athleticism (except DWill and at times Cunningham), way undersized at the guard positions, can't protect the rim AT ALL, and hardly anyone can shoot.  Does that sound like a good nucleus to you?  I didn't think so.
MNflorida::when healthy, we certainly are a playoff team. Shooters: Buddinger, Ridnour, Love. Rebounding: Love and Pek are two of the best in the league. Defense: very lacking but AK is one of the better defenders there is. Scoring: Rubio will give any player a very good look if they are active and can finish, plus, Pek has become very good at posting up
colin55422::Unfortunately, Wolves haven't beaten anybody with a winning record since early January.  In close games there's still no isolation type of guy. KLove does not count. He cannot create his own shot.  At this point I'd say trade him now for an athletic 2 guard and maybe another player. Gotta do away with either Ridnour or Barea. Each is too small and can't guard anybody.  Try and keep Pek and find a shooter somewhere.
Skylander14::They are far from a finished project even when healthy sure, but they aren't a low lottery team like you have said.  They certainly need quality depth and they need to upgrade the wing positions if they ever want to be a contender.  Trading Klove for an unknown athletic Sg would not make the team better.  As for drafting, I would like Porter and with the later pick Hardaway. Hardaway is a tall SG that can shoot from long range, exactly what the team needs.
Minnysota Vikings::I'd rather just have us draft Oladipo
Skylander14::I will agree they need to add some shooters, which is why Budinger was a key piece but they are not in nearly as bleak a position as you state.
Philip Murray::Agreed. When healthy they are nice. they could use a toney allen of their own for sure!
Skylander14::They were around .500 before they lost Love so I get the feeling you have only been paying attention recently.
Minnysota Vikings::When 100% healthy, I think we're similar to the Grizzlies, except for the part of having a good defender at the 2 guard spot.
Philip Murray::Good news is our starters can hang with anyone. Now we just need that bench to keep doing what we saw tonight!
Philip Murray::Finally! Some nice production from the bench! Need that more often. Even with a week bench, the blazers can be good if we see some fight to them. Which is a big reason Maynard is such a big addition. Truly the best upgrade to our bench we needed. Hopefully he can help the rest of the bench step up too!
dwighthowardsamazing::Since when does derrick Williams play 40 minutes I'm used to him getting dnp coaches decisions. Even without love
MNflorida::he has been a lot better recently, earning playing time
Minnysota Vikings::Gotta say....I can't believe the number of trolls the Wolves get sometimes considering they're a small market team who's been struck by injuries.
Kobelies247::Portland looked good tonight...
STDSnBeers::ncks +4 1/2?
Orckrast::*Knicks
dipset73::I think I'll do over in the heat/knicks and thunder/clips games then...
STDSnBeers::nicks 21-8 at home.. heat 16-11 on road... nicks with +4 1/2  looks good..
dipset73::So heat are due then? Idk man heat are rolling,I can't bet against em.
STDSnBeers::true..
STDSnBeers::nicks won by 20 both games though...
dipset73::Heat-4.5 lol see ya tomorrow
fosbe2009::Anyone know how long Pekovic is out for?
Ill-Blaze::isn't he just day to day?
fosbe2009::Tough season for the Wolves, I'm really cheering for them, but lots of injuries doesn't help.
RickyWolfioGOAT::lil lard and west high are the turtle bros
bananajoe1981::YES!!!  Portland over 108 points and I have won 400$$$.  Great night for me.  good night everybody.
bananajoe1981::easy????  only 1 point was important for my win .  Over/Under 108 points was a very heavy bet tonight.  I had good luck
STDSnBeers::u won.. but dumb bet
Hairy and Heavy::Betting against the T-Wolves is easy.
colin55422::As a TWolves fan, I gotta give the Blazers management props. They always seem to find good players. They rarely have a down year.  Our management team on the other hand, suc.ks. Just another year of being one of the worst teams in the league, and nothing positive in sight.
Ill-Blaze::yea I'd do a complete overhaul in your front office and look to replace aldemann he hasn't been able to turn you guys into contenders
sitewolf::so you don't think having KLove and the role players that are injured would mean more wins? I'm a Blazers fan...I love the starting 5...but the bench is horrible
Skylander14::Still you and you don't need to copy and past my comment, that's just a waste of time.  Love is not the whole team but yes having Love, Budinger back would help the team tremendously as well as AK-47, Josh Howard and Pek. Right now the team is getting big min from guys like Johnson and Gelabale and you are judging them based off that, which is down right stupid.  You just sound like the casual fan who gets extremely pessimistic after every loss.
colin55422::Skylander14 - Its not even role players. Look at the past two games the only starter that was healthy was Rubio. This team has talent to be good when healthy but they will still need to add some depth and shooters.  30-52 when healthy? You are clueless they can nearly accomplish that this year and they haven't been healthy.  By 'healthy' I mean having Love back. You think Chase Budinger and Kevin Love add 10 wins to this club?   Who really doesn't have a clue?
Skylander14::Its not even role players. Look at the past two games the only starter that was healthy was Rubio. This team has talent to be good when healthy but they will still need to add some depth and shooters.  30-52 when healthy? You are clueless they can nearly accomplish that this year and they haven't been healthy.
colin55422::Honestly, I don't like our mix of  players. Not nearly athletic enough, especially at the guard positions, and we don't have enough guys who can flat out shoot it.  I think even if healthy this is only a 30-52 club.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Hairy and Heavy must have a great life. Trolling an NBA board on a Saturday night!
Hairy and Heavy::Minnesota sucks. I owe it to myself to talk trash to you losers
Capt. Derek Jeter::A Wolves-Blazers board, might you add!
Capt. Derek Jeter::swami30, what are the new Pope odds?
Hairy and Heavy::t-Wolves might be the worst team in the NBA
Ill-Blaze::lol I think we passed our injury bug off to you guys
Minnysota Vikings::Just so you know, you're basically trolling our bench, which is pointless.
RickyWolfioGOAT::*most injured
LebronJames__IS_THE_BEST___::Im gay
STDSnBeers::gross. aids..
JairusHawkinns::A Heat fan. Of course you're gay.
Capt. Derek Jeter::No problem with that. Good for you for coming out of the closet.
RickyWolfioGOAT::my ex got a new bf within a week woooooooooooo $@%!$@% !$@%! DIE
JairusHawkinns::Sounds like a sl.ut to me.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::alright boys we got the heat on Monday!!! Let's knock them off
sjohnson2013_08::Jonny Flynn &gt; Ricky Rubio
famousfoot1000::Yep the guy that almost got a triple double playing with 4 bench players is horrible
Minnysota Vikings::GG Blazers fans. Man, I can't wait till we face off with both teams at full strength.
Ill-Blaze::mathews is the one legged phenom and batums is the sprained wrist shooter lol
Capt. Derek Jeter::Sad thing is, this is almost full strength for us.  Just some small injuries are bothering us right now.
Ill-Blaze::idk I think we could start to see some production kind of sad you guys have had so many injuries but on a side note I think a game like this could be a confidence builder for our bench lol
Minnysota Vikings::You guys have a great starting lineup. Just need some bench production.
SpartyOn1220::Matt I'm gonna shoot a 3 up 13 $@%!$@% Lillard. Good job.
dipset73::5 game parlay ruined by losing the under in this game.wow.
dipset73::Oh ya.no better place.free health care.higher living.and no natural disasters.100x better
STDSnBeers::Only thing good from Canada is Nelly Furtado
dipset73::Yet I'm still better then you in life ;)
dipset73::Last weekend in college,nba,nhl went 24/24 total from my 5 parlays totalling $2,800.so I'm not that mad i lost this one.using free money.im greedy n want more tho.
STDSnBeers::u hit parlays bout as often as Greg Stiemsma hits his shots
Minnysota Vikings::living in Canada? No thanks.
STDSnBeers::AHAHAHA HAHAHAHA
Minnysota Vikings::LMAO!
Point center::Bhahahhaha
famousfoot1000::Yea we lost by 15, Id like to see the blazers with 4 starters out.
STDSnBeers::He's anal
Ill-Blaze::you sound butt hurt
Point center::Lillard wannabe Westbrook is overrated
Tyler BarnesMNSports::good game blazers fans!!! hope you guys go on a run and make the playoffs instead of the lakers
swami30::OVER!!!!!!!
STDSnBeers::u sweated it though
3 fans like this.::Lillard = MVP
jerryboy760::Lillard &gt; Rubio that is a fact!
sjohnson2013_08::Ill-Blaze no spurs &gt; the heat you guys almost lost to the spurs bench rofl  ----------------- Didn't the Spurs just lose to the Suns?
Ill-Blaze::and didn't the heat lose to us when they came to portland?
Ill-Blaze::yea but they also lost to us too
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I understand it would be nice to get a good draft pick, but i don't believe in tanking. I'd rather see improvement through the end of the season, and maybe carry some momentum into next year. I'm not going to root for the Wolves to lose
Skylander14::I wish the Wolves could tank on the level of the Magic and Bobcats but it isn't going to happen. This draft has some good wing players that would be perfect for the Wolves like Shabazz, Mclemore, Porter. We just need good draft position. Hopefully we can get Hardaway Jr with the Griz pick. He is the shooter we need.
Not Not Got Teh Ban::i want mclemore
Capt. Derek Jeter::Tanking can also lead into momentum for next year. Like us, trading Gerald Wallace for essentially Damian Lillard.
Capt. Derek Jeter::But it depends on situation.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Not really. We don't want to go into next year knowing we had 20 wins last year
Minnysota Vikings::I want the Wolves to tank until Love and Budinger come back, then I want to see how we do at full strength. Is that fair?
Tyler BarnesMNSports::maybe haha
RickyWolfioGOAT::AT THIS POINT RUBIO GOT ME FILLED UP AND READY TO BURST
Point center::Overrrrrr
LebronJames__IS_THE_BEST___::They should have a rule where only championship teams like the heat should be shown on TV. Not garbage teams like this
