larshook::I see the hack a Howard concept has evolved into hack a Nugget. Every time we go into the paint now everyone swings wildly at the ball. If the defense were carrying axes Denver would have no hands.
diehardnr1::well Nuggets do seem to shoot the FTs as poorly as Howard...so it may be a viable strategy for opponents...jk...kinda
colosportsman::I don't think it was a foul either..But Fournier needs to not get sucked into that move by  trying to knock the ball out of his hands. Thats why Ellis put it out there in the first place. That was a veteran move. The Ref then had to make the decision whether it was a foul or not.
I prefer boxers over briefs::The ref didn't see it - he just assumed.  Shouldn't call what you don't see.  Hastings talking about that right now.
Pachecorocks28::Did you guys see Nate Robinson go for the jump ball? If not, watch it on YouTube. That is crazy creativity!
olsonmt47::Where was the foul on the 4 point play?  I still can't see it.
sbanuelo88::it's the phantom foul.
Pachecorocks28::You guys think the Lakers will make it in playoffs or the Jazz? I hope Lakers, but I really don't know. I hope the lakers don't knock us out of the playoffs at some point. I don't think we have to be worried with Kobe out for good.
Pachecorocks28::Hah hah hah.
Pachecorocks28::That's true. I would just like Nash to win a championship before he retires.
whooperman::I used to hope that, until he joined the lakers and got that ridiculous hair cut.  He is dead to me now.
SouthStands::Painful as it is to root for the Lakers, I think they would be a tougher match-up for the Thunder than the Jazz would be. I'd rather see the Lakers for that reason only.
Cdot22495::so can someone explain how denver hasn't clinched the 3 seed when we're up one on the clippers with one to play and we hold the tie breaker on both memphis and la
SouthStands::Yep...if Denver loses tomorrow night and the Clippers win tonight and tomorrow, the Nuggets and Clippers have the same record.  Tie goes to the division winner.  If Denver wins one more or the Clippers lose one more, the #3 seed is Denver's.
Cdot22495::i would never object to a clippers loss.  or any la team for that matter
SouthStands::That's a good point!  Denver just needs to do their job and take the guesswork out of it...  ...I wouldn't object to the Clippers getting beat tonight though!
Cdot22495::at least the nfl has the division winners the top four seeds regardless of record.  you would think it would be either the division winners get the top three or just base the seeding on the records not try to combine the two. oh well take care of business on wednesday and hopefully houston will get the 6.  go nugs
SouthStands::Yeah...that's been discussed on here quite a bit. I can see both sides of it I suppose...sucks when Denver is in the middle of it though!  It's like the Seahawks hosting a playoff game against the Saints a couple years ago. They were 8-8, but got home field against a better New Orleans' team because of their division title. Bottom line, it happens outside of the NBA too.
Cdot22495::that is dumb.  i would think if you win the season series it wouldn't matter if you win the division.  thank you.
Pusherman3::Nuggets got the job done.  Nice work.
gw687::Last night really illustrated the importance of Kenneth Faried.  We missed the energy and we missed the rebounding.  2 of those last Bucks possessions don't happen w/ Faried in the game grabbing the board.  However, I would not rush him back.  Get the 3 seed Wednesday and let him rest against the Warriors or Rockets for a game or two, he has to be 100% to effect the game.
Finnegan5033::Curious how Buck fans feel right now. 7 games under .500, 5 game losing streak but still have the final playoff spot locked up. I guess its always fun to make the playoffs but at the same time how can you feel good about your team?
jayeteee::Because it's their team and any real fan wants to think their team has a chance once they get in. Just 'cause your T-Wolves aren't getting in doesn't mean you have to bag on a team that is getting in.
tincuprob::Is Larry Sanders on IR?
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::Nuggets made this a closer game than it shouldv'e not of been, with all the missing FTs ( Which is usual) and all the missed layups in the paint, where we live at!
This_Guy1::So, I take it Milwaukee fans want Jennings out of Milwaukee?
FS_The_2nd::Just looked at Jennings' stats for the 1sttime , lol
SouthStands::That was an ugly win for Denver...I underestimated the Bucks. I also underestimated what no Faried means. I knew it would be significant...just not that much! Thankfully he's planning on being back for Round 1!  Glad the Nuggets got the job done...one more win or Clipper loss and Denver's got the #3. I'm excited...I really think Denver matches up well with anyone. Not one team in the Western Conference scares me. I'm not suggesting any team in the Western Conference is a push over, I'm just saying I think Denver matches up well with anyone.
27toothless27::I thought they wrapped up the 3 seed last night.
SouthStands::Absolutely...Go Nuggets!
27toothless27::Thanks for the info
SouthStands::No...but they did wrap up home court for the 1st Round.  If the Clippers win their last two and the Nuggets lose to the Suns on Wednesday, the Clippers get the #3.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::So Lakers can get the 7th seed which means they will be in our bracket in the playoffs if we ended up as the 3rd seed. Spurs aren't the same team anymore so the Lakers will give them fight. I kind of scared of Curry but hopefully Iggy slows him down..!
SouthStands::If the Lakers upset the Spurs, Denver gets home court in Round 2...yeah, I'm not worried about the Lakers. Kobe? Yes...he's superhuman during the playoffs. I know there are a lot of people that are down on him...and I'm not a fan of him as a person one bit...but he's a heck of a ball player. Closest to Jordan I've seen.
SouthStands::Of course I've heard of Steve Nash...sadly for him, age has finally caught him. he's missed the entire month of April already. He's a first ballot HOFer, but he is not the same player he was. He may be able to run the offense, but he's not staying in front of PGs like Lawson, Paul, and Parker.
whooperman::Have you ever heard of a guy named Steve Nash?  He is coming back very soon.  Howard is an anchor you start with every single time down the court, not to mention Pau.  Kobe always had to have the O start through him which takes the ball out of howards hands and most of the time he just jacks it up.  Kobe barely shoots 40% and will take 30 shots a night if he can.  Just watch the Lakers will be better without him.  I hate the fakers with a passion btw.
SouthStands::I don't know...Kobe is a closer and elevates the play of everyone around him. I like Howard and Gasol up front, but how are they really that different from a team like the Clippers or Grizzlies? They have no good PG to run that offense either like the Clippers have with Paul and the Grizzlies have with Conley. I just don't see the Lakers as a great team. I would imagine the Lakers as a .500 team with their roster sans Kobe.
whooperman::Agreed, but personally I think the lakers will be better without Kobe even though it goes against conventional logic.  Howard is a better man to run the offense through but Kobe would never allow that while he is in.
SouthStands::...I know. I'm saying that Kobe and the Lakers scare me...the Lakers...not so much.
whooperman::But Kobe is out no matter what.
diehardnr1::I actually WANT to see the Lakers in the playoffs....only way to get rid of the DEN playoffs albatross is to wring its neck!  But then again, LAL could lose, UTA win and Lakers fall totally out...okay with that too...lol
diehardnr1::Someone...johnnyB, I think....made a statement earlier noting the effect that Faried absence had on last nights energy level.   SO TRUE!  Nuggets need him back at 100% very, very soon...not only for the energy he brings...but so as to not wear out Chandler, Brewer and Randolph having to make up for missing both Gallo and Manimal.
ovechkinsgoal::i guess the nuggets don't miss nene.
diehardnr1::only times I ever missed him was when he was disappearing in the playoffs...
milwaukeemonster2::bucks continue to find ways  to lose games...  get blown out from start to finish  get blown out...then comeback...then lose  blow the other team out...then...gets blown out  play a close game...all game..then lose at the end..etc..  sickening...
Allowing 60 characters for a username seems a bit excessive.::I feel ya', man. I'm a Colorado Avalanche fan. 'Nuff said!
Pachecorocks28::Fournier had quite a game until the Monta Ellis 3 late in the 4th that he didn't even try to block it.
Pachecorocks28::Definitely. I wonder If George Carl will put in timofey mozgov more often. He's got potential.
Pachecorocks28::That is a good point.
diehardnr1::ty...and a huge reason Faried needs to get back and healthy...extended minutes may really start to affect players like Evan and Randolph after sitting most of the season.
diehardnr1::well it WAS his first NBA B2B with extended minutes in both...the whole team seemed exhausted from 3rd Q on...
Aye_Kool_Aid::...
whooperman::Nuggz!  Lawson is back!
troyleikam::so the bucks had an issue with 2 gaurds that just keep jacking the ball up so what do they do they trade harris who they thought wasnt good enough to play and now looks like a future all-star and the 1 gaurd in udrih that actually controlled the game when he came in for another gaurd that just keeps jacking the ball up they play luc richard for his defense when he gets burned every time i watch and has 0 offensive skill and keep players on the bench that would be doing better i think its time to clear out every person on the team involved in making decisions this year (and the past 20 for that matter)
d_bokk::To be fair, only difference between our guards and Harris is that Harris is a forward who jacks up the ball. All this team needs is for Jennings not to be on it and they'll play a lot better, too bad we got rid of Udrih otherwise we'd be 5th seed right now.
diehardnr1::George Karl for COY!!  I am amazed that a coach that has ZERO AllStars, a 20-7 record vs WC playoff teams, sustained injuries to 3 key players down the stretch, started the first 32 games of the season with the most lop-sided H/A schedule in DECADES, and still sets a team W-L record..............is NOT a unanimous choice.  Even ESPN says Karl deserves to win...but that Spo will win it...smh  The Heat love has got to stop when it gets to the point of destroying the integrity of the game...
Allowing 60 characters for a username seems a bit excessive.::Very good post, and "Even ESPN" is right. As a Colorado sports fan it has repeatedly been abundantly clear that as far as that network is concerned we live in the 'Dead Zone'. Not even debatable. So, don't expect the truly remarkable job that Karl has done with this team to be recognized and talked about according to its merits -- not w/them. Irks me.
diehardnr1::Will anybody else be ecstatic if the Nuggets beat PHX...not for just the 3 seed...but for not having to explain the tie-break system 8 times an hour?  :-)
69durango::Isn't it great to be needed.
washheightsboy3::I'll be more excited for the second part.
diehardnr1::GG Bucks!  DEN tried their best to give it to you guys...I am actually still amazed that Nuggets won this one... GL vs Heat!  WOW! I cannot believe that a team can miss so many lay-ups, FTs, rebounds, and give up so many ticky-tack fouls...and STILL win the game... Unbelievable effort and never surrender attitude!  Murphys Law and the schedulers almost made this a very bitter night.  Kudos to the entire team for fighting through the (imho) ugliest game of the season. KoKo seems to have traded hands with Mozzy and legs with Miller...dude seems worn out lately...and JaVale just seems out-to-lunch at a critical time of the season...might be brilliance on Nuggets FO part in keeping Mozgov. Gonna blame this one going down to the wire on the B2B road fatigue...  Extra Kudos to Ty for the GW shot and Karl for not having a stroke...  Now go get some rest and then go get that 3 seed!  GO NUGGETS!!!
kezmicdust::Having 46 free throw attempts always helps...
I prefer boxers over briefs::kezmicdust - Having 46 free throw attempts always helps...  ====  Do you realize how many phantom calls the Bucks got - including the 4-point play at the end?
diehardnr1::not hacking to defend the paint usually keeps those numbers down as well
EuropeDude1981::monta "1 for 11" ellis strikes again. How can a guy be so good one day and just so horrible on just as many other days is beyond me
d_bokk::Ellis is good most days, unlike Jennings who sucks all the time.
all you guys are unathletic so shut up::idiot
RoidRage1986::jennings went 1-11 monta scored 38
slowquin::woo hoo next up is the Suns...I can almost see the 3 seed within reach
MileHighFly18::Gotdamn, what would we do without Ty Lawson?!
Jonnyb8717::5-1 right?.... something like that. Go Nuggets! Go Ty!
diehardnr1::probably be opening first round vs MEM is my guess...
-tpac_12::God I hate Durant and OKC
diehardnr1::yes...approaching LeBron and MIA hate level... sick of Sterns goons...er...refs
barteltd::Amazing game!  one more win and they have the #3 seed.
Hlee196::If we don't beat the worst team in the WC Wednesday then I will not watch the playoffs...
Jonnyb8717::I didn't acknowledge the affect of Faried's energy until last night.  I think his missing presence affects the entire team energy level from horn to horn.
diehardnr1::Come on...you KNOW you will watch no matter what...  I expect a different energy on rested legs vs Suns...
MileHighFly18::Real talk frostno. Although, I would rather them lock up the 3rd seed because I know without a doubt they can make it past Hou or GS. Memphis is a much tougher test.
frostno1998::Enjoy because I will look forward to the Nuggets beating down Memphis with the home court advantage instead.  Talk about ungrateful fans, your team clinched home court in the playoffs without a single superstar on their roster dude.
vinlocsta::Nuggets &gt; Knicks
RoidRage1986::funny thing is their best players are all former nuggets minus tyson chandler
69durango::KNUGGETS...Melo, JR, Kmart, Camby and Felton.
dustpuppy::Prima Donnas - all of them. KM, CA, MC, and JRS. Perfect for New York and its immediate first round exit. Who's their opponent?
barteltd::Goes without saying.  Best record in franchise history.  The Nix would be a 6 seed at best in the western conference.
NickInP-Town::i about had a brain hemorrhage and died at the ripe old age of 25 after this one...between andre miller, the horrible rebounding, and the officiating, it was all a little much.
diehardnr1::Winning games, like this one, is the true mark of a dangerous, hungry team...
barteltd::I thought they handled it great.  The pretrade Nuggets would have lost their composure and the game after the adversity and bad calls.
NBA Announcer::Weeks ago, I claimed it would be great if the Spurs got the 2nd seed and matched up with Denver in the 2nd Round, rather than playing OKC. People thought I was crazy, I hope ya'll understand now.
diehardnr1::DEN probably going to have to beat both if they want to advance to their first finals... However, I will be quietly pulling for the 7 and 8 seeds to pull off upsets and give DEN HCA throughout...not impossible...GS or HOU are capable of beating a hobbled Spurs team and the refs will keep Lakers competitive...
Hlee196::I like our match up with the Spurs if we make it then... I like our up tempo game against the spurs slow tempo.
NBA Announcer::Never said it was a bold prediction. Most nugs fans said they'd much rather play OKC in the 2nd round. Regardless of health and age, I think we're a better matchup with Spurs.
BurnabyJoeFan::I don't know about most.. but I think Gallo was our biggest matchup problem for the Spurs.  McGee does well against Duncan.. Kosta is nonexistent.  There are matchup problems with both teams.. but yea... Spurs don't have KD which is a big plus.
BurnabyJoeFan::OKC went to the finals last year.. that was your 'bold prediction'?  I think a lot had them passing the old spurs especially since Parker went down (which was 'weeks ago')
NBA Announcer::Also, the whole "Nuggets don't have a closer" argument shouldn't ever be mentioned by analysts again. Ty Lawson has hit 3 game winners this year, Iggy has hit 2, Gallo hit 1, and even Brewer hit one. This team has guys who can hit the big shots.
stein1630::Denver has at least 2 closers on defense, which, to me, are just as important as offensive closers.
Jonnyb8717::What was going on with brewer last night?  He has been playing exceptional ball recently than he couldn't hit the broad side of a barn last night... very uncharacteristic of CBrew of late.
MileHighFly18::^ Comment of the night
barteltd::We don't have a closer...we have 3 or 4.
Hlee196::I know we do but I hate close game. I wish we win games by 10 plus pts every time.
BurnabyJoeFan::Brewer has pulled out a few games.. whether a steal, shot or block.  He has been very clutch.  Miller has had a couple too... your right.. we got plenty of finishers.
LeftBaseline::Corey Brewer. Please don't gamble too much and leave the best 3 point shooting team in the league open behind the arc.
Roma Capvt Mvndi::GS have one of the best atmosphere in playoffs,tough place to win
RoidRage1986::The problem that the Warriors have is A. They can't defend the paint very well. B. They don't score in the paint very well either.   The Warriors would have to shoot somewhere around 50% from 3, and make about 12 a game to really stand a chance.
BurnabyJoeFan::agreed... we would kill them in the paint.
BurnabyJoeFan::Tell us Nugget fans (37-3 at home) how good and tough GS is at home... go on..
BurnabyJoeFan::OK
twosedinsnocup77::Have you seen the Nuggs home record?  Or the fact that we play at a mile high above sea level?
NBA Announcer::Golden State worries me just a little in the playoffs. Nuggets aren't great at defending the 3, Curry has been tearing it up from downtown. I think if Iggy can shut him down in the playoffs, we win in 5.
Jonnyb8717::Look at the other end...  GS has one of the worst defenses in the paint, which is where the Nuggets want to live (Points in the Paint = Nuggets basketball).  The Nuggets get beat deep all the time, but if a team cannot stop our "in the paint" offense, we can be unbeatable.
twosedinsnocup77::Yeah, I mean they can hit their shots.  BUT, that's what they live and die by.  They don't have the balance to win a playoff series.
Roma Capvt Mvndi::Nuggets will need 7 games to beat GS,they cant win at road and we know what happened to Mavs in 2007
LeftBaseline::The Nuggets vs Warriors series will end in 5 with Denver moving on to the 2nd round with time to heal Manimals ankle and sure up Ty's heel.
twosedinsnocup77::GS sucks.  All they can do is hit jumpers.  Kind of like the D-league version of OKC.
BurnabyJoeFan::Just won on the road tonight... and a lot of other nights if you haven't been paying attention.
NBA Announcer::We already beat Golden State on the road, would have been 2 wins if Iggys game winner at the buzzer wasn't waived off.
Roma Capvt Mvndi::GS upset alert
diehardnr1::Agree...I thought GS victory over Spurs-lite was a huge upset...
RoidRage1986::Just tell me who will stay in front of Ty Lawson and we'll talk. Steph Curry will get torched by him and we can counter steph with Iguodala.
BurnabyJoeFan::Yeah I saw that.. Spurs play everyone?
BurnabyJoeFan::Yeah.. they aren't moving.. smart move by Pop
RockyMountainWay1::Spurs rested all their players pretty much
twosedinsnocup77::No...  GS are like the Nuggets without being able to score in the paint.
444Mike::I'm tired of people saying that we've clinched the three seed. Tiebreaker for seeding goes to the division winner, not head-to-head.  I guess they'll finally learn when we win Wednesday vs. PHX :]
BurnabyJoeFan::I think most people on here get how it works.. really just writing of PHX.. but your right.. can't rest yet.
444Mike::Yeah, we can't overlook them.  A first-round series with Memphis would wear us down for the later rounds
twosedinsnocup77::We're fine man, lol.  Like I said, biggest upset of the year if we lost to the Suns on Wed.
NBA Announcer::This is possibly the most consistent Nuggets team I've seen in the last decade. Even the Carmelo teams had a strange tendency to lose to bad teams, even at home. Aside from the 2 Wizards loses, this Nuggets team seems to pull out the tough wins against anybody.
BurnabyJoeFan::<i> Even the Carmelo teams had a strange tendency to lose to bad teams, even at home. </i>  Yeah.. it's called quitting.. taking a game off.. not showing up. Only thing that drove me nuts about him.
RoidRage1986::Masai Ujiri is out of this world amazing at being a GM. He comes into a situation with the only Star on the team wants out, trades him for a ton of really good players, gets rid of the attitudes (KMart, JR, Nene), and now has had 2 picks in the 20's (Faried, Fours). Signed Brewer, AR when they had been castaways. EVERY MOVE HE MAKES TURNS TO GOLD!!!
RoidRage1986::Not a chance? We'll just see about that.
BurnabyJoeFan::Yeah.. he is batting 1.000 for sure.  I hope Stan and Josh reward him heavily and lock him up.
colobr731::Playoff results will still be similar though.
twosedinsnocup77::We'll see what happens.  I think they can do it but hey, I'm a Nuggs fan and you're a Nuggs hater so we're entitled to our opinions.
colobr731::Nuggets will win the first playoff series, not a chance at beating the Spurs or Thunder though. Unless Iggy plays out of his mind, they aren't good enough defensively to make a serious run.  Much improved, but they aren't on that level yet.
twosedinsnocup77::They'll be better than the last few years as far as playoffs results go.  Anything is an improvement over losing in the first round.
BurnabyJoeFan::still doubting?  talk to ya in a couple weeks.
RoidRage1986::wrong, next
RoidRage1986::Forgot to mention, traded 2 players who didn't fit with the squad for the best defender in the league.
twosedinsnocup77::Welcome to the 3 seed Nuggs!
charlie hustle bets the over::smh...they haven't clinched
twosedinsnocup77::They play the Suns on Wed., in Denver.  I would hope they could win that game.
BurnabyJoeFan::got one left.. but great wins on a back to back
twosedinsnocup77::Yep, they should pull the game out on Wed.  That would be one of the biggest upsets of the year if they didn't.
nicksdaboss44::bucks have no chance at beating the heat. That crap record  should not let them into the playoffs
RockyMountainWay1::Well we're playing the Dubs.
LeftBaseline::I am worried more about Corey gambling a little too much and leaving open 3's. With Klay, Curry, and Jack shooting prowess. I hope GK tells the guys. The 3 ball is more important to defend then the paint. Nugget bigs are shot blockers and the Dubs don't have the finishers.
LeftBaseline::Oh Well. We match up pretty good with them. WCW David Lee is there only low post threat. Bogut does not have lift and looks tentative. We got this. Dubs ain't doing nothing. Iggy will be glued on Stephon all series.
RockyMountainWay1::Bogut is a bum, Curry worries me so does Jarret Jack
NBA Announcer::My heart dropped when Reddick had the ball fall in his lap for that 3 in the final seconds of the game.
choate_sedition::Is Jennings hurt?
colobr731::Coming off an injury technically. Thats not why he sucks though.
colobr731::I'm completely done with Jennings. If the Bucks sign him, there is no hope at all for this franchise. Should have fired Hammond a long time ago, he will take all the Bucks cap room this summer and do whatever the wrong option is.
Huert::i think he throwing it , he wants out.
LeftBaseline::Would of been better to get a lottery pick and somehow get Trey Burke. But ya'll should sign him and see what the FO can get for him. #lessonsfromMasai don't let assets walk.
colobr731::They have failed to find a trade for him twice already this year and last year. I don't think they are capable of doing something good with him. At this point cutting ties with him and escaping only having paid him a rookie contract is a win.  On principal I agree with you though, a good franchise would sign and deal him.
nicksdaboss44::go nuggets. People were wrong about us. they predicted us to do worse than memphis and LA. I think the nuggets can beat any team. Go through and win the nuggets first championship
