lazyasian88::30 free throws to 9 in the last 5 games lakers 143 vs opponents 75 take out the atlanta game and it becomes 127 to 54 (235%) hack a dwight or no that is still one massive difference.
madlal5::Everyone that was saying last night Lakers are done, keep watching and stay tuned. 1.5 games out and that monkey is off their backs and you will see a resurgence. A team without that pressure every night reduces that stress. And Pau is coming back in 2 weeks. Finally we will have atleast a 4 man rotation. Beware
4283Mark::Hopefully the Lakers will pound them in the playoffs.
Matthew Borba::http://thunderobsessed.com/2013/03/lakers-meltdown-meltdown-made-for-movies/  Look inside how Laker fans talk during games. Half of the time wanting their team to just fight the opposition. The other half complaining that they aren't getting enough foul calls in a game where their team shot 40 FT's.
Sonic_Sooner::Unbelievable!  Faker fans complaining about not getting enough foul calls is like Tim Tebow complaining about not getting enough media attention.....
ThunderHornz::Hey kobe,  Beep Beep!  Roadrunner Westbrook
ThunderHornz::What a fekking idiot egotistical fekking tool!  Russell might have kobe blood ON him- if him had it IN him he would be much slower.  Yeah kobe, you're a snake all right......
jcmaggi::Once again, good game OKC.
Chris31708::Someone please tell me why the Lakers would want to face the Spurs?  The Spurs would destroy the Lakers too. They're 3rd in defensive efficiency so they are capable of shutting the Lakers offense down. They will hack Dwight constantly and while they're not as athletic as OKC or the Clippers, they're still faster than the Lakers, judging by good they are at stealing the ball and forcing opponent turnovers.
madlal5::The spurs are a slow offensive team. Basketball is all about match ups. The Lakers have an advantage in every position beside PG against the Spurs. Every game we've played the spurs. It has come down to the buzzer. The playoffs are a different beast. If you have ever played sports you would know once you get that monkey off your back your like a whole knew person. Look at Lebron with his ring. Now it's just the Lakers getting above .500 for only the second time this seaso and being in the playoff picture. When that monkey comes off the Lakers back its going to be a surprise for most of you.
scabbfan::kobe reputation just gets more exposed everytime the plays great players.
el_dude00::...uh...because Black Mamba, rings, banners, Gasol, and..uh...Earl Clark. Yeah...that.
ThunderHornz::Spurs would win
scabbfan::Lakers have had most talent in NBA but results: 2011 -  Swept 4-0 by Mavs 2012 - OKC wins 4-1 2013 - All teams win 4-0
scabbfan::Best Guards in NBA:      kobe = 12th best Parker CP3 Rondo Westbrook Rose Wade Harden Igoudala Irving Williams  Curry
madlal5::Seriously you must be new to basketball. Raise your basketball IQ a little. I'm surprise your even allowed to post that. How about you get some numbers and comparative stats to prove this ranking. I'm sure you'll get stuck and won't ever be able to prove this crap. Honestly Parker is a top 3 and Curry should be higher than 11. But Kobe 12? Wade is not better than Harden. Wade should sink to 10 where was wade and the Heat without Lebron? at the bottom of the eastern conference. Get out of here with that. and Iguodala should be 11. Besides his defense you can't even count on him taking a shot
L.A Fakers::"It's Dwight Howard's fault." - stupid Lakers fans when they lose " Kobe is better than Lebron." - stupid Lakers fans when they beat crappy teams
MRcantholdmedown::Rapes   Kobe = 1 LeBron = 0  Kobe is the greatest of the all time!!!
beverly.pouget::No
kitastrophy34::You guys are all right, Kobe is soooooo bad that they are putting a fing STATUE of him beside Kareem Abdul-Jabbar outside the Staples Center...
ThunderHornz::kitastrophy34 - You guys are all right, Kobe is soooooo bad that they are putting a fing STATUE of him beside Kareem Abdul-Jabbar outside the Staples Center...  You must have meant a STATUE of him fing  Kareem
kitastrophy34::you only hear this kinda madness being talked about one of the greatest franchises best player on the espn message boards
thoughtuknew73::and Kareem had to fight for his. he should have been 1st
thoughtuknew73::doesnt some dead game annoucer have one too.
MRcantholdmedown::They don't need to put up one for Dwight.  It's already on the court for every Lakers home game.
kitastrophy34::lmao burned!!!
thoughtuknew73::Chris31708  If Kobe is such a superstar....why doesnt he make other players better? why doesnt anyone want to play with him? why does he only have 1 mvp?
L.A Fakers::An animal who loses games for his team and leads them to a 30-31 record
Chris31708::I know he doesn't make his teammates better. Without Phil Jackson he's an uncontained wild animal.
giltis::Steve Nash has 2 mvp's
scabbfan::Truth.... OUCH
giltis::Wonder what Laker management would do if D12 says I'll sign a long term deal if Kobe goes next year. Kobe will be 35 and his defense has dropped drastically the last few seasons. I think D12 hates playing with Kobe because he wants the team to revolve around him.
Chris31708::The 2000 Portland Trailblazers frontcourt gave Shaq as much trouble as any team he had ever went up against in the playoffs, he ended up averaging 26 PPG anyways.  Dwight goes up against the Charlotte Bobcats frontcourt in the 2010 playoffs, and he responds with a 10 PPG series.
MRcantholdmedown::And the funny part was, with Howard fouling out two games in that series, the Magic went on to sweep anyway with him average 9.8 ppg.
Chris31708::LOL the most overrated "superstar" in the league today.
Moonlight Mile::Unfortunately, the Lakers will again be sunk by Kobe just like they were after Shaq left unless they can find a coach like Jackson to convince other stars to play around Kobe's obvious faults. No question Kobe is scorer in the same vein as Iverson and Anthony.
MRcantholdmedown::"I'm here to jack up shots and win rings.  And we have no chance at a ring!" -- Kobe
scabbfan::Exactly!
thoughtuknew73::Laker fans are just like the owners...dont know basketball. Laker fan would take Gasol, Perk, Chandler or Noah over Howard....what a joke
Corvo Attano::kobe fakes an injury, leaves game, comes back. put up 30pts.  he is now the GOAT.  - laker fans
scabbfan::kobrick has long history of exaggerating &amp; faking injuries. kobrick's defense made Westbrook look like the GOAT.
Chris31708::If Dwight is an actual "superstar" than how come he only averaged 10 PPG against the Charlotte Bobcats in the 2010 1st round?
scabbfan::Funny MJ shot over 50% many, many years....kobe - never. Quit sniffing kobe's jock &amp; letting him destroy laker franchise.
scabbfan::Lebron shooting 56%......ouch
kitastrophy34::6 years mj shot below that ya nub
kitastrophy34::the bottom line is 46% is REALLY GOOD....I guess to you kevin durant sucks too
kitastrophy34::because this http://i36.photobucket.com/albums/e10/SirEel32/retardedSuperman.jpg
scabbfan::Dwight is worth more to lakers than kobrick.
kitastrophy34::Micael Jordan had a worse fg% in many of his years... your the biggest moron I have seen on these boards.
scabbfan::Get off the hype marketing tool . Highest fg% ever by kobrick 46%....Hahahahaha
kitastrophy34::kobrick...lmao he is having a CAREER year in FG %
Chris31708::LOL get off that crack cocaine!
ThunderHornz::If I hit my left elbow, why does my right elbow hurt?
KingLBJ236::Take any GM in the league...Marc Gasol or Dwight for the next 5 years....D12 for every GM
Chris31708::Apparently name recognition=mental toughness to you.  Marc Gasol would eat Dwight alive in a 7 game series. Just as good of a defender and a better all around player. Dwightmare has to rely on athleticism to stay relevant.
kitastrophy34::that is the funny thing... when have the lakers actually drafted a good team and built around players??  They just buy a team and if it doesn't work they buy another
MRcantholdmedown::And the funny part is the Lakers traded Gasol away.
MRcantholdmedown::You are smoking crack.  Every article published right now talks about Marc Gasol is the most complete and well rounded center in the game.
kitastrophy34::this dude is delusional and doesn't accept concrete evidence.. it's cool guys
MinniWolves90::Noah
KingLBJ236::hahahahahahahaa
thoughtuknew73::So Laker fans...once Dwight is gone, what do you have?
scabbfan::They have kobrick's $30 million salary,,,,Ouch
634Glenn::Do you really think the Lakers care about salary.  The thing that hurt the most was the Chris Paul trade getting voided.
634Glenn::16 points, 11 rebounds and 50% from the foul line is not hard to replace.  Put Pau back at center.
MRcantholdmedown::"I can't play here cause I'm the only star player here and the center of attention!" -- Dwight on Orlando  "I don't like it here cause I don't get enough touches and all the attention is not on me!" -- Dwight on LA  says enough about this prima-donna
634Glenn::Thunder History:  Thunder = no rings Supersonics = one ring - Gus Williams was their best player  - Pathetic
Sonic_Sooner::Gus Williams &lt; Dennis Johnson &lt; "Downtown" Freddie Brown &lt; Jack Sikma   A little more Thunder History: 7 out of 9 (.778%) wins against the Fakers!
kitastrophy34::ahhhhh, you angry little fella?
Aron3411::Yeah lakers have a bunch of chamionships but they arent helping them this year
634Glenn::Not. Just the facts.   P.S.  I was old enough to see the Sonics last Championship, now that is pathetic.
KingLBJ236::kitastrophy34 - Kobe has 5 rings, how many does dwight have again?  Are you an idiot?? Look back at the talent Kobe has played with vs what Dwight has had. The same argument with Lebron, his cavs teams were Garbage!  Let Dwight come back 100% and then talk trash.
kitastrophy34::I'll listen to guys like Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Kareem, Hakeem, Michael Jordan etc... opinions on how good Kobe is, not a bunch of people on a message board...
kitastrophy34::^^^heheh
will-i_am::I am Kareem! And i'm telling you, kobe is really not a very good basketball player at all.
will-i_am::nope, but he is the most prolific guard to play after jordan
kitastrophy34::Kobe is a top 10 nba player ALL TIME...what is dwight again?  a flee on Kobe's sack
kitastrophy34::yea okay buddy, just the top players ever agree that he belongs on the list....
MinniWolves90::Common fallacy drilled into our brains by the media. Kobe is not top 10 all-time.
kitastrophy34::I'll give you 50 different sources citing Kobe as a top 10 player... you're the moron, ya $@%!$@!
MRcantholdmedown::When we talk about Dwight, he is nothing but trash.
thoughtuknew73::Since people seem to think a back injury is something small, go ask Tracy McGrady
Chris31708::No, he was just a 1st round jinx.
Chris31708::Dwight hurt his back on March 30 of last year, it's March 6, 2013. Dwight said it would only take 9 months for his back to heal.  The back excuse has been long past its expiration date, he's just getting exposed as a system player.
thoughtuknew73::so i guess you went to medical school. thought u knew ball but u sound like skip clueless
Chris31708::Maybe it's just the fact the he's facing numerous quality teams in the Western Conference that knows how to contain him.  How many quality teams did he got up against in the Eastern Conference?  If Dwight has to just rely on athleticism to stay relevant than he's not a real superstar anyways. Real superstars overcome whatever setback they have.
KingLBJ236::if you think he is anywhere near 100% or 75% for that matter you are a moron.
Chris31708::Dwight said he was around 80% a week or so ago.  The Lakers management knew he was hurt when they got him, they let their arrogance get in the way. Whose fault is that?
MiraclesBoys33::Phil Jackson told Dwight that it takes a year for your back to recover but Dwight still wants to play injured
Chris31708::It's been almost a year already.
Now you know boy::New ESPN 30-for-30: The Extinction of the True NBA Center.
Now you know boy::I was going to pass, but I had already shot it.        -Kobe
Now you know boy::I'd pass, but then I could not shoot it.                       -Kobe
Chris31708::<b>thoughtuknew73 - All this blame towards Dwight pisses me off. Could it be that the kid is hurt? Even with him being hurt...he puts up better numbers then most TRUE centers in the NBA. Being a center of all positions makes you use your back &amp; shoulders more then any position on the court</b> -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dwight <b>never</b> consistently plays well against a good frontcourt team, don't act like what he's doing this year is anything new.
MRcantholdmedown::His highest average is 22 points per game.  I'm sorry, how does this spell dominance?????
thoughtuknew73::it is new, thats why Laker fans are so mad. This isnt Dwight from Orlando because of the back injury.
Chris31708::He hurt his back on March 30 last year, it should've been healed by now. That excuse won't cut it anymore.
KrayzieBone5150::I'm gonna Give D12 a Chance. BACK SURGERY is no joke.  I talked to alot of people who had BACK SURGERY and they say you need a FULL YEAR to recover.  So Kobe will carry the Lakers to the playoffs and Next year the Lakers with a Healthy D12 will win it all
MRcantholdmedown::Not to mention his "injury" essentially $@%!$@ over Orlando's playoff run last year.
scugslovesaman::Next year: Kobe will be going on 36. Nash will be over 40. Gasol will be over 33 and the Lakers payroll will be over 100 million.   How are they better just because Howard gets rest.
Chris31708::Dwight said it would only take 9 months for his back to heal up.  It's been almost a full year now, that back excuse has been long past its expiration date.
scabbfan::Heaven to Westbrook is kobe guarding him. kobe looks pathetic next to westbrook.
reggie6043::Nash as well.  He's too slow to guard anyone -- but Westbrooke?... forget it.
KingLBJ236::This is a what have you done for me lately world at its finest...D12 is coming off season ending back surgery and has a torn labrum...both will heal with rest and he will be back to 100%. You fools taking cousins and noah and marc gasol over him for the next 5 years?? What a joke, he wasnt defensive player of the year for 3 straight years for nothing.
T_Macc81::I would take Ibaka for the next 5 years before dwight.  He hits free throws, block shots, and makes 3-pointers ha!!
MRcantholdmedown::And cracks nuts!
MRcantholdmedown::That was cause Stern and the NBA wanted to slob on his knob.  Tyson Chandler won defensive player of the year.  Yet gets no mention of being one of the best players in the league.  Maybe cause he isn't a clown and hasn't won a dunk contest.
KrayzieBone5150::I would Take Tyson Chandler, Demarcus Cousins, Al Horford over D12
thoughtuknew73::they dont get it
kitastrophy34::NO ONE wants a whiner on their team
kitastrophy34::Lebron isn't a baby and he put forth effort, the debate was if he was clutch or not... the debate wasn't if he was the softest player to ever play in the nba
KingLBJ236::Thats what everyone was saying about lebron after 2010...he is a baby, cant do it in the clutch, 3 quarters stupid joke...Give Dwight some time, its been 60 games at prob 65-75% with the worst teammate ever Kobe Bean Bryant.
kitastrophy34::Kobe has 5 rings, how many does dwight have again?
thoughtuknew73::then why is Kobe there
Vino Tastes Like Pee::Dwight never plays with his back to the basket.  If he just learns how to do that better, he'd be dominant.
MRcantholdmedown::along with hitting free throws. along with mental toughness along with not getting stupid fouls along with reading and reacting better on rotations.
Vino Tastes Like Pee::Dwight is just protecting his investment....himself.  Hey, the NBA is a business too.
MRcantholdmedown::Investments only are worth it if they have returns.  I think we've already seen Dwight as his peak.  I don't think he'll ever get any better than that.
kitastrophy34::http://i36.photobucket.com/albums/e10/SirEel32/retardedSuperman.jpg
Vino Tastes Like Pee::The Center position has been extremely weak since Shaq started to decline.  Dwight is the softest center in the NBA.  I was always disappointed in his play against the Lakers in the 2009 Finals.  Pau Gasol showed Dwight up in that series.  SOFT.
KingLBJ236::Name me 3 centers you would rather have for the next 5 years over Dwight.
Now you know boy::-I could name 3 that I'd BARELY rather have, due to their heart and work wthic being better than D12's, but all this really does lend more evidence to my position that the NBA Big Man (TRUE Big Man), is dead. Shaq was the last of a dying breed.   I wanna see an ESPN 30-for-30 on the extinction of the NBA Center.
kitastrophy34::that was easy
Chris31708::Joakim Noah Tiago Splitter Marc Gasol Al Horford (just for good measure)  There you go.  LOL at people thinking stats=mental toughness.
MRcantholdmedown::Al Horford, Demarcus Cousins, Joakim Noah, Anderson Varejao, Marc Gasol, Tyson Chandler.
MRcantholdmedown::Don't know if you've noticed much, but "Centers" don't rule the NBA anymore.
T_Macc81::Thank you! All those guys come to play EVERY night
thoughtuknew73::Are you serious???
kitastrophy34::/agree
MRcantholdmedown::and I could get them a lot cheaper too.
T_Macc81::I can name 10 that you would get a hell of a lot more effort than what Dwight is giving for LESS money.
MRcantholdmedown::If the $@%!$ is hurt, it shouldn't be out getting screwed.
KingLBJ236::You are taking an half year sample size of a dude coming off back surgery with a torn labrum...Let him heal and then talk that talk.
thoughtuknew73::If LeBron played center he is the only one i would take before Dwight
reggie6043::Pek
lakurz rock::kobe has a sore elbow?  RSI?
Now you know boy::Kobe tends top get hurt when he is not doing well. Not be to mistaken for "not doing well, because you are hurt". Huge difference.
KingLBJ236::I hate the Lakers...but just about every team in the league would want D12...he is coming back from back injury, isnt 100% and playing with Kobe, the worst teammate ever...Heat would love D12, trust me.
MRcantholdmedown::Dwight would never play for the Heat because he won't be the center of attention.  He's a complete attention $@%!$.
marc marc24::trust me miami can't afford dwight.
thoughtuknew73::Laker fans dont seem to understand that
KingLBJ236::Yeah because no blame can go to Kobe.
Vino Tastes Like Pee::I'm waiting Lakers fans,  sell to me how the Lakers plan on winning 16 hard-fought, intense Playoff games to win the Championship?  With two Superstars "playing in pain"
reggie6043::It seems like Phil is even siding with Howard.  Deep down he seems to dislike Kobe as well.
thoughtuknew73::I think he respected Kobe's game but never liked him
jordan8510::Lol when dwight went to la he really thought that he would be the man............then kobe treats him the same way he did shaq as kobe is a pathetic moron!!!
thoughtuknew73::Dont forget booty snatcher!!!!
Vino Tastes Like Pee::Playing through pain just makes it worse for the Lakers.  If Kobe and Dwight are playing in pain, convince me Lakers fans how these players plan on winning 16 intense, grinding, hard Playoff Games this year?  Elaborate.....
kitastrophy34::DERRwight Coward  http://i36.photobucket.com/albums/e10/SirEel32/retardedSuperman.jpg
thoughtuknew73::All this blame towards Dwight pisses me off. Could it be that the kid is hurt? Even with him being hurt...he puts up better numbers then most TRUE centers in the NBA. Being a center of all positions makes you use your back &amp; shoulders more then any position on the court
Chris31708::The "best Center in the league" talk is old. Who cares if he grabs more rebounds than any other Center, does these rebounds translate into mental toughness on the court?
MRcantholdmedown::If you want to take his whole season, no problem.    He's fifth in PER this season for Centers alone.  Being Noah, Horford, Jerrerson, and Varejoa  Now are any of those 4 guys max players????
thoughtuknew73::So you take one game. You must work for ESPN
MRcantholdmedown::1-7 from the field 4-8 from the free throw line 6 points 6 fouls  two bench players outscored him in less minutes  Nothing about this says "MAX DEAL MUST HAVE A MAX DEAL!"
jordan8510::LOL at people saying can anyone beat miami in the playoffs the heat have an awesome home record and can also win on the road v good teams,i cannot see anyone winning 2 straight games in miami!!!
thoughtuknew73::I cant see anyone beating them PERIOD!!!!!
Chris31708::The only teams with the best chance are the Pacers and Spurs. The Knicks were in that small list but they got exposed against the Heat last game by once again relying on 3's and ISO too much.
MRcantholdmedown::Serge Ibaka will start shooting pistachio commercials where he randomly runs out to somebody and smack them in the nuts yelling "GET CRACKING!!!"
reggie6043::I wonder if there have been any games this year when the Lakers opponent actually had LESS fouls and MORE FTs than the Lake Show.  I know some of it is about Howard, but cmon.  "Ref the personality" indeed. The NBA is just WWE with an orange ball.
Vino Tastes Like Pee::Why play through pain?  It'll only make things worse.  No trust in your team?
kitastrophy34::If that were the case, most nba players would be sitting out half the season... give me a break!
