Josh Jordan::Last year Laker fans were like "Who cares if Dirk is hurt the Mavs suck anyway play with what you got"  This year Laker fans are like "But.... you don't understand... were hurt. were injured. have some sympathy for us"
Bryce Morgan::awwww all the posts got deleted
Travis Pavich::You are so right. When the lakers lose, it's excuse after excuse. But yet they don't take into account that other teams have problems as well. Laker fans are so hateful toward other teams and players. No wonder why Laker haters are always posting. You have pissed us off one to many times. It's payback Laker fans. Karma. What goes around comes around. Your not going to stop us until you grow up and start being a sports fan and not just a laker fan, league hater.
David Garcia::Dirk is soft
Mad SammyBoy::I just got here, you guys. How many delusional Laker-heads have posted something about '16 banners' so far?  My guess is 32,768.
Renee Pantoja::Not as many as there are saying Kobe got 5 rings, Kobe got 5 Rings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Joey Jackson::Renee Pantoja LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD Stop talking about the past it's embarrassing lmao!
H.r. Rearden::Renee Pantoja , Kobe has 1 league MVP, 2 finals MVP.  Nice, but still behind Duncan and probably Shaq also.
Ivan Ruiz::I BLEED PURPLE&GOLD AND THAT WILL NEVER CHANGE, OUR TEAM IS DOWN AND THIS IS WHEN REAL&LEGIT FANS NEED TO BE BEHIND THEIR TEAM... OUR >LAKERS< HAD GAVE US "FANS" GREAT MEMORIES IN THE PAST LEST NOT FORGET THAT. REMEMBER THAT EVERY TEAM IN ALL SPORTS HAS IT'S BAD TIME! AND WE ARE CURRENTLY GOING THRU IT..... LAKERS NATION STAND UP AND SUPPORT YOUR LAKERS!!!!!!!!!! I KNOW THAT REALLY SOON WE WILL BE IN THE NBA FINALS I JUST KNOW IT BABY #17
Vala Lopez::You are a true fan! I applaud you for that
Carmen Sand Iiego::Vomit spit.
Ivan Ruiz::@carmen sand liego THAT'S WHAT I DID WHEN I SAW YOUR MOTHER
Sammy Bissett::Clippers>Bruins>Trojans>Used Trojan>Lakers
Rafael Gavidia::According to the regular season record, Clippers=Lakers.
Eric Lopez::LAC 120, LAL 97. Let's go Clippers! Let's make it 17-3 at home!
Ernie Spencer::clippers will always be little brother
Vala Lopez::Ernie Spencer Little brother? look at how the Lakers are playing right now. That is one pathetic older brother in the Lakers
Corey Sharer::Vala Lopez considering the injuries and the lousy coach yea of course it will look pathetic i mean clippers should know they were really pathetic once. it happens to all teams.
Tj Kennedy::Teamtank
Ricardo Landeros::I like the potential 'm seeing in this game for the Lakers. If they get a string of similar performances, the Lakers could potentially get rid of the clown coach.
Billy Denino::Ya did you see the interview with him after the first quarter? It seemed like he didn't even want to be at the game and his team showed the same effort.
Gino Foggia::Just amatter of time till Kevin Love wants out of Minn., soon enough he will follow his destiny to put on the purple n gold with the Lakers! Also a trade with GSW for Klay Thompson n Iggy!
Peter Peterr::Who would GSW get?
Dakota Mckenzie::Again with Gino not having ANY knowledge about what hes talking about.  Who would the Warriors get?? And if the Lakers do get Kevin Love his and Kobes contract will be too much to also have Klay and Iggy as well as any supportive pieces.  Another delusional Laker homer
Peter Peterr::Dakota Mckenzie lol...yeah that kobe 2 year contract messed the Lakers for 2 more years.  Not many high profile players want to play with Kobe. They may wanna come to LA, but after Kobe leaves or when Kobe gives up being "the man" in LA.
Shawn Bento::Leave the starters in.  Everyone wants to see a 50 point blowout.
Igor Yank::lakers are an embarrassment
Antonio Rush::When I read these comments it sounds like the lakers lost but I thought the clippers won. The clippers have been better than the lakers for a few years now but it won't make a difference if beating the lakers is their big moment. They can be good and make a great playoff run but they need support not fair weather fans. Where were you guys when Blake Griffin played for Oklahoma and CP3 was in New Orleans? Before lob city and all the hype? I'll wait
Amir Tab::Even after this terrible lose you can see that the Lakers what people care to talk about here not the Clippers. Lakers own LA and will be back on top soon enough. And for all of you clowns who bash the us Laker fans for enjoying the fantastic legacy of our franchise are just stupid. It would be like saying yesterdays game is in the past why are people still talking about it. The whole point of winning in the present is so you can enjoy it in the future.
Stanley Foster::OK, you own the city, Clippers fans.  NOW WHAT????  You need to be worried about the Thunder, the Warriors, the Spurs, and the Blazers!  Make some noise in the playoffs and then you'll have something to be proud of.
Aaron Rooney::As a diehard Clipper fan, I give the Lakers credit. They came out and played their best basketball of the season against my Clippers. It just wasn't enough.
Curtis Kirksey::Just woke up cut on Sportscenter…..Guess Dantoni still have his job !!!! Wonder if Mitch and Co still happy with Dantoni !!!!
Tj Kennedy::It's trip i was thinking the same thing I just knew after last night his job was in jeopardy.
Curtis Kirksey::Everything that Jerry has built Jim is tearing it down before our very eyes ....Games not selling out for the first time in years, National games getting bumped and so on Jerry had a winning quality that his son do not have Jeanie does that's why Jerry put her on the business side instead of the B Ball Operations cause Jim would of Really messed The Lakers Up  we just have to weather the storm !!!!
Corey Sharer::After last game for the lakers i expect them to play hard out of the gates but always in the second half is where it is important if they want to show up and if D'antoni wants to coach at all or give up and sit like he rather be sitting at home and i agree he should be at home and not coaching the lakers.
Eric Lopez::D'Antoni is not a good coach for the Lakers. The Lakers need to get Phil Jackson back then they will be good again or get a young coach and try to rebuild like the Celtics are doing
Joey Jackson::Eric Lopez That's like saying the Raiders need Jon Gruden back lol I don't see either one of those happening
John Dominguez::After last game for the lakers i expect them to play hard out of the gates but always in the second half is where it is important if they want to show up and if D'antoni wants to coach at all or give up and sit like he rather be sitting at home and i agree he should be at home and not coaching the lakers.
Brian Robbins::Lakers need to do the right thing and tear up Kobe's contract and pay him $100 for 2 seasons. They need to show those LA Dodgers how to really throw away money.
Joseph Dane::Too late.
Jon Stockwell::I don't care how bad your team is, there's no excuse not to give effort. Never thought I'd see the day when the Clippers clown the Lakers.
Curtis Kirksey::This is the coach that Jim felt was better suited to take us to the next level over Phil Jackson ???
Brian Robbins::If the Clippers have a giveaway for scoring 110 points, fans can cash in sometime during the 3rd quarter.
Shawn Bento::"You've done well shooting the ball tonight, my apprentice."  - Kobe to Nick Young
Michael John::lol the Lakers would be 1/2 game out of the 8 seed in the East, the NBA sucks now...only 4 teams have a chance to win the title
Joey Jackson::Boy the mighty has fallen... The Clippers are using the Lakers as a doormat right now LMAO!
Bernard Gramlich::Need to fire Lakers coach!  I will not say his name because it's a waste of time!
James Winston House::Coaching is the main reason the Lakers are looking so baby !!!!!!
