DWoe23::hopefully ATL or Bucks can beat the Knicks come Friday night. So if the Pacers win vs the Thunder, then the Pacers will be sole owners of the 2 seed. Plus Indy still has to play @ the knicks in 1.5 weeks. I feel it will come down to that game to clinch the 2 seed for good.
DWoe23::Congratulations Shaq for your Jersey retirement, you are the main reason why Indiana doesnt own a championship banner.  And now, the magic number to win the division and clinch the 4th seed is 1. This game vs the Thunder in Indy will be intense!!!
JollySwagman27::To Clips fans : Don't look past Phoenix and good luck against the Fakers!  The rest of the league would be happy to see them sitting at home for these playoffs!  To Pacer fans : We have some really tough games left BUT, we get OKC at home on their 2nd night of a B2B when the first night is in OKC against the Spurs! (travel with less than a day sucks) That's probably the best possible circumstances for having to play them!  Go Pacers!
greenbean47::Chris Paul sucked last night.
mackfactor::<i>Hibbert scored 15 of his 26 points in the first quarter and grabbed 10 rebounds before fouling out,</i>  Even when he's on fire he can't keep himself in the game.
MR0908::Clippers losing on purpose. Scared of getting swept by the dubs.
Tiger4298::Oh yeah, They'd much rather play Memphis, right?
Finkle my Einhorn::Not sure how far these Pacers can go in the Playoffs without Grainger.. love watching these boys play as a team though
JollySwagman27::The Pacers are probably a little bit better this year than they were last year.  But, if they had Granger available to score a dozen to fifteen off the bench every game they'd be A LOT better.  Bench scoring could still be a big problem in the playoffs.  No team can afford to go on scoring droughts in the postseason.
madness3950::They've been playing just as good, or better, without granger.  They have adjusted to his absence and are getting good minutes from players off the bench most nights.
mackfactor::They're as good if not better than they were last year. If Hibbert and George keep their game at this level and West keeps being his consistent self, they're at least as good. Add in Stephenson's development and if they get <i>anything</i> from Psycho T and the bench, they're better.
thexdiamond::This team is to the point where they're better without him.
Skip Mindless::"Hibbert has the potential to be an all time great" -said no one ever
Taco has a Q::Who the hell expects that from Hibbert?  wow what a worthless post
mackfactor::"DeAndre Jordan has the potential to be an all time great"  -said no one ever  What's your point? Hibbert is still lighting it up right now. That's all they need from him.
enemy_80::U mad bro?
purdueMAN33::http://farm5.staticflickr.com/4083/5055032357_69d1d1be72.jpg
Skip Mindless::And since you posted that, it means you're not one, right?
frickinegg::So someone has to be an all time great to be a good player?
frickinegg::He dominated the game last night. I have nothing to cry about.
Skip Mindless::What are you crying about it for?
frickinegg::Hibbert's always been skilled, but hasn't always shown it. Glad to see he is starting to get some confidence.
luvnbayes::I've said it all year, Bledsoe doesn't play enough and Crawford plays too much.  Play Bledsoe and Paul together and the other team can't even get into their offense because the two of them can pressure the ball like crazy.  Crawford, on the other hand, is a volume shooter who when hot is fine but when not hurts the team.
brockness22::Pacers
cyborgi312::Chris Paul is nothing but an overrated showoff
TheIndianapolisColts::Kyrie
TheIndianapolisColts::Rajon
purdueMAN33::He's the best PG in the league...
truthhurtsalot::Kobe's all about being prepared!  He bought new fishing gear already.
truthhurtsalot::I've said it for years and I'll say it again.  CHRIS PAUL IS WAYYYYYYYYY OVERRATED.    Don't even give me that bs "but the Clippers have gotten better since he came".  GT F O.  Blake Griffin's gotten worse since CP3.  The Clippers have gotten better because they brought in MORE THAN CP3.  They brought in a lot more significant role players like Caron Butler, Matt Barnes.  They also now have Eric Bledsoe &amp; Deandre Jordan.  This team won't go far is Billups isn't healthy.  He's the real floor general.
DWoe23::Pacers are now 18-11 vs west this year with one more to go on Friday.
JollySwagman27::yet we still managed to get our butts kicked in Portland!
DWoe23::well im ok with that.... Heat also lost at portland and washington!
DWoe23::Besides the Heat, the Bulls and Celtics will be the next two toughest outs in the playoffs. So one or both needs to be the 5th or 8th seed. Give Miami the problems not us, thanks...
truthhurtsalot::The top teams in the East are making a mockery out of the top teams in the West.  Heat role players &gt; Spurs best Knicks owned the Grizzlies the other day Pacers spanking the Clips
Tiger4298::Pacers spanked the Clippers by 1..
JackPatt3::3*
tigersfangoldandblue::The combined margin of victory in those three games was like 11 points. Very limited sample size too.
DWoe23::can we please have some consistency at the 7th and 8th seed please. Bucks and Celtics, Bucks cant make up there mind whether they want the 7th seed or look forward to playing the heat.
North korea better than USA::Chris Paul is overrated
flag_me_if_you_can::flagged because of your screen name
Mike yadwak::So why can't you post comments on the stories with espns new app?
Jeff Pendergraph Number 1 Fan::When the Pacers put in Pendi  They are pretty scary.
knicks_11::wat?
knicks_11::when the pacers hit their outside shots  they are pretty scary.
Mambaholic 33::= every team
lazy spelling troll26::LOB CITY LOL!//..
Skip Mindless::"Clips vs Indiana in the Finals" -Said no one ever
billbruns2k12::"Vinny Del Negro coach of the year!"  -said no one ever
Mike yadwak::" your post are worth reading "  -said no one ever
Skip Mindless::"Mike yadwak is not a complete goofy" -said no one ever
argenis fradique::Nice play call by Clips on last possesion but if anything they should of had Crawford or Paul try last shot. No way Odom was hitting!
LetsPlayScRyB::hey look a team from the WEAK eastern conferance beat a west team hmmmm interesting
DWoe23::4 straight road wins vs 4 western conference teams...
simoncharamza::Blake Griffin...my son - Roy Hibbert
Ivanov21::The Clippers SO smell like a 1st or 2nd round exit the way they've recently been playing They never were contenders anyway!
Gentry3455::Grizz have done the same thing too. Been losing a lot lately
Ivanov21::yea but they have won 3 in a row since, and the Clippers have been losing on a different scale. their slump has been going on for a lot longer now..Grizz are 12-6 in March (including April 1st) , LAC are 7-8 .
Gentry3455::That's what I said, but don't count out the fact they could make a come back
Ivanov21::Of course they could but I just don't see it happening. The Nuggets, Grizz, OKC and Spurs have all been playing better during the same stretch.
Gentry3455::If tehy play like they did earlier in the year they might be hard to beat, they are just very inconsistent
Ivanov21::They seemed to be peaking mid-season and have lost all consistency for many weeks now . Not the best thing going into the playoffs.
Gentry3455::they*
Gentry3455::Denver could give the Heat a run but Javale would find a way to $@%! it up
Gentry3455::West are weaker now, only the Thunder compete with the heat
simoncharamza::West is soft. There is no toughness at all
brockness22::Griss13ears - Ahhhhhahahahaha  Don't worry, he is talking about the western conference, not David West. That man is full of toughness
Griss13ears::Ahhhhhahahahaha
Norway-Bulls::thunder cant even compete with the heat
Gentry3455::Ik, but the thunder would give them the best run
Norway-Bulls::so much for the west being better then the  east when the pacers and heat are smoking the west teams
152Dean::smoking? Yeah winning by buzzer beaters and one possession. You can't gauge anything of a game here and there smh
Norway-Bulls::im using smoking get over it sherlock
Kobe Creator of Machu Pichu::Clippers are going into a social loathing mode. Paul doesn't need to worry about losing early leads while he is on the bench so he isn't being as efficient as he should be. He's putting too much trust in the bench and that goes for all the starters. You can't expect the bench to pick of the slack for the starters and Vinny needs to make this a point to the Clipper starters.
NASH_10::this is the time of year when the Clipps start to pack it in, and Lakes start to ramp things up. Will be a very interesting Lakes vs Clipps game a few down the road :)
i-miss-katt-mobley::i hope the clips can redeem themselves
Gentry3455::They might, but they better start now
Denzel7587::No. of ESPN conversations:  Pacers vsClippers 	3216 Rockets vs Magic	        3002 Spurs vs Grizzlies 	2963 Celtics vs Timberwolves 1834 Trailblazers vs Jazz    1068 Piston vs Raptors	720  Cavs vs Hawks 	        483 Bobcats vs Bucks 	443
bigchapp1006::vinny gots tah go
Silverio60::Night all
Silverio60::Damn next ball night is Nuggs at Jazz but not till Wednesday Gotta watch our minor league them called the Rockies.
chitwnballer23::well this midnight rider is going to bed -- i'll be back when the pacers play the heat -- can't wait for troll city to come out -- lob city was fun, but troll city is better. night all
Silverio60::Invited to troll Nugg v Jazz
chitwnballer23::and yes, i'm referring to when they'll meet in the playoffs. :)
Taco has a Q::Dude seriously, shut the FU.CK up!  You are making the Raptors fan base look very bad with your bad logic
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::So you are bragging that you were up 2-1 in a series you lost?   Enough already. You are insulting Pacer fans everywhere.
chitwnballer23::how many games did the raptors win last year in the playoffs??? just curious
chitwnballer23::2-1**** sorry
chitwnballer23::ya because they weren't up 2-0 last year....
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hahah. You are so delusional. You want the Pacers to play the Heat in the playoffs?? Jesus man. The NBA will make sure you have no chance
Silverio60::Does Canada have corn. or just holes for them?
Silverio60::are was taking holes or corn night all..........
chitwnballer23::look up becks farming equipment, and farms, or seed, and or factory -- i'll stick to whats best, and has been seen on orange county choppers kiddo -- i don't need drunken canadians to tell me whose corn tastes better.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Search Southern Alberta Corn. It wins taste contests and is world renowned. Canada has all different topographys and low populations which is condusive to growing high yields of quality crops.
chitwnballer23::and stop capitalizing ''corn'' its not a proper noun, eh?
chitwnballer23::idk ask the troll raptors fan.
Taco has a Q::Well this is odd,  Lakers and Clips won in Indy,  but Pacers beat both in LA
Silverio60::How many games to playoffs now on ave 8 to 10
chitwnballer23::indiana sweet corn &gt; canadian corn
Silverio60::Sports is the best show on earth nobody knows the ending.
Silverio60::was interested I hate watching a show and getting dissapointed
Silverio60::Is that good I got turned on to Homeland.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Bates Motel is an awesome show. I don't expect much from new Dramas but it is pretty killer.
Silverio60::LaL v Mia would have a splash at the start but would not be fun later. Everyone would say oh no its going to be baseball season
Silverio60::Adrian Dantly
Das Ravenator::2013 NBA Finals  <b>What Stern Wants</b>: LAL v. MIA <b>What he fears</b>: IND v. MEM <b>What will NOT happen</b>: NYK v. LAC <b>What will prob. happen</b>: SAS v. MIA <b>What would be fun to watch</b>: DEN v. MIA
Gentry3455::IND. VS. MEM. would be FUNNY
dorucevic::NCAA #1 NBA #2
Silverio60::Ok valid point Canada has a better chance of Getting a Standley Cup then the raptors getting into the playoffs for 5 years
Silverio60::That was GS
Silverio60::Chris Mullin and Whats his name Texas two step with the wicked crossover dribble
alexisejr10::utep two step tim hardaway
Silverio60::SAS is falling
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Nuggets-Miami is my pick. The Nuggets have to many threats in the West and Miami has LeBron.   Finals is a toss up.
STEVE6163656::Nuggets / Heat would be a fun series to watch.  It'll be a hard fought series with the Heat winning 4-0
Taco has a Q::Uhh YOU are the TROLL Dabu!!!!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Man quit stalking me!!!   You are a super troll!!! Get a life!!!
chitwnballer23::stalk you? lol your a raptor fan on a pacer board right now, and i'm stalking? please i'll get back to you in 8 years when the raptors are relevant again in this league.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Shut your mouth. I said I am done with you so now you are going to stalk me.   Typical troll behavior.
chitwnballer23::raptors get the lottery pick? get off this thread, you have made zero valid points all night.
markf46::Pacers all the way!
Silverio60::I liked KJ from phoenix
STEVE6163656::Hard to believe he's the mayor of Sacramento now
