bamberg1977::Memphis is going to like Tay. He fits their unique front court. Only problem they may have is not enough slashers. One underrated thing about Tay is how effective he is around basket. Memphis O only gets even slower with Tay. He's like Gasol in that he likes to hold and survey, not attack right away. But their O should get more efficient. He never makes mistakes and scores higher % than Gay.   I think this was a good trade for Memphis. I think their mistake was not keeping Mayo around. Hopefully he's a Piston next year!
TheOldGOLDandBLUE::OJ didn't fit into the Griz style.  He needs the ball to be effective, but the Griz like to run the offense through the post.
Grindhouse2413::Only 15,000 in attendance on a Friday night game? Come on Memphis. We can do better.
MWaugTigerFan::If I had the money I would go to every home game but sadly I'm a senior in high school. Can't afford to go to every game. Also many people in Memphis loved Gay and Hammed, most of those people are pissed about the trade. Fans will fall in love Tay soon enough
sportsfan1014::Prince 14 pts on his Griz deubt, not bad at all
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Get out and Support the team Memphis...............................
funyuns72::Using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 3k a month the past 3 straight months now following this system. You can find the system on the 1st page of google searching for basketball betting systems
michael107117::I think once Quincy Pondexter comes back they should move him to the starting lineup and then bring Bayless and Prince as two of their primary bench players. Prince would be a consistent bench presents off the bench. I think Pondexter and Prince could be their best wing combination both being 6'6+, can hit the 3, and defend, I think they would play well together.
sdmc222::Prince is 6-9
KevinHate::Add Gay to this Memphis team, and they are tough to beat in a 7 game series.
Grindhouse2413::Wizards only shot three free throws tonight. WOW. I was at the game and was screaming at the Refs for blowing calls and messing up but they got that right at least
emthomasjr::I guess the traveling and goaltending things are harder to call than the look on TV, huh?
totalrekall::the Grizz are kinda weak w/o Gay. he was a catalyst for the offense. other players will struggle to get good looks now that he's gone
pedrobear1::Disagree somewhat just have to be crisper with the posession as we only have one shot creator now and he is being misused by Hollins yet again
totalrekall::defense can just collapse in on the bigs. Gay had a down yr bc of all the trade talk and wasnt utilized properly
Grindhouse2413::i disagree
Grindhouse2413::I loved the way we buckled down hardcore after giving up 30 in the first quarter. They scored a combined 46 for the next three quarters! Now thats lock dow grit and grind defense. The fresh Prince looked like he fit in nicely and will have a home here in Memphis. Hope we make the use of this weekend and this month to allow all the guys to work the kinks out of the offense and build some chemistry.
Lyvaniel::o we r fine unless we get gasol ...from LA
machinegunkelley80::So are we going to ship off zbo now,  he's shooting less than 40% right now
pedrobear1::lol still 3 weeks until the trade deadline
GoTigers2015::Let's wait on the whole Reddick business until we get to see these guys play as a unit for a while. Quite a lot of change going on for this team this past month. Reddick is a great shooter, but don't forget that Prince is hitting 43% from 3 this year.
bamberg1977::I dont want JJ. He's 2 years older than Stuckey and limited. I'd want Mayo or neither. I'd rather Iguadala than JJ.
pedrobear1::i wouldn't hold my breathe on jj.
Jbrad24seven113::Of course.. We'll see what happens.. I do believe one more move will be made before the deadline regardless of who it is.. Mngmt knows they need a shooter from somewhere
Jbrad24seven113::Ya.. I like what we have.. I jus keep hearing the rumors in the local media.. It'd be nice
syagllanrub::No love for E-Z Ed Davis? Only 5 minutes
pedrobear1::we'll see how hollins handle the rotations on tuesday
Jbrad24seven113::So I know I keep beatin this Redick story like a dead horse, but say we do have to give up a player in return cause we can't find a 3rd team to get involved..   Who goes??
pedrobear1::i not sure tbh. No picks going to be hard if at all plausible
Jbrad24seven113::I truly believe we'll have to get a 3rd team involved to make it work
Jbrad24seven113::Ya.. Which is y I wish we still had that pick from that Cleve trade
pedrobear1::who do you think we should give up?
Jbrad24seven113::I dunno.. They'll prob want one of our better bigs.. So really it's between DA &amp; Davis if that's the case.. Maybe Wroten since he's really impressed lately &amp; has shown his ceiling.. Jus dont know who's more valuable
GoTigers2015::Good thing about our next game being Tuesday is that we get some practices in with the new guys and be able to maybe have Hollins decide on a rotation.
Jbrad24seven113::Conley seems to be the one that's benefitted the most so far.. Which is fine by me cause he's more than capable of avg this a night.. Very very underrated player
pedrobear1::low usage point but that should change
emthomasjr::I know that somebody needs to convince TA that we don't need HIM to be the one to try to expand his offensive game to make up for what we lost in Rudy.  Just work on the defensive end, sir!  LOL.
emthomasjr::The crazy thing with all the TO's tonight is that we complained so much about Rudy handling the ball so much.  LOL.
pedrobear1::an overrated narrative
GoTigers2015::Rudy Gay has 20 points in 33 minutes in a blowout win against the Clippers. Tayshaun Prince had 14 points in 32 minutes on only 11 shot attempts in a close game against the Wizards.  We can't ask for a more efficient offensive game from Prince than that. We need Z-Bo and Marc to step it up, Conley did well tonight . Need the big fellas down low to start doing their thing.
pedrobear1::Marc wasn't that bad lol. Passive but not that bad
emthomasjr::I'm extremely glad that Rudy had a very efficient game for the Raptors and even more glad that they whipped the spit out of the Clips!  That couldn't have been sweeter!
Lyvaniel::Memphis Grizz are better with The Prince better fit for us,,,Gay is fine in Tor ,,we traded our player to the east to sorry teams good move
GoTigers2015::Didn't get to see the game tonight, but Prince did well, and the other two saw virtually no playing time. Our defense still seems great, but Z-BO needs to start scoring more and Marc needs to be more aggressive. I wonder if Hollins decided not to play Davis and Daye that much simply because they are young and not as easily to get into the swing of things in their first game as opposed to the veteran in Prince.
emthomasjr::ZBo is still out of sync.  He is not catching the ball in good position and he is missing a lot of shots he usually makes also.
Lugene Parker::Thats pretty much what he said in the post game.
pedrobear1::The feb sched is easy should be enough time for the team to gel
Nash_Memph_ville::sounds like chris johson will be re-signed.
emthomasjr::DEFINITELY needs to happen.  We could have used him tonight.  I wonder what the hold up was.
Nash_Memph_ville::@PetePranica Lionel indicated he wanted Chris Johnson back and I'm convinced he'll be re-signed.
Lugene Parker::Cool.
Lugene Parker::It needs to happen.  Unless they can bring in two shooters of JJ caliber with his roster spot.
Lugene Parker::where did ya here that?
Nash_Memph_ville::washington really needs to hire a marketing firm.. the new logo looks less lame than the last, but they gotta do something about that wizards thing.. I liked the bullets back in they day, at lest they have similar unis now.
pedrobear1::should go back to being the bullets
Nash_Memph_ville::yeah, not PC in today's world , unfortunately,.
Jbrad24seven113::Someone said how  did our offense got better cause we still only scored 80   Well how about 24 pts in the 4th qtr!! When we've been only avg 18 in the 4th  Positive note
Wolfy_Pants::uh oh, 3 straight bad shooting games for z-bo... he needs to pick it up.. cant be sweating it out against the wiz at home after just getting embarrassed on prime time... 7th seed is not far, grizz cant afford a slip up..  nice d after the first tonight... but again it was the wizards
pedrobear1::but give them 2-3 weeks
pedrobear1::well athletic bigs gives him trouble
Wolfy_Pants::rest of the team is doing alright, and z-bo is a freak on the glass... just worried he might of lost his shot a little bit here..
pedrobear1::past 10 games been shooting 38%
pedrobear1::he's been avg 10ppg,12rpg,2 ast on 38% since the cavs trade
Wayz112::Can we all agree that Skip Bayless &gt; Jared Bayless?
AdamSaidThis::If Hollinger can advise a team...so can Skip Bayless.  Maybe he can ruin the Knicks or something.
Jbrad24seven113::What's wrong with hollinger?
Nash_Memph_ville::skip bayless "vince young is an elite quarterback" so, sorry, no.
jdoane926::7-11 for Prince. Can't ask for much more.
Nash_Memph_ville::it would be nice to see someone drop 45..
jdoane926::Give Bayless around 30 more shots and he could have easily put up close to 45.
Nash_Memph_ville::Indeed, it would.
jdoane926::Really, would it?
Nash_Memph_ville::wayz probably thinks kobe is better than jordan also..
straightoutthetrailer::Bayliss = Rudy jr.
Wayz112::Pau ran the show in LA and got them 2 rings. Now you are acting like Marc Gasol has won 3
Nash_Memph_ville::Also, why we talking about players from 5 years ago.. Marc Gasol now is one of the best centers in the league. Pau , now, is a bench player.. Is there really even a legitimate argument present there..?
nargash::McGee &gt;&gt; NeNe
nargash::That says a lot about NeNe then..!!
Wayz112::Ha. McGee sucks dude
Nash_Memph_ville::ran the show.. lol.. We here are all very familiar with just how far pau gasol can go when he's the one running things ... And, it's not far.
straightoutthetrailer::go talk about the llama on your own board
pedrobear1::Zbo has been struggling offensively but still getting the rebounds
tmoneyinmphs::And from this night on, the grizz never looked back on that rudy gay trade.  T Prince going to add more championship experience to the grizz starting lineup.   Got big time potential on the bench now with quite a few players capable of doing well.  Got money left to pursue other moves/players.  When the playoffs come, who wants to play the grizz?    cOmE GeT U SoMe !!!
AdamSaidThis::This will be delightful to watch.
AdamSaidThis::So the math is:  Mayo + Gay  = Prince.  Got it. thx.
Jbrad24seven113::Maybe more like mayo+gay+battier=prince  (Neither mayo or gay played defense)
nargash::Yall need JJ Redick like shooter
Jbrad24seven113::Fingers crossed
nargash::I watched the Pacers/Heat game and their D is just as scary as the Grizz. Big difference they have big star in the making: Paul George..!
Jbrad24seven113::NeNe came into tonight &amp; said "I'll have the usual"  Then proceeded to get his tail whipped by Gasol
straightoutthetrailer::Pau the "LLAMA" Gasol
Nash_Memph_ville::what? you mean for the year?
Wayz112::Gasol sucks. Unless you mean Pau
Jbrad24seven113::Haha.. What?!?!
Wayz112::Pau has 46 points and 13 rebounds so far so...
Nash_Memph_ville::wayz is a hater.. Marc is way better than Pau..  Pau isn't even a starter..
Jbrad24seven113::Stay off the Molly
straightoutthetrailer::Bayliss reminds me of Rudy , Shoot first mentality.
Jumeax::yeah, his FG and 3P% are almost identical to Rudy for this season  but then again he is gettin paid about .. i dont know about 15 million LESS per year
straightoutthetrailer::I hate to say it, besides conley , he is the second best ball handler on the team.  So cant see him riding the pine much
emthomasjr::I actually like Wroten's handles and vision better.  It's Wroten's decision making that is questionable right now.  He tries to put too much sexy into it rather than making the easy play.
nargash::He will go back to the bench. Give Prince couple of practices and he will be starter
Nash_Memph_ville::gasol kicked NeNe's $@%! on the boards.. 15 to 4...
nargash::I wouldn't worry about Girzz offense breaking 80 when they have the 2nd best D in the league. Playoffs time, game would slow down and teams like Clippers,Nuggets,Warriors might have hard time playing half court against Grizz D
Jbrad24seven113::Well said
Jbrad24seven113::Wanna know when the offense gets better??
pedrobear1::When Bayless stops running point
Lugene Parker::Has anyone noticed that they did not give Bayless credit for a 3.  $@%!$@ score keepers.  Hollins even said it in the post conference that Prince assisted him on a 3. what gives?!?!
Nash_Memph_ville::so, we still only scored 85 points.. .is our offense really that much better now..?
pedrobear1::Jby should be at the 2 not the 1 though. Hollins should fix that
Lugene Parker::agreed. He is money at the two.
Nash_Memph_ville::i liked seeing wroten play, feeding the ball to bayless.
pedrobear1::give it time but doubt it gets better with Bibby being the O coordinator
rc021363::It will take a while to play as a team, this is their first real chance to even play together.
Jbrad24seven113::I'd say how is it worse
Nash_Memph_ville::we still need to break out of the 80s..
Wayz112::I am interested in starting an NBA franchise based in San Diego, called the San Diego Sardines. If anyone wants to invest some of the marquee names that I am thinking about going after are Adam Morrison, Tracy Mcgrady, and Bo McCalebb.
Wayz112::Cmon guys I need capital.
nargash::I will pass..!!
rc021363::Coach Hollins is still playing favorites.  He needs to let everyone play and give everyone a chance to prove themselves.  CJ has done well so far and Leuer has yet to get a fair shot at game time.  Free the bench, Coach Hollins.
nargash::You can't go 10 deep if you want to be great team in this league. Teams like Wizards,Kings,Cavs go 10 deep and lose a lot. You have to keep your best players in the game as much as you can..!!
nargash::I know what you are saying but you would be risking losing leads and possibly games. Spurs bench is mostly international players who are starters in their national team and that says a lot about how good the players they have in their bench. You can't tell me Wrotten is better than Patty Mills?
rc021363::How do you think the Spurs bench got good?  By Coach P letting the bench have a chance to get game time regularly.  To play once every few games, if you are lucky, is not time enough to warm up and produce in basketball.
nargash::Do you have bench like the Spurs? Name me a team that have bench like Spurs? Maybe Clippers but they are hobbled..!
rc021363::Try telling the Spurs that.
Nash_Memph_ville::leur got minutes yesterday. didn't do much with them..
rc021363::Coach Hollins will not give Leuer hardly any real game time, and it is like any good players, you can't produce in limited game time, at any level.  Players need consistent game time to start producing.  Mike Conley did not do well for a while, and it took a lot of game time before Conley has improved and become an asset to the team.
xbonezzo::Davis and DA are guna be on the floor pretty soon like speights and DA were
pedrobear1::CJ AND LEUER WILL ROT AND DIE ON THE BENCH .
Benjamayne::he was a 53% 3 pt shooter
xbonezzo::idk about daye
nargash::He will be bench warmer..!!
bananajoe1981::YEAH.  I knew it.  Grizzlies will win an grizzlies have won.  And I have won 250 $$$.  Thank you Grizzlies  good night everybody.
pedrobear1::pretty sure you sounded like most whiny bettor on the grizz boards
Wayz112::Fine. We will throw in Chris Singleton. That means you are getting Chris Singleton AND Crawford for Ed Davis and your draft pick. So please just leave before I call the police because you are robbing me. You are robbing me blind.
Benjamayne::^ that wasnt a question, it was a matter of money and the future
Nash_Memph_ville::We don't need back court players, man.  Do you not follow the nba at all?  Connley and Bayless have been playing great. Our only questionable spot was at SF, because Gay was having a career worst year...
nargash::You have Okafor,Nene,Booker,Seraphin. Why add another F?
Jbrad24seven113::Ball was distributed nicely tonight.. Rudy really showed off his passing skills tonight at the 3 spot..  Oh wait....
Benjamayne::its not that easy to rack up assists when tony allen is ur SG, and your PF and C are post players
Jbrad24seven113::What does that mean?!?!
pedrobear1::you sound like Vernon. Get over yourself. He's gone now no need to bring him up every minute. Trade benefited both teams
Jbrad24seven113::Bet u were one of the ones that cried when he left.. Bet u originally thought this trade was horrible for grizz  Weren't cha
Lemuel7043::Looks like a Win-Win trade
machinegunkelley80::You saw that from one game?
Lemuel7043::I can see the future
