truesportfanman::The Lakers are soon to knock pop's spurs out of the 2 spot.
Dukaw::Tell Coach Pop to warm the bench with his starters becuase that's how he underestimate other teams! That's how he coach. I'm a Spurs fan but always don't agree with how Popovich do his thing.
Two Five Savage::Yay Denver won a game, Charlotte Bobcats have won 4 NBA games this year; thus meaning regular season is pointless.
wildcats828::except that teams who don't win in regular season can't win a championship.
denvrbroncsrule::What kind of logic is that?
BobBobb22::Anyone know if Gallo is back tonight?
luvnbayes::As I have said for many years, nothing more painful in sports than watchng Tim Duncan shoot FT's in the 4th quarter of close games.  In the clutch he does everything else well, but at the free throw line he is truly godawful in clutch situations.
Broncman17::It wouldn't have mattered. Nuggs missed they're fair share too. Nuggs just out-hustled the older Spurs and deserved the win
BurnabyJoeFan::He said older, not old.
luvnbayes::The Nuggets deserved to win.  They certainly out-hustled the Spurs.  They were the hunters and we were the hunted.  But one small correction, the Spurs are not old.  Look at their roster.  They are much younger than a lot of the elite teams in the league.
Broncman17::Gottom line is the Nuggs have had a successfull Texas two step and now just need to take care of busineess at home for the next nine. Then we'll be siitin' pretty!!!
mace1890::i love how sports writers are just saying oh tim duncan was sick or manu isnt 100 % do they not realize that we dont have are leading scorer and starting pf last night we didnt have nene, gallo, rudy ,kosta and mozgof has been nursing that ankle not playing nearly the minutes that he could be. it just pisses me off how everyone has to have a reason why the other team lost they just give no credit to the nuggets. there the real deal and are gonna go a long way this year.
NOVABuffalo::It's not like Spurs fans haven't seen this exact thing - even in championship years
SouthStander132::I agree Mace - but it's all good.  Let them disrespect us - we'll stay under the radar and suprise some people.  Better than being front and center if you ask me!
jayeteee::"Because barely at half-strength, Denver still surprised the now fully stocked Spurs."  LOL.
SouthStander132::They're baaaaaaaaaaaaack!
Broncman17::Go Nuggs!! And BTW, a big shoutout to my beloved CSU Rams! They better make the big dance or it'll be a crime!!!
28denverfan::what the hell was wrong with andre miller taking 18 shots ty lawson didnt even take that many shots
c5a1t3s::the answer is: spurs had afflalo LOCKED DOWN at certain points of the night. when the offense wasn't moving, dre tried to make something happen.
28denverfan::i think they should give afflalo more chances at hit becaue he seems like that type of guy. George karl always just gives the guy with the hott hand the last shot which isnt the right hing to do because the one with the hott hand might not be clutch
28denverfan::hopefully maybe even chandler too
Broncman17::Their deadliest shot in "clutch time" hould be back soon..... GO GALLO!!!
28denverfan::yea but no they wanna just give it to some other player and let them go iso and take the last shot........WHICH IS WRONG
Broncman17::If they just concentrate on what kept them close in the first place, have Ty drive the lane and dish to Manimal for the dunk!! Lol
28denverfan::i think the go to go was established as either afflalo or lawson. maybe harrington too
Broncman17::That's the one thing they're missing. That "dead shot", sure thing, Go to guy...who's gonna step up???
Broncman17::I think 'Dre sometimes feels that pressure to be the senior (leader) to take over a game....Lawson is REALLY coming into his own tho.....
Broncman17::I think Lawson can become this team's leader. Maybe not the highest scorer, or the "go to guy", but he has the skill set and drive to lead this team to success...
28denverfan::i think he wasts to be a starter really bad and out play lawson every trip down i think thats wat happened
Broncman17::If the Nuggs could just get someone to consistantly hit the 15-20 footers, good God, they could be dangerous!!!!!!!
maxfactor233::I don't want to see the Spurs in the playoffs if the games will be officiated like this one was, which I'm sure they will be.  The Spurs were allowed to bump us the whole game but on their end just about any contact resulted in a call.  The Nuggz were clearly the more aggressive attacking team but yet the Spurs were in the penalty almost the whole game, whats wrong with that picture?
Broncman17::The vaunted Spurs at home...DUH???
Broncman17::These Nuggs now have their confidence back and will ride it to the number 3-4 seed in the playoffs. It's only gonna get better when we get Gallo and Nene back. Way to get some revenge in the Alamo City!! Oh...and by the way, the Manimal has been unleashed! Watch out NBA!!!!!
28denverfan::Not this year and i believe the nuggets would rather someone that can block shots and rebound and hustle to every loose ball than someone that just can shoot a jumper
dylanzbylski::The reason you have to keep Nene is for his top of the key jumpshot.  He is dead on from that spot, and has been in the top 3 for shooting percentages for the past 3 years.  He is just a good weapon that will open up a lot for the nuggets offensively.
28denverfan::i say trade nene and get more depth and keep faried starting
28denverfan::if he comes back i dont y they just dont go back to last years line up with him playing center....they can have him playing center and faried playing the 4
Broncman17::Nene sems to be soft. But I'm not sure who's willing to pick up that contract???? I'd like to see a "dead shot" shooter come in....
28denverfan::so what do u think about my prapostion..do u think denver should look into it because hes really not providing like that 13 millin contract says he would
Broncman17::Faried's the REAL DEAL! Watch...
MJ is still the best::Nuggets played really, really well and deserved the win.  They made shots when they had to and played great team defense, considering their interior players were out.  Good win Nugs, you earned it.
denveraic::Will the Nuggets even make the playoffs???
BurnabyJoeFan::I think they finish #4 in the West, possibly as good as #3.  I think it will end.. 1. OKC 2. SA 3. Denver 4. Lakers 5. Clippers 6. Dallas 7. Memphis 8. T-Wolves  I think Houston is a sinking ship and will slip out.
Joel Becker::valid points abiut getting the calls, forget about Bird being a part of the rotation.  I  like their low post presence compared to years past with Mozov, koufas and manimal and think this is an advantage over the thunder as they have no low post players that are a scoring threat.
emaldonado864::I worry about their lack of a low post presence.  It will improve when Nene returns but he seems to fade playing against the Lakers and the Thunder.  Also, a large percentage of Nuggets will never get good calls from the refs.  They (as in the refs) hate Brewer, Miller, Bird, Rudy. and Nene.  Lawson and Afflalo have to get hijacked by terrorist to get a call.  Gallo can get a decent whistle but one out ten won't get it done come playoff time.
Joel Becker::only a couple games away from a top 4 seed, they have 9 game homestand in whch they will make some hay, they are getting their injured starters back, maybe even Chandler to make them even deeprer.  this is a good team at full strength
Joel Becker::TOP 4 SEED
cowboy8335::no
c5a1t3s::insightful
paul2285::The Nugz are starting to get their mojo back, playin' ball the way they should. Faried should replace Nene in the starting lineup when he comes back.
rhowe982::14 turnovers for SA and 9 for Denver. Final points difference in game---5 points. In looking at every box score it shows that the amount of t/o differential is usually the difference in the actual score as well. Interesting how this works. Too bad players just can't seem to grasp this simple documented stat.
Mballa1244::Tim Duncan, Tony Parker, and Ginobili all have to get up more than once at night to go to the bathroom
denveraic::You realize Parker is in is 20's right? Just thought you might like to know that. Idiot.
bmosheman::Understatement of the article "Duncan brushed back Andersen after swiping him in the face with the ball"
denveraic::That was amazing.
emaldonado864::Andre Miller tried his best to blow this game, both offensively and defensively.   Whats up with Kufos?  Is he hurt too?
c5a1t3s::when the offense was stagnant, dre tried to make something happen. you two are clowns.
El danger-mizzle::Totally agree! Hate it when Karl sticks with miller at the end of the game he couldn't make a basket to save his life
mkarger::Gritty win.  Nuggets making a statement (3-0, 2-0 on the road) to open the second half of the season.  This team is going to surge as they get healthy.  OKC needs some competition &gt; it's spelled D E N V E R &gt; watch and learn should be a fun ride.  Western Conference RULES!
RollThunder35::Spurs and Mavs fans dont like seeing OKC rise, so they try to downgrade our success by saying they both own OKC when they clearly dont.  So i like seeing them put in their place.
lsiberian::You haven't won jack yet. A regular season title isn't the goal. Obviously we'd all rather see OKC win than the Lakers, Heat, Celtics or Knicks. Enjoy your 1 seed, but remember it doesn't mean anything. The Mavs and Spurs both know this perfectly well.
RollThunder35::Love seeing Spurs lose.
cowboy8335::The Thunder sucks
mkarger::he thinks this is a football forum
RollThunder35::really?  well if you say so it must be true.  arent they like 2nd best record in the NBA?
RollThunder35::My team is in my name.  Its just REALLY obvious.
cowboy8335::yeah do u have a problem
cowboy8335::whats ur team
RollThunder35::seriously?
cowboy8335::The Nuggets are garbage
ok_sooner82::well that so called garbage team just beat a full strength Spurs team WHILE ON THE ROAD!!!!!!
RollThunder35::liking your own comments, cowboy8335?
martinfingers::The Nuggets might even make the play-offs.
Joel Becker::nuggets will be a top 4 seed
cowboy8335::The Nuggets wil not make the playoffs
DAnnyPrImetIme15::ty, manimal, gallo, AAA., nene. stacked bench. young. hard working. getting real excited about this team
gw687::Dre should be limited to 6 minutes per game to give Lawson 3 minutes rest per half.
DAnnyPrImetIme15::Dre needs to stop shooting the darn ball. 5-18 of the bench? We already have Big Al and Dre looks for the foul every shot. Granted he gets hacked almost every play but with how bad the whistle is this year, he should just stick to distributing and facilitating.
sharar09::ty lawson is a freakin all star i don't care what anybody says.
13Cartman::Gino is not electrifying, he is a flop artist
CUAllStar88::Nuggets win, Knicks lose.....awesome!
CUAllStar88::I like watching the Knicks lose. Just like I like watching people on skateboards fall.
jayeteee::LOL. Okay.
jayeteee::Who cares about the Knicks. Let's move on and enjoy what we have. The Knicks are no more a threat to win the east than the Celtics are at this point. I think if we can get healthy, the Nuggets can play w/ anybody.
DontHaveAGrandsonWithADogCollar::i feel that ty and faried are as underrated as lin and melo are overrated...
NBA_refs_are_weak::if it wasnt for me just so happening to turn this game on, I wouldve had no idea manu returned tonight. espn really fails sometimes in delivering actual sports news. Im not even a spurs fan, but its still an interesting tid-bit to know one of the best players on one of the best teams was finally returning from injury
Mike768114::ummm...espn's tag line was nuggets foil manu return...did you want a parade?
slam_dunk_on_u::Duncan is a washout...  Lawson is way better that Pepe Lepeu (Parker) Ginobili should have won an Oscar for best actor on a basketball court (is flopping considered an art?) LOL  Dejuan Blair eats too many Donuts in practice and is gettin fatter by the minute.  Splitter only does weak layups and don't know how to dunk.
cowboy8335::Tim Ducan is not a washout
Bexindy55::Go to bed so you can be well rested when you see your therapist tomorrow.
twodaysfast::I agree with 2 1/2 of the statements you made...  Duncan is still a good player, just not near as good as he used to be thanks to his age.  Tony Parker is still a dominant PG in the NBA.  Ty is building himself into one, but by no means is he "way better" than Parker.  Blair is a beast.  He destroyed us the last time the Nuggets and Spurs played.
jayeteee::Slam_dunk is a Spurs hater.
Greg_T60::4 time NBA champ. 2 time MVP. Washout?
twodaysfast::Andre Miller was seen after the game still on the floor shooting...
Mike768114::Andrea usually makes half those shots...but guess what, he made the jumper when it counted, that's all that mattered.
jayeteee::Dre is a big part of why this team's succeeded, but all players have their times when they shouldn't be on the floor, and that's where coaching comes in. Karl, like a lot of fans on here have stated, doesn't know who to play and when to play them half the time. JMO.
maxfactor233::Yeah, I was pretty pissed that GK kept him in the game when it obviously wasn't his night.  I almost threw something when they ran that set play for him at the end.
twodaysfast::exactly!  I couldn't for the life of me understand why he was shooting every time he got the ball.  1-10 in the 4th quarter huh?    Hey Andre Miller,   STOP SHOOTING!!!  Sincerely,  Nuggets fans
maxfactor233::and missing....
1226LAZ::WHAT DO YOU MEAN
1226LAZ::CAN YOU CANCEL A TTRANSACTION IN A BETTING SITE
maxfactor233::Not without losing your kneecaps!
1226LAZ::HELLO
1226LAZ::I LIKE TO ASK IF YOU DEPOSIT MONEY I A BETTING SITE AND THE TRANSACTION STILL PENDING CAN YOU CANCELL THEM
jayeteee::LMAO!!!!!!!
etlord1::I think the injuries were good for the Nuggets, otherwise Faried and Hamilton wouldn't have even gotten a chance to prove themselves this season.  Faried would've still only got playing time in every other game, and Hamilton would be in the D-league.  This just makes our bench even deeper.
maxfactor233::Forget the bench, Faried should start from here on out.  Hamilton has some game but passes up too many open looks.
jayeteee::He's(Hamilton) just a little intimidated. It'll wear off.
helmsey::Faried is EASILY putting up the best PER out of all rookies.  Kind of surprised he doesn't get any love from ESPN.
helmsey::Actually, Faried is Top 10 for ALL players.
cellus24::Tim Duncan on nba tv after the loss talking about dever and there high speed offence blowing right past them. I'm not a spurs fan but i think everyone on here can agree that they are a hella lot better then denver http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C3e60...67fUDOEgsToPDskLxFAPiQFAIOItJ--mGlis4
Joel Becker::i dont think everyone on here can agree.  nuggets just won on their home court without two starters and a key bench player.
TunaDM84::Duncan embarassed birdman.
TunaDM84::slam_dick_on_u has nothing to do but troll on espn messageboards
slam_dunk_on_u::and who got the win numbnuts?
maxfactor233::Yeah, that was a rough start but Bird came back and played tough on the boards and even chipped in some points.
TunaDM84::Touche'. But taking a ball to the face and getting dunked on is embarassing.
jayeteee::LOL. You mean the offensive foul that wasn't called?
maxfactor233::Do you really think a guy thats Tatt'd up like that gets embarrassed?
Sixers1234567::Big win for the Nuggets without Nene and Gallo. Ty Lawson hit a huge shot when they were up 1 to go up 3 at the end with 11 seconds left. that  forced the Spurs to attempt (and miss) a 3. Outside of the Thunder I feel anybody can beat anybody in the West
Tkw2008::I agree, the Thunder have had a lot of luck on their side, yes they have those 2 great players, but sooner then later they will start losing the games by 1,2 3 points instead of winning them.
denvrbroncsrule::I don't know, the shorthanded Nuggets should have beat the Thunder that last game we played them. They needed 91 between Durant and Westbrook to win. I don't think OKC is as strong as they are made out to be. Still good though.
maxfactor233::The Thunder are one injury away from being irrelevant.  Healthy they have been the best team but if Westbrook or Durant go down or even get slowed down they are in trouble.    Ty finally hitting outside shots changes everything.  That end of the game J he hit was money.
Greg_T60::Bounty?
maxfactor233::As goofy as Birdman is to look at I have to give him credit for being a real pro.  Guy is obviously in GK's doghouse but with Nene, Koufos, and Mozgov hurt he stepped in and played hard.  If he keeps getting minutes we might even see the BirdHawk doo again.
maxfactor233::Yeah, he's not playing for a reason but I like the hustle and effort he gave anyway, knowing the situation.
maxfactor233::What could they really get for Bird?  I think he's fine right where he's at, filling in when the occasion calls and playing tough.  With the way our big men keep getting hurt we're going to need him.
gary wheatley::I think they are waiting to see what Chandler is going to do before they make their final decision on Bird.  I still think he is going to be delt.  I wish Chandler and his agent would hurry up and make up their minds.
Greg_T60::I like Birdman, but the way some of the guys have stepped up I'm not sure if we'll see him as much as in the past. I think Faried brings more energy.
mrgravis415::after he was hit in the face
mrgravis415::right on his beak
mrgravis415::oh you could tell.  absolutely you could tell
Sixers1234567::true. but u couldnt tell watching it live. only when they showed they replay
gary wheatley::I did hear from denvers announcers that Duncan did go to Bird and apalogize. sorry about the spelling ha ha.  I give duncan a A for sportsmans ship on that
Sixers1234567::Yea but he got embarresed and dunked on by Duncan lol
gary wheatley::max, dont you think Bird is still buying time.  I still think he is going to be delt if eveyone gets healthy before the trade deadline
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts better watch out..Linsanity is coming to town this Wednesday and I am pretty sure it will be a "W" for the Knicks...  The spurts are overrated!
TunaDM84::So your a Suns fan now? Talking to you about sports is like talking to a 3rd grader.
TunaDM84::I thought he seemed familiar. Local McDonals drive thru cashier.
Greg_T60::I usually don't talk to slam_dunk_on_u  . But when I do, I ask for extra fries
slam_dunk_on_u::Actually 3 and a half.... or should I say 3.... the Suns were robbed in 2007
TunaDM84::Your right. Just four championships in the last 12 years. Only one team has more. And it's not the Knicks.
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts are not all that....their home record is misleading
TunaDM84::Losing by 5 is getting the crap beat out of you? You negate your own arguements $@%!$@.
TunaDM84::I think losing by double digits to the heat is getting the crap beat out of you.
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts were chasing the nuggets all game long ...so yes the crap out ....
MileHighFan9::lol
slam_dunk_on_u::If the injury plagued Nuggets beat the crap out of the spurts...what do you think it will happen with a heatlthy knicks team?  NEXT&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
helmsey::Injury Plagued Nuggets are still MUCH MUCH MUCH better than a healthy Knicks team.  Nuggets are 9-0 against the East this year.  The East is weak.
TunaDM84::ovberrated? Aren't the Knicks .500 on the season? LOL.
jayeteee::They'd be the 7th seed, but they'd have any tie breakers in case of a tie 'cause they have an unblemished record against the east(9-0).
Joel Becker::no they are under .500
gary wheatley::If denver was in the East does anyone know with their record after tonite what position they would be in?
Mike768114::Nuggets getting healthy again...everyone writing them off.....we top four team in west when healthy...look out!!
Mike768114::x
gary wheatley::It was a great win for the nuggs.  People probably gonna hate me specially spurs fans but I glad they rubbed it into Parkers french nose.  what a cry baby.  He deserved a teck for getting into the referees face, but no cause its little french baby.  If it was a nuggets player he would have been tecked so quick.
Greg_T60::Lawson beating Parker. Priceless
samvelkesh::Yes we rock. We nuggets. WE. Or do you spurs fans not consider yourselves affiliated with the team in any way? I guess thats what makes us better fans.
Greg_T60::Yeah. if you are a $@%!$@ i'm going to make you miserable
b2msbro::you sound like a miserable person to be around
Greg_T60::He I'm a Nuggets fan. Have been for 25+ years, but wouldn't consider myself part of the team and I don't like my own posts or high five myself in public either
Jg2.o::semantics
Greg_T60::Lexicology
rob811ny::it was clear.
Mike768114::we...was I not clear, I'm a nuggets fan
Greg_T60::"We" and "team" would not include the fans
Greg_T60::We?
Jg2.o::Hello everybody.
naddarians::.
Hawaiian Raiders::Aloha,  GN all have a great and safe week.....March madness is upon us all..
slam_dunk_on_u::lol....  The spurts lost to the injury-riddle Nuggets? wow and at home... Loooks like te spurts are showing their true colors now.  Fluke team!
TunaDM84::You're not even making sense anymore.
slam_dunk_on_u::but the embarrasment of losing to a below .500 team won't change the fact that your team is pathetic!
TunaDM84::The Spurs could lose a dozen times and still have a better record than the Knicks.
TunaDM84::Three loses at home on the season and you call them a fluke. lol
slam_dunk_on_u::3 losses and counting nimrod! 4th on Wednesday!
slam_dunk_on_u::Where are all the spurt fans?  Hiding under their rocks....typical!
Greg_T60::ESPN Boards: The bathroom walls of the internet
slam_dunk_on_u::spurt fans are stupid for even believing their sorry team is a contender
naddarians::Rashard Lewis should smack u for being stupid
slam_dunk_on_u::what a pathetic team...
naddarians::If i had Rashard Lewis's Agent i would be making 500k sitting on the magic bench and drainin threes
