jor30174::Watching the game on wgn instead of espn neil and stacy  nothin better
Playing2wintheGame::Heat suck. That sums it up.
PaneOfCane::and you like boys
FootballFan982::How do you like it Noah when some one pushes back? You should go play tennis!!
bulls00613::This cracks me up who full of s.h.i.t the Heat players are!! They are acting all cool like they sent a message. where was that message last Thursday. They are typical front runners. Oh and Wade is out of gas, he needs to go on Jenny Craig!!!
jared575757::you told them
ThreeKings14::People will always try to give the crown to one of two big players on a team (as they did with Kareem and Magic and as they did with Shaq and Kobe).  The key to it all is how the players handle it.  They could embrace all of this with friendship as Kareem and Magic did, or they could become destructive as Kobe was.    it's all going to come down to ego in the end.  Hopefully Dwade can be Kareem (the guy there first), Lebron can be Magic, and Bosh can be Worthy, and we see 5 or 6 titles out of the Heat!!
windycityflyer2371::if we do blow the #1 seed i do not want u guys 2 panic us chicago fans have been through this before: 2 years ago, the blackhawks lost out on the top seed in their conference, they wound up with the #2 seed but guess what happened next? it did not bother them, they played hard till the end were able to have their grooe and guess what, all the hard work paid off and the stanley cup was back in chicago after 49 long years! all im sayin is IF THE BLACKHAWKS CAN DO IT, THEN SO CAN THE BULLS! DONT STOP BULLIEVIN! PS- IF WE TRY HARDER WE CAN OVERCOME THE INJURIES WEVE HAD AND PULL OFF THE NBA VERSION OF WHAT THE PACKERS DID IN 2010!
dan torell::Dude, you're comparing different types of game... basketball is basketball not hockey - where's the logic here?
44fizzo::the bulls cannot beat the heat
bulls00613::Yeah, because the Bulls didn't just beat the Heat last Thursday, and split with them this season. Yeah makes sense!!
knagra13::king james has a history of beating drose, and now it looks like drose doesn't even want to play anymore.
Arrowpierce::Unlike Lebron who never complains
FootballFan982::If DRose was out there he would be complaining about not getting calls. ; )
TheSixthHeatle::James Jones is so saavy a player, that he single handedly ignited the Heat for the playoff run. Noah is sure to loose his cool in a possible ECF series that may result in a tech or an ejection.Remember the Bulls dont forget. Bulls have been T'd alot this year and only demonstrate their youth in doing so. Maybe next year Bulls, maybe.
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::Set that screen Lebron!
Arrowpierce::Watch out NBA players!  If you are 6 inches shorter and weigh 50 pounds less that LeBron, he is after you!
FootballFan982::What do people expect to happen when a mouse runs into a dog.
jeffery mcgowan::I,m a bulls fan but i know that we are in trouble last night game doesn't mean to much but we will have a long journey in the playoffs
Intellibeam::Well it's playoff time and I can't wait to see how this season unfolds....May the best squad win in the end.
Dabearshawks::coming from a Bulls fan i agree. I just want to watch some damn good games. There's no arguing (well at least there shouldn't be) the Bulls are good and the Heat are good. If they meet in the playoffs it'll be a lot of fun to watch
Intellibeam::Yall better hope boozer doesn't keep these disappearing acts up in crucial games tho.....The Heat didn't even have bosh and he didn't take advantage.
jeffery mcgowan::bozz will not show  up in playoffs so lets just say out of every 3 games he might have 1 good game
a critic::Bosh is not a factor at all he's just extra.
Dabearshawks::Boozer has struggled in the past against the Heat the only time he didn't was the game previous to last night.
Intellibeam::Everybody disrespecting King James......Go read a bible. The King James Version.
Dabearshawks::i think right now im the only Bulls fan posting in here, I don't know about other Bulls fans as I can't speak for them but I'm not disrespecting Lebron i know he's a damn good player, and i respect players that go out and play hard it's what basketball should be, not some Lamar Odom sh.it.
Dabearshawks::Sh.it well i was trying to think of someone to use as an example for not playing hard and Odom was the only one that came to mind due mainly to everything that's happened to him recently.
Intellibeam::Odom had some traumatizing experiences over the summer I heard tho. Like a little girl dying in a car accident he was in. I think something like that.
Intellibeam::Just because hamilton wants to throw a bow and then when it's retturned he wants to act all flimsy like he has cickle cell or something....Just don't blame the heat. And tell John Lucas to get out the kitchen cause it got too hot and so did his temper.
FootballFan982::Dude do you even watch the Bulls play. Noah pushes someone in the back almost every time he goes up for a rebound. Watch the game last week when he sends James Jones face first into the stands.    PS I don't think RIP has walked into a weight room since he left UConn
bulls00613::If Noah or another Bulls player had shoved Wade like Wade shoved RIP, he would have been fined and suspended
CLPD36::Learn how to type.  returned, sickle,
Intellibeam::You mean spell? Or type? Express yourself better than that man....come on you can do it.
Lomax66::Everybody went to the hospital to watch doctors remove a backward 6 from John Lucas's face.
Dabearshawks::Come playoff time how far can the Heat go? You need a bench that can score, Wade, Bosh &amp; James cannot carry the entire team for the entire playoffs i'm not saying they aren't good, I know the 3 of them are good but at some point the bench will have to start scoring, right now the Bulls bench is a lot stronger, it'll be a fun series to watch if it comes down to it.
FootballFan982::I agree. No more Bogans = no more Bulls toughness. Good luck to the Bulls in the playoffs.
MiamiFanSince88::What did Rip do last night? He couldn´t even carry Wade´s jock strap.
a critic::Heat are not winning anything this year.  The writing is on the wall.  You know it, I know it and the Heat are starting to feel it.
Dabearshawks::"learn something about sports" oh i know a lot about sports. A deep bench is helpful, i never said it wasn't as important as star power, though when the stars need a rest you need the bench to step up. That's a fact.
joshuadhickman03::and in a condenced regular season a deep bench matters learn something about sports and you will see a deep bench isn't as important as star power in the playoffs
Dabearshawks::The Bulls struggled against the Pistons and the Wizards one game they won in OT the other they lost that's true. Drose was the reason the Bulls beat the Pistons and yeah i know it's the Pistons but he had his explosiveness back in that game. If the Bulls and Heat meet in the ECF it'll be a great series there's no doubt about that. I'm not some anti-heat fan who's gonna bash wade, lebron, bosh or any of the team. I want to see the Heat and Bulls in the ECF it'll be fun to watch if it comes down to it. Both teams come playoff time will come to play.
Lomax66::Bulls have been struggling against lame teams the past several weeks. DRose is nothing and has done nothing. Bulls record is misleading. Bulls focus on Heat and will get beat by someone else beforehand.
Dabearshawks::Bulls are better then they were last season the addition of Rip has been a good addition (finally after it took him a damn long time to get healthy) and getting rid of Bogans was a good thing. The Bulls have proven that they can beat the Heat what happens in the playoffs? Who knows. all we can do is wait and see what happens.
Lomax66::Blah blah blah,......blah. Same old BS as last season. I don't even think the Bulls will get to the ECF.
Lomax66::JJ made Noah his bit.ch. And Noah didn't do a thing about it. Proves he is a hermaphrodite.
Dabearshawks::Bulls soft? Who's in first? Yeah that's right the Bulls
Lomax66::YAY!!! The Bulls have met their goal for the season.
Lomax66::Lucas got PUNKED on national TV. hahaha
Dabearshawks::Yeah cuz setting picks in the backcourt is sooo cool, so is shoving players to the ground. Heat get maaaaad, classy team classy team
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::the ultimate bandwagoner lol
Dabearshawks::96 and before you jump and say that's jumping on the bandwagon late seeing as how they won it in 91,92, &amp; 93 I wasn't old enough in those years to really grasp the concept of sports and what not.
Lomax66::After which championship?
Dabearshawks::I'm a bulls fan i didn't just jump onto the bandwagon the last year or whatever i've been a fan since the Jordan era
Playing the Dude Disguised as Another Dude::bandwagon fan
white history month::omg get over it. john lucas has eyes and legs to see and avoid getting totally embarrassed...
Lomax66::Sorry your team is as soft as a roll of Charmin.
Intellibeam::These chat rooms get real quiet after the Heat get a convincing win.....Chirp Chirp Chirp. All quiet on the eastern front.
knagra13::whats this chirp chirp business, you fools
a critic::Convincing?  I see your basketball IQ is as new as say the ....... decision?
Dabearshawks::That's cuz the win doesn't mean anything. Wow they beat the Bulls in Miami too bad the Bulls beat them twice in a row previously.
Dabearshawks::Your comebacks are weak and unintelligent try again when you reach puberty
Intellibeam::Yeah and that a- whipping you got in the 5th grade didn't mean anything either huh....."Who are you? How did you know that??" - Dabearshawks
outplayed2::YOU SIR ARE AN IGNORANT. CHIRP CHIRP CHIRP.
Intellibeam::Its ok like your screen name says....You just got out played by the out playa homie....hahahaha
CLPD36::Boy I can't wait to use my voo doo doll on LeBum.  That idiot needs to fall down and break a leg. Better yet, both of them legs.
smenkhare::Please use it on yourself..
Intellibeam::Don't worry I'll heal him energetically after you sabatoge him.
somerandomguy30::By the way, did anyone see Chalmers's flop of the year?
Intellibeam::No but I saw the Heat was that tail last night.....Wax on.....WaX off
tzveme::r we the only 2 on this board rit now
Dabearshawks::which one lol
Dem_Canes_Man::Later Peeps!  Be safe!
brandonlee561heat22::cya
954_2_da_305::Heat and Marlins 2012 world champions!
smenkhare::HEAT yes MARLINS no..
bluegatorboys::stop it
Dabearshawks::Your clearly drunk
954_2_da_305::I don't drink, but hey, Happy 420!
THE BAWSE RICKY ROZAY UGH::lol
somerandomguy30::hyped-up teams never win (with the exception of Kentucky)
Aicyla22::Have a good weekend everyone, enjoy the games. GO HEAT!
Lomax66::That is Lomaxian for "Happy Hangover".
Lomax66::*does Peewee Herman wave*
Aicyla22::haha i totally googled it... fail on my part. Bye!
Lomax66::Goomba lala seniie mojamba!
Dem_Canes_Man::alright homegirl!
KashMunee::PEACE, ..love .. and  Soullllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
brandonlee561heat22::cya
KashMunee::The tradition, as it is practiced today, involves professional Miami heat players who execute various formal moves such as inspiring defense and innovative dunks.   After the bull has been slapped up da head multiple times, the bullfight usually concludes with the killing of the bull by a single Lebron or Dwayne Wade sword thrust to the beasts heart.. OLE
Dem_Canes_Man::excellent work sir, impressive.
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::How many albums have Kurt Cobain and Nirvana made?
Dem_Canes_Man::ok..you are becoming Whack right now!
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::Why have they only played 63 games in April?
Dem_Canes_Man::who?
KashMunee::Tsk tsk.... -Bullfighting, also known as tauromachia,  is a traditional spectacle in which one or more bulls are baited, and then killed in an arena for sport and entertainment. - There was sum bullfighting last nite in Miami
andre3000nyt::4 games, 2-2.  Heat +0.25 scoring differential.  Is that your idea of domination?
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::Is Friends still on?
andre3000nyt::Nah, but the Simpsons is.  And it's awful.
Lomax66::Your machine is broken. Planet Earth is run by apes
Dem_Canes_Man::LOL!
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::So, I'm assuming Steve Nash has around 20 rings by now right?
Dem_Canes_Man::why 1996?
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::Turns out if you try it, it works.
Dem_Canes_Man::why do I get the feeling that you stole this idea from Doc Brown in the famous Back to the Future movies?
Lomax66::You are lying. They didn't invent time machine spark plugs until 1998
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::Because that's the year I built my time machine
Dem_Canes_Man::Play of the game:  Joel Anthony with the emphatic jump hook!
954_2_da_305::I liked when JL3 ran into that  brick wall.
smenkhare::He looks like george Jefferson right now..Lucas that is!!
andre3000nyt::Lebron should do a bum fights video.  You'd love it.
Lomax66::Lucas has been face boned, tea bagged, all by Lebron. He has some good memories to tell his grand kids when he is old sitting in his rocking chair.
Lomax66::Air Joel!
Aicyla22::idk i liked the foul on lebron when he got pulled down
Aicyla22::yes thats it! no i didn't i went to the toronto game
Lomax66::Where he did the spin around backwards over the shoulder layup?
brandonlee561heat22::The reverse layup I think you are referring to, that was nice.  Did you go to the game?
Dem_Canes_Man::Rio also had a bounce pass to UD on a high screen-roll too.
Aicyla22::@ brandon a dunk is a dunk, but boy was his form off   also i forget which play it was but there was a move lebron did that he for sure stole from wade
Aicyla22::haha obviously he doesnt have handle like that, but yes i agree it was nice to see him move like that
brandonlee561heat22::That was nice, UD's first dunk on the pass from Bron was nice
Dem_Canes_Man::what about Chalmes with the crossover / around the back on JL3....  he missed the shot though, but I didn't know that he had handle like that.
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::Wow, today's Bulls suck. This Noah guy seems like a pus<b></b>sy
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::What? Who is this Lebron James guy I keep hearing about?  How did the Heat beat us?!?
954_2_da_305::MJ retired.
I traveled from a time machine from 1996::Just saw that today? SERIOUSLY! WTF!
954_2_da_305::So who farted on the Heat bench last night?
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::the boshtrich! CAW CAW
Dem_Canes_Man::Bob MacAdoo!
brandonlee561heat22::lmao
Learn From This::bye fellow NBA fans
Lomax66::You forgot to say bye to the bandwagon Bulls fans too.
Dem_Canes_Man::peace buddy roe!
Learn From This::Rose is going to enter the Playoffs as a Torso
Dem_Canes_Man::I think that he is more hurt than originally thought.
Maestro6694::yep
tfec2233::I think the Bulls are the 5th best team in the league even with Rose.  But don't get too excited Heat fans, I think your team is the 4th best.  Heat will fall against the Lakers, OKC, Spurs, teams that know how to beat this flawed team that has no C, no PG, no offensive sets, and no bench.
tfec2233::Sigh.  You clearly did not read any of my other posts.  Thanks for providing some real insight here.
tfec2233::Also, the Lakers probably pose the biggest threat. A frontcourt that Miami simply can not guard, a defense that can turn it on and will lay people out (remember Artest is nuts and will get in Lebron's head. Lebron isn't stoic like a Jordan or Kobe).
Lomax66::Heat already smoked the Lakers.
tfec2233::Stop talking about last year.  Last year does not matter.  I'm talking about what I see right now in April.   I
tfec2233::wait so Miami fans are now believing the regular season matters?  I'm talking about playoff matchups and strengths.  Remember Heat fans, the regular season doesn't matter right????!!!
tfec2233::you have nothing of value to add do you.
Lomax66::What you are talking is silliness.
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::remember those teams didnt make it to the finals last year?
Aicyla22::bwahahaha... oh you're serious...
Dem_Canes_Man::I respectfully disagree.
Learn From This::When did SAS beat Mia this year?
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::lol this post is a joke
tfec2233::yeah i have to agree.  People Dallas came out of nowhere last year but the signs were all there.  That's why I'm bringing these teams up.  They matchup well with the style Miami runs.
tfec2233::give me a reason why you think it is a joke.  All of those teams will bore the Heat to death with half court sets.  The Bulls are wild and turn the ball over, which plays into Miami's strength.
Lomax66::Bulls have been struggling with crappy teams lately. That makes them not top 3 at the present time.
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::Heat , bulls and okc unquestionably the top 3 teams
Lomax66::Heat already beat all of those teams.
Learn From This::What is wrong with Stanky Ronny?
Dem_Canes_Man::Hamstring.
Dem_Canes_Man::don't know....they say that he is day-to-day. Whatever that means.
Learn From This::how long
Whitesoxfan5588::man all I can say is rough night for Chicago sports........Bulls, White Sox, Hawks all lose........you add the Cubs and Fire and it would have been a crazy L day lol
brandonlee561heat22::The Cubs were swept by the Marlins yesterday.
Lomax66::Cubs are pretty bad.  They have a lot of work to do. As for the Marlins, good team, but the fans are slowly distancing. They do not want to go down there.
tfec2233::Expect a lot more of that.  Bulls, White Sox, and Hawks are all overachievers, and I'm a Chicago fan
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::lol the bulls
Learn From This::Looks like Bron is about to win his third MVP, know the Lebron Fanboys love that
Lomax66::Should have been going for his 4th in a row. But voters were giving gifts out last year.
tfec2233::As a basketball fan I hope Lebron wins it.  He will be in a category of his own of win three MVP's withut the holy grail.
Aicyla22::a
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::anyone with a brain would love that
Dem_Canes_Man::I personally think that it's going to KD.   The voters will not give it to him.
Aicyla22::whatever, that would be awesome! someone besides myself agrees
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::women.... smh
Aicyla22::The top two MVP candidates should have to play a 1 on 1 game to determine the victor haha
Learn From This::The hate for Lebron would be what would get in the way
Skip1.4ppg Bayless::Durant who?
Dem_Canes_Man::I believe he should win it (Bron), but the voters are tricky. We will just have to wait and see.
Lomax66::Lebron has been supreme lately. Durants name isn't even being heard the past couple weeks.
Learn From This::that record without Wade is what will way voters James way
sportsfans1995::Heat&gt;Bulls
sportsfans1995::hahaha a WHITESOX FAN is talking to me about winning.....
tfec2233::I'm actually confused here, didn't they win about 7 years ago?  Not the Yankees or Cardinals yes, but they have had their share of success
sportsfans1995::no. its just funny how a whitesox fan is talking about winning
Dem_Canes_Man::oh boy...beef in the kitchen?
sportsfans1995::If the bulls and met meet up in the conference finals Heat will win
Whitesoxfan5588::yeah cause 2-2 series means the Heat is better........  wait till the playoffs start.........knowing how much the Heat have struggled against Boston don't be surprised if they don't even make it to the ECF
Whitesoxfan5588::better star players yes  better team........no
tfec2233::better stars equal better teams.  You're off on this one.  Remember, Dirk was the best player in the game last year and the bench was strong enough to hold off the Heat.
GeX.3::Lomax66 is author blocker worthy, you should be honored to be among such elevated company
Dem_Canes_Man::nah...he doesn't spam!
Dem_Canes_Man::Spammers is my target!'  Yet, I didn't know that Lomax66 is a troll though, real talk.
Lomax66::GeX.3 is a half troll. he just gets mad because I have set him straight from time to time. bandwagon Bulls fans seem to be a little sensitive at times.
GeX.3::Dem_Canes_Man - It worked B! LOL!  It's on now!  Where are the Trolls and Spammers!!!!!    only spammers huh ;)
Dem_Canes_Man::no...I am only targeting spammers! Bill, Fidel, etc.
GeX.3::but he trolls like no other.  if he was a bulls fan i bet he'd be on your list
Learn From This::Lucky Heat fans, only have to play BOS  but then WAS twice lol and the Rockets
Dem_Canes_Man::Houston is desperate though...they are fighting for a spot.
Dem_Canes_Man::they are free-falling though....6 straight losses I think.
Learn From This::true
Lomax66::You mean Washington that smoked the Bulls the other night?
andre3000nyt::Deng and Rose on the bench.  Don't be stupid.
Lomax66::It was a smoke job for Washington. Any win is.
Learn From This::that wasn't a smoke job, that game was close.
Dem_Canes_Man::WAS is a juggernaut man!
Dem_Canes_Man:::)
Learn From This::hahaha
Learn From This::I bet Orlando falls to 7, they will lost 3 out of 4 left and if NY ties them, NY has the tiebreaker.  Either way someone is going to get a pass playing ORL
GeX.3::chicago could feasibly lose the 1 seed, so if orlando drops to the 7 it would make up for that
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah man...Orlando is a disaster.
Lomax66::http://s923.photobucket.com/albums/ad73/Moonsilence6/?action=view&amp;current=splat.jpg
GeX.3::is that supposed to be carlton banks  you know thats a joke among the chicago announcers and JL3 right, hardly an insult if that's your intention
GeX.3::yeah i thought it was kinda dumb but you get a C+ for effort
Lomax66::And did you see a backwards number 6 on his face?
GeX.3::see above.  lucas even joked about learning the carlton banks dance
Lomax66::That is Lucas
dool22::why does ESPN keep saying Rose-less Bulls?? haven't the bulls team won enough games without that overrated $@%! to get some respect?
Aicyla22::they can get some respect, but they can't go all the way without Rose
Aicyla22::I agree I miss 90's basketball :( I am getting old...
Lomax66::I am 50/50 thinking on the Bulls getting to the ECF. None the less, any game playoff time is fun time. When teams have to see each other game after game, things tend to get more old school physical. I like that. The good players get better.
Aicyla22::you and i both and that game last night was such a tease!
Lomax66::Well, if he plays he plays. I am not even thinking about it actually. I want the team to play out these games and get to playoff time so I can get excited for a game. I have been bored lately while they play these games against soso's. I am ready for the good stuff now.
Aicyla22::perhaps, but he's still a force to be reckoned with, i just don't see how he will get back into the flow after missing so much time
Lomax66::I think it makes their offense more predictable.
Aicyla22::i agree, but it sure will help their chances
Lomax66::Nor with him.
Playing2wintheGame::Every team is banged up. Who gives a shit. let the playoffs begin.
Dem_Canes_Man::fast forward to the post season.
Vanderbilt Kid48::We are ok  We can beat Miami with rose and Deng healthy
Dem_Canes_Man::Chicago still needs a true #2 to take the pressure of Rose. Boozer and/or Deng supposed to be that guy. Not enough fire power IMO.
Dem_Canes_Man::ok...it's awesome though!  *Block so Hard! :)
Aicyla22::yes canes man he told me about it before, maybe ill give in a DL foxfire or google chrome as the spamming gets worse
Aicyla22::i have a macbook, what i am supposed to do dl a new browser just for that?
Dem_Canes_Man::ah...that's tough. Apple don't play that.  This is amazing though...shout out to Brandon on this one! Dude hooked me up for real.
Learn From This::safari booooooooo
Aicyla22::no bc i have safari
Dem_Canes_Man::true that!  Hey, do you have the Author Blocker too?
Aicyla22::rose being healthy is a big IF
Learn From This::Bulls wont make it past Boston in the second round  And they better hope they don't some how drop to the second seed, or they will be taken out by the Knicks.   all because Thibs has played Rose and Deng like a bunch of dogs
GeX.3::rose and deng have had the most rest of anyone on the bulls besides rip
tfec2233::so much garbage in all of these posts.  speculation and nonsense.  Give me a real reason why the Bulls won't beat the Heat, Celts, etc that actually involves understanding the game of basketball.  Like the fact that KG performs terribly against Noah, Rondo struggles to guard Rose, Rose turns the ball over too much against the Heat, the Bulls don't understand how the trap works.  Those sorts of reasons.  Not bs.
andre3000nyt::I'd be happy to face both of those teams.
Learn From This::who's ever fault it is the injuries will cost CHI in the long run
GeX.3::<b>frankly i <u>hope</u> we play boston in the 2nd round, and wouldn't mind playing NY in the first either... followed by miami in the ECF</b>  we match up <i><b>perfectly</b></i> with boston (worst rebounding team vs. best), and noah on KG is a disaster for the celtics
GeX.3::thats not really thibs' fault.  lu had a freak injury to his wrist and its not like rose was top 5 in minutes
Learn From This::They still are <b> banged up going into the playoffs</b>
andre3000nyt::How'd Boston do against the Bulls so far?
andre3000nyt::Well, since you say so, I guess I've entirely changed my opinion.
Learn From This::Their garbage is &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; then a banged up CHI team.
andre3000nyt::The Celtics are garbage.  They can't win on the road just because they had a nice little run doesn't make them a contender.  There are only two real contenders and one sub-contender in the East.  And Boston isn't any of them.  The Bulls beat THIS Celtics team last time they played and 3-1 on the season.  The C's are irrelevant to the 2012 post-season.
Learn From This::WTF does have to do with the playoffs, agaisnt a BOS team that is player much better since those match ups?
izrosechinese::Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha! Miami takes a MASSIVE DUMP on SHI@cago! You have NO SHOT against us in the playoffs you FILTHY PIGS! Were gonna KICK UR $@%!! Just Like Lebron Wade and Jones did to ur SISSY players last night! BAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ameans474::You're a tool
andre3000nyt::But his arguments are really solid and well researched, no?
whispering_eye_::LeBron James should be comeback player of the year. As in "Come back, player. There's still a 4th quarter to play."
seanie719::Don't worry. You still have time to come up with a good joke. Not too many people saw this one. Shhhh I won't tell.
