Mike747865::Eventhough kobe says he has one goal which is number 6....do you guys think a part of him is chasing kareem....I mean if he plays 5 more seasons it is very very very possible
Mike747865::I know it sounds rediculous but i've seen kobe do some things unknown to man kind so I just always assume skys the limit....I remember like 3 years ago kobe said he could see himself playing till he was 40..granted his body was much different 3 years ago
Mike747865::maybe.....
dplunk18::maybe...there's more than one way to "skin a cat". I wouldnt put it past Kobe that he could be very effective at age 36.
Mike747865::yea i know for a fact he wont do that...but i do think he could average 25 a game when hes 36
dplunk18::Kobe has already hinted that he won't stick around to average 17 or 18 points a game, and i hope he holds true to that.
Mike747865::btw this is my last post but I was reading peoples earlier comments about kobe's play last year and I don't think people realize how much pain he was playing through....He even admitted he was considering retiring.....Yes kobe's minutes this year may be taking a slight toll but regardless I still think its remarkable what hes doing...yes he arguably shot us out of the game against washington and detroit....but there have been so many cases when kobe has come to the rescue for the lakers people need to learn to respect the man....16 years in the league and the agression and first step is making me think he deff has more time...I mean 33 isn't really that old...
Mike747865::he's going to achieve success at success at success at success....I hope he takes up golf...and starts entering celebrity pro-am's that jordan is in lmao....lets keep the ball rolling kobe!!!
not stoned today::Agreed! The only time I was ever truly disappointed with Kobe was his recent 9 for 31 game. I mean, if the shot isn't falling than feed the bigs. Off nights happen. If tonight was not your night, don't try to make it your night. Other than that, what he has done considering the injury's and being able to maintain the longevity is purely remarkable. He is one of the best I've ever seen (and I've seen alot) but his mindset is comparable to very very few. I just wonder what he will do when he does retire. Probably take up some sort of hobby and thrive to dominate that. He will be like the guy in the movie Faster who said "I beat yoga. I need another challenge" How the hell do you beat yoga!
not stoned today::I posted this in a reply but I think people should read this more prevalent because it will put things in perspective. Something will happen. A move will be made. Not sure what it will be put it will be made. The Lakers were ready for improvement and Stern killed it. Here was the essential plan of action that would have worked. Now my older post  "I was always for keeping Bynum. If Howard were to come along, I would have taken it, but Howard does not fix the essential problem at point guard. The whole reason we have the scrubs doing nothing (Kapono, Murphy, etc) is because they were specifically brought in for what they are...spot up shooters. How do you probably get spot up shooters in use? A driving point guard. They were brought in in anticipation for Chris Paul. That didn't work (thanks again Stern) so these guys are kind of left stuck in the mud. They can't create their own shot rendering them useless."
Mike747865::It's a shame that the NBA is run by a facist $@%! hitler like commisioner and owners...Regardless....of them having ownership of the hornets....why is dell demps working there then????I have never witnessed a more rediculous thing in sports ever!!! three teams agree to a deal....the deal is made all parties are happy and then its called off citing "basketball reasons" stern look at the move you ended up making yea those hornets are quite the threat and boy they just keep filling up that stadium
Mike747865::after the game against boston gasol had that look on his face like..."this might be the last home game I play at staples :("    I hope he stays unless we get some serious quality in return
Mike747865::I will be very very sad
dplunk18::The Bulls may have had Mike But lakers Had Kobe..not a bad consolation prize!
not stoned today::Very true indeed. I think my second saddest day as a laker fan will be when Kobe retires. My first was the whole Magic announcement.
Mike747865::I know what you mean
dplunk18::Hate to see him go too., but the lakers have to think about the future..Just as sure as the sun will set... Kobe is going to retire soon, and I dont want the lakers to miss out on an opportunity to solidify their future.
not stoned today::I would hate to lose him also but my gut tells me he is gone. He is the most valuable trading chip to try to get quality in return. His trade would hurt far less than losing Bynum, but we should only lose Gasol for a decent PG and some serviceable help.
Mike747865::derek fisher needs hang em up and chill with gary viti on the sidelines
Mike747865::ur a very smart man I'm with you on that.....quit whining....It's a business...
not stoned today::I lost all respect for Odom. He handled that like a p***y. Trades happen. You don't hear everybody else crying when they are traded. Unhappy certainly...but c'mon man, deal with it and play the game.
Mike747865::yea he's hit some big shots for us....none greater then against san antonio lol....even against dallas this year he hit the three...eventhough I felt not one player on the court was paying attention that game..the whole odom thing was a big distraction
not stoned today::I would still rely on him in the last two minutes of a big game
Mike747865::they say he's going to play next year the lakers owe him a couple million...i think hell bank on that
dplunk18::I agree Mike...DFish can leave when he chooses..he just shouldnt be allowed to start or play starters minutes much longer.
Mike747865::And i dont want him to I think its important he stays a part of the organization his leadership is big....he just cant move anymore....I even get nervous when he dribbles the ball up the court
dplunk18::He probably will after season is over..he certainly wont abandon Lakers for the rest of this year.
Mike747865::Question to knowledgeable laker fans? lets talk thursday who do we think were getting....who do we need....etc.....From my perspective I do not want us to break up the core....I just think we need a serviceable guard and some bench help
Mike747865::You explained that to perfection
not stoned today::I was always for keeping Bynum. If Howard were to come along, I would have taken it, but Howard does not fix the essential problem at point guard. The whole reason we have the scrubs doing nothing (Kapono, Murphy, etc) is because they were specifically brought in for what they are...spot up shooters. How do you probably get spot up shooters in use? A driving point guard. They were brought in in anticipation for Chris Paul. That didn't work (thanks again Stern) so these guys are kind of left stuck in the mud. They can't create their own shot rendering them useless.
Mike747865::Idk man i think a serviceable pg will deff give us a fighting chance
dplunk18::I'm all for Howard for future purposes..a Good PG will come..eventually. Howard wont guarantee a tiltle this year, but a quality PG wont guarantee a title either
Mike747865::Idk be4 this season I was all about that deal but the more i see bynum develop and avoid injury I like where we at...Granted bynum and dwight are completely diff players at the same position....i just think if we are going to make any deal at all it needs to be a gaurd....
dplunk18::I still think its going to be DHoward
Mike747865::thats what im thinking...I've never been big on beasley but after he dropped 27 the other night it made me think who on are team can do that off the bench....I don't think anyone
Amaze76er::Sessions beasley arenas will be good for me
Amaze76er::Lakers and houston had a deal already scola n lowry for gasol but lowry results came out bad his out for a month with a bacteria infection
Lakerfresh::yea hes done
Lakerfresh::"Some executives believe the Blazers are interested in trading Raymond Felton for Steve Blake, according to CBS' Ken Berger. Blake spent 2 1/2 seasons with the Blazers from 2007-2010. He never averaged more than 11.0 points or 5.1 assists. Still, Portland is apparently desperate to shake things up as the names of Felton and Jamal Crawford continue to pop up in rumors."
Mike747865::yea I agree and I mean im ok with the minutes...goudelock is getting right now but he deff brings a spark off the bench he can knock down the jumper...he's got a nice tony parker like floater and most importantly he's not scared at all he takes full advnatge of the opportunity when hes on the court
Mike747865::I think we need to develop goudelock btw that kid his potential
Lakerfresh::This is the second time Feltons name has been brought up in trade discussions with us, starting to think their is some fire for a trade.  Goudelock is better off the ball, doesn't get enough minutes because Kobe is the 2. Of course Mike Could try and work in a Goudelock SG Kobe SF type look
Mike747865::raymond felton will help
boom.shaka.::You smell that?  It's fresh troll.  Nothing else in the world smells like that, Son.  I love the smell of troll in the evening.  It smells like....victory.
Lakerfresh::A little something for the next game I guess is good news.  Rudy Gay has a concussion so he will probably miss tomorrows game. No Zbo or Gay to worry about...You'd think we should handle them.
Mike747865::i know because all we heard after the miami game was the bosh nonsense...omggg drove me crazy
not stoned today::That will help in the standings, but I never like to see players go down. That way there are now excuses. I like to see that best beat the best at their best.
Mike747865::I hope so...but you never know with us....i need thursday to pass so are team could just play with some clarity
not stoned today::There is one thing that particularly bothers me about LeBron. He is an amazing talent; a freak of nature even, but his awkward faults are just plain incomprehensible. The series when he mysteriously "hurt" his elbow (yet that injury was never diagnosed to this day) causing him to shoot a free throw left handed was perplexing. I've never seen any of the greats do something like that. That alone led me to question his heart and mental fortitude. I can create a few more but that one got the snowball rolling for me. It's really a shame because he is a phenomenal talent.
Mike747865::LeDelonte West did an interview this year and said after they lost the finals he didnt leave his room for two weeks because he was so distraught....I'm like this guy is a lier....there were reports he was clubbing in Miami the night they got eliminated lmao
not stoned today::Hahaha....I'm surprised he didn't grab someones ankle in the stands and claim he had to take them to the ER so he can bounce from the end of the game
Mike747865::Me and my buddy kept rewinding the dvr we were like wtf is this guy doing.....he just grabbed like 3 diff ankles lmao
not stoned today::Hahaha....yea that one too. I saw that game and all I was was "WTF!"
Mike747865::How about the other day against the lakers when he dove into the stands to save the ball and then pretended his he hurt his right ankle...but then as he rolled on the ground he grabbed his left ankle....then he fake limped to the huddle...and then came into the game sprinting lmao
Lakerfresh::How easy was it making that loser leave. Now we can talk about the team actually
boom.shaka.::Give us your tired losers, your poor trolls, your frightened children yearning to be heard by somebody....ANYBODY.  --Inscription on every Lakers discussion board
ZachC1965::Adios! Have fun rooting for Rape Boy!
Lakerfresh::Well guess its time to put this thread to rest, on to making fun of the clippers!
Amaze76er::Lebrick u need howard bosh and wade to win?? Kobe just needs gasol difference between greats and sell outs...
Amaze76er::Sessions will be a laker b4 thursday
Mike747865::i will take a ramon sessions and maybe some bench help this year though hahah we need the 6th man
boom.shaka.::Don't get me wrong...I don't blame fools for coming to the Lakers' board to talk smack.  I mean, it's not like there's anybody on their own team's boards so they  have to go somewhere.
ZachC1965::true...there are always plenty of idiots in a Lakers chat that can be pissed off with complete ease...
not stoned today::Air bud won more championships than LeBron
ZachC1965::And raped less women than Kobe! good boy!!!
Amaze76er::lebrick What a fa.g walking around miami with a purse and sandals...lol
Mike747865::TMZ recently saw lebron sporting the lil wayne's cheetah leggings
boom.shaka.::One of the best things about being a Lakers fan is the fact that fools still try to talk smack the day after the game.
Mike747865::I can promise you I am more educated then you
Mike747865::I absolutely love the fact that are team is sooo hated
ZachC1965::I love that you can't even spell 'our'...  Wow...
ZachC1965::And the worst part? Aside from two of your best players being a rapist and pervert I mean...  Magic bends over and a franchise collapses...
Lakerfresh::This old dude been burning candles at 10 ends hating all day. I feel bad for him
ZachC1965::Why is the typical Laker fan such a complete know-nothing..?  I know they have a lot of bandwagon jumpers, but it's just so pathetic...  Guess there's a reason LA is known for being full of airheaded bozos...
Mike747865::dude in 1996 there was no lakers bandwagon....we hadnt won in like 8 years...and we would only go on to win 3 years later so shut it....The laker shave missed the playoffs twice in the past 30 years...although there are laker bandwagon fans we have much much much fewer then those of the knicks heat clippers etc
ZachC1965::the black mama is more like it...such a woman...  and don't brag about jumping onto the LA bandwagon, bozo...it's like bragging about voting for GW...
Mike747865::Im actually from Connecticut and have watched every laker game since 1996 when we had dell harris nick van axel and kobe still had a fro so just shut up...we also used to constantly get bounced in the conference finals by the jazz....so yes 5 championships later thanks to the black mamba we will be on here keeping people like you quiet
Amaze76er::No wonder all nba players and alltime greats talk down on lebrick all the time...he wants team USA just to win a title lmao
Mike747865::LeDelonte West wants dwight on his team cuz he trusts him more at the line at the end of games
Lakerfresh::6 hours later, I comeback and the 47 year old Zach is still here talking about Kobe. Could life suck any worse for the old man?
Mike747865::wait a second this guy has been here this long? he prolly logs in between his intervals of watching gay porn
ZachC1965::keep popping those zits little guy, you'll get a date someday...
ZachC1965::the stuff of you with Sandusky would test anyone's notion of good taste though...
Lakerfresh::nah I'm guessing a few diaper changes.
ZachC1965::Yes, your mom could get off of her knees...
Mike747865::hahaha no one has ever used that be4...good one
Amaze76er::Lebronze says wade n bosh are good not enuff for him to win..so now he calls howard to sign and join then too .lmao
Amaze76er::Lmao now lebrick wants howard in his team to win...haha this lebrick guy is a joke to the nba
Mike747865::LeDelonte West makes me sick
MonkeyPayne::LOL
ZachC1965::It's so fun railing on the little Laker fangirls in here...  They go into a rage, yet I pretty much ignore their angry replies entirely...  Too fun...will be back soon to rattle their cage a little more...
MonkeyPayne::Huh???? Rage?? I mean you are the one that can't handle an that is why you are leaving right?
Mike747865::I love the fact that people like you come on here....
boom.shaka.::I like how he says he "pretty much" ignores their angry replies, yet has a response to every single one of their angry replies.
MonkeyPayne::Lol zach1965 forgot about the fact that the lakers are only 2 games behind second place and still bagging on kobe. Jealous much?
ZachC1965::I find it interesting to ponder the thought that the Lakers will need to cut Kobe at some point, maybe as soon as this year..?  He's just such a handicap almost every night...to have to overcome a guy who shoots 7 for 24 or 9 for 31 on a typical night has to be awful...  I know the refs still give him enough FTs that it might be worth keeping him around, but it's a tough call...even if he waived the 'no-trade' clause I can't see anyone taking on that salary...  Keep in mind the Colts cut Manning, and he was a 4-time MVP! Kobe's only tasted that kind of success once...and is just mediocre on a good night at this point...
MonkeyPayne::Didn't Kobe win a game 7 vs the celtics to win his fifth title?
MonkeyPayne::Yes he is and you are the one that needs a hanky hahahaha
ZachC1965::good stuff...go into standup! you'll probably be better there than Kobe is in Game 7's...
ZachC1965::And he has one, so what..?  Tell me you're not dumb enough to call him finals MVP after the 6 for 24 choke...
MonkeyPayne::Finals MVP award has a more meaningfull taste of success
Mike747865::cut kobe you do realize he has a no trade clause...
ZachC1965::That's why you have to cut him...then again, no one would trade for that contract anyway...
Mike747865::the mvp award is completely irrelevant in the nba...when steve nash has won more mvp's then kobe I've Learned to completely disregard the award....
MonkeyPayne::Exactly.... For the passed 10 years, whoever wins the regular season MVP award doesn't even make the finals
MonkeyPayne::I didn't know winning the MVP award is such a success. Btw Kobe tasted the MVP award 3 times.....
ZachC1965::No, Kobe has one real MVP and didn't even deserve it...  Kind of like the finals MVP he won after the 6 for 24 collapse...
Mike747865::Kobe has the finals mvp's much more prestigious of an award
Mike747865::did you just make a comparison between peyton manning and kobe bryant?
MonkeyPayne::So you are saying a 4 time MVP is worth more than 5 rings?
ZachC1965::Well Kobe was along for the ride...Manning was leading the way with his only title...
Mike747865::A comment like that and I know you must be a heat fan
MonkeyPayne::Zach1965 is a little b.itch
MonkeyPayne::I guess everyone that calls you a b.itch is crying according to you then?
ZachC1965::You make it pretty obvious...  but hang in there...it's just a sports chat room...
MonkeyPayne::I didn't know you could tell if someone was crying thru the computer screen
ZachC1965::Need a hanky?
ZachC1965::Yeah, but you're crying like one yourself...
MonkeyPayne::Lol hanky for what? I'm calling you a b.itch
ZachC1965::Will Kobe even be the Lakers' MVP this year..?   I'd put Gasol and Bynum ahead of him at this point, in terms of actually helping the team...8 for 29 nights are actually a detriment...  thoughts..?
Mike747865::so he has to create everything on his own on legs that have been playing hard for 16 years....he seemed to shoot pretty well against d-wade....since the all star break even with those poor shooting nights hes still shooting like 46%
Mike747865::he has no pg in an offense that needs a pg to run efficiently
Mike747865::you obviously dont understand basketball
ZachC1965::That's kind of sucky, hope you realize that...
Mike747865::dude is shooting 44.5 percent from the field this year thats where hes always been
MonkeyPayne::I didn't know 5 rings is a joke but the only joke here is a Kobe hater like you.
ZachC1965::the only stats that matter:  6 for 24 in his biggest game  34-48 in his one big year to prove himself...  kind of a joke, huh..?
Mike747865::let me throw some stats at you
ZachC1965::Pay attention, Kobe's just sucking it hard at this point...  9 for 31 is actually not an unusual night for him...  Almost every night is a bad shooting night for him now...you're just flatout lying about the 'three bad nights'...more like he's had three good nights...
Mike747865::As a die hard Laker Fan...not Kobe fan....Laker fan....I cant stand such rediculous comments..Kobe has had three horrific shooting nights this year....other then that his numbers are up across the board and hes shoot just under 45% from the field leading the league in ppg, his assists are as high as they have ever been in his career as well as his rebounds...he wouldnt be shooting 9 for 31 not "8 for 29" if we had a pg that coould actually control the flow of the game and help create shots all game....In his 16th year in the league Kobe is putting up numbers that are above and beyond what anyone could expect out of any human being....So please just stop....Bynum and gasol have had just as many games if not more where they disappear into the abyss and shoot like 30-40% from the field and their shots are coming from inside 10 ft
Mike747865::dont ever come on here and make a comment like that again
ZachC1965::I know the truth hurts, but I'm just naturally candid.
Mike747865::are you cluess?
Amaze76er::If we had ariza and bynum healthy in 08 we would of be talking about a 4peat last year..
ZachC1965::If only the NBA weren't so corrupt, we wouldn't have seen the Lakers in the finals since '89...
benga4lebron::can we all stop it with "gasol is 31, turning 32 and he's too old" crap.    He only been in the league for 10 years, which is only 2 more years than DWADE and LEBRON. So your telling me DWADE and LEBRON is washed up in 1-2 years also?    Look at the mileage people, don't always look at age.    GASOL has at least 4 years of great basketball left.
MonkeyPayne::Yes a very good one
sutherlacd27::mileage isnt always the best indicator either.  look at kobe for an example.  each player is different.  but i agree with you that gasol has some good years left
ZachC1965::Is Kobe an example of someone who still has it..?  Not a very good one if so...
the_real_skip_baseless::lebron was only 18 when he joined, not sure about d wade though
Anti-Stratfordian::Gasol is not old.
Anti-Stratfordian::"SI.com reports that Howard would have interest in signing with the Miami Heat and Los Angeles Clippers if he is not traded by the NBA Trade Deadline on Thursday."  lol
hatenorv::if dwight was able to sign with miami, i think the other teams would just give up. They would turn a bottom five starting center into the best
Qzhoopin72::People go to all extremes to dig up useless trivia &amp; egghead stats, trying to make a case for poor little Lebron. They want sooooooo bad for him to be able to sit at the grown folks table with guys like Kobe, D-Wade, Pierce...etc...  Lokk y'all, let's forget about all Lebron's regular season heroics and see what he does in June, when it really matters. He's gonna win another REGULAR SEASON MVP (deservedly) but nobody really cares....been there, done that.
Qzhoopin72::!.  Can't penalize him just cause Wade &amp; Bosh are on his team. If anything, he's proven even more productive when either of those guys are missing. Magic won MVP even though he had Worthy, Kareem &amp; Cooper. Bird won MVP even though he had a super-team too, McHale, Parish, Dennis Johnson.  2. So what if he's won twice before?  3. Last year's Finals have NOTHING to do with 2011-2012 regular season
hatenorv::i have a hard time believing that miami would be a top team without lebron. Lebron does so much for that team, he doesnt take bad shots and still fills up the stat sheets. Voters aren't just normal idiotic fans like most people on this board who think that lebron playing badly in the finals last year means he shouldn't win this year, all of them know what PER is, and that alone guarantees him the MVP. MVP is also voted on before playoffs, so its irrelevant whether lebron 'chokes' by passing to the open player in the finals
nba is the worst::1.  It's one of the alltime reasons why players don't get MVP - because the team would still be a top team without him. (league intentionally doesn't have a published definition of MVP, so it's come to mean "best player on the team with the best record)  2. So the voters are more likely to give it to someone else - especially if they have the best record  3. It's up to the individual voters - and in lebr0n's 1st 2 MVPs he didn't even make the Finals.
Qzhoopin72::What are those 3 strikes?
hillj9::4. He sucks in the 4th quarter and the secret is out.  ESPN can't hide his mental flaws anymore.  5. He is due for a knee injury.  6. Writers would rather give it to someone else.  Lebron burned a lot of bridges with his stupid selection extravaganza.
nba is the worst::1. Wade and Bosh on the team means opponents can't key on him defensively (no wide-open threes like the Pacers gave up at the end of regulation without them on the floor).  2. He's already won it twice (voters like to spread it around - no 3-time winner since MJ).  3. Alltime Finals record scoring decline just last June
Qzhoopin72::I'm a Laker fan, but I'm not a Lebron hater.  I'd still give him the MVP over Durant in a close race. I don't drink the Skip Bayless kool-aid.
nba is the worst::IMO he's not the favorite for MVP - there's 3 strikes against him.
World Champs t y Dirk::"I have as many championship rings as Lebron and I am a loser that hangs out on stupid ESPN threads"    regards,  Everyone Here
ZachC1965::You really need to improve your self-image...
Anti-Stratfordian::In 2011-12, 4th quarter or overtime, less than 5 minutes left, neither team ahead by more than 5 points: &nbsp; Kobe:  24.0 points, 6.0 assists, 6.7 rebounds. 30% shooting. LeBron:  26.7 points, 8.2 assists, 12.0 rebounds. 44% shooting.&nbsp;  <i>(production per 36 min of clutch time)</i>
hillj9::Shouldn't those assist number for Lebron be higher?  He's constantly giving the ball away in the 4th.
Qzhoopin72::Kobe won as many NBA titles as Lebron did last year too!!
sutherlacd27::give us the run down of his 4th quarter production in the finals....
hatenorv::kobe was 0-6 last playoffs in the final 2 minutes of every game
winters999::u keep coming up with regular season stats.  give us some final stats PLEASE.
nba is the worst::And unbelievably WORSE than Dirk's - something like 5X, as I recall?
Anti-Stratfordian::It was certainly a lot better than Kobe's production in the Finals last year.
World Champs t y Dirk::Lebron lost in case you werent aware
Qzhoopin72::How about in May &amp; June, when it matters??
World Champs t y Dirk::Zach = Lebron Yall are like twins.  just look at the comparisons You both have the same amount of championship rings  You both are losers  You both say stupid sh#$ that makes people wonder why you are aloud to speak and Everyone here hates you as much as Lebron I wonder if D. West hit your mama too
ZachC1965::Sweet! Would much rather be like LBJ than Rape Boy...
Amaze76er::Zach try to get a job or a life or make friends in the streets ...why be here all day like a bum...
ZachC1965::I'm just following in your glorified footsteps...
Amaze76er::Breaking  news lakers and nets in trade talks gaso for d.will
grapenutz78::nah
ZachC1965::A Laker, a rapist and a snitch walk into a bar...  "Hey Kobe, howzitgoing??" everyone says...
ZachC1965::The punch line was Kobe's fist up your rear end, but oddly you didn't even feel it...
Qzhoopin72::Is there a punch line?? Oh....that was it?? My bad...
nhcasillas::By the way your joke killed.
nhcasillas::Poor zach is 47 years old and still has to go on the internet to talk about another man due to jealous reasons. I feel for you man if you ever think of suicide, grow some balls and go through with it.
ZachC1965::Whoa, you really have a crush on the man don't you???  Funny...you'd never stick up for a woman in a million years but you trip over yourself rushing to rape-boy's defense!
Rambomonster9::Did the Lakers really reject Rondo for Gasol straight accross?  that would be insane.  Rondo is like 5 years younger and a better player, gasol has like 2-3 good years left because of age, Rondo still has plenty
hatenorv::rondo may be better than gasol, but if you start mcroberts or murphy, you are going to get slaughtered against good teams. Losing one of your top scorers and replacing him with a guy who doesn't really shoot too much, doesn't help the lakers who are offensively challenged. Rondo scores most of his points and is most effective in transition, which lakers probably run the least of any team. Bynum would get 25 points per game off alleyoops and post moves, but no amount of skillful passing and deft maneuvering through the lane will get mcroberts replacing paus value
Qzhoopin72::Rondo is better than Gasol???? Well damn....and I thought you Kobe haters said Gasol "carried" Kobe to 2 rings!!!
sutherlacd27::giving up gasol for rondo without getting any sort of post player in return as well makes the lakers worse.
Rambomonster9::you little sob
nba is the worst::Obviously, but Rambomonster is a heatles fan, so you can't expect him to understand why trades are or aren't made...
grapenutz78::rondo can't shoot
ZachC1965::You're a droolingly lame Kobe fanboy.
chompah99::You're stupid.
ZachC1965::maybe, but no way he can be worse than Kobe...
ZachC1965::Rondo might have the balls to tell Kobe to stop chucking up 25-foot fadeaways...that wouldn't fly in LA...
Rambomonster9::Rondo &gt;&gt;&gt; Gasol.  crazy lakers
grapenutz78::lakers going after brandon jennings
grapenutz78::it is a statement! Bucks are saying that he is available for the right price
thegr8jbeezy::I like B Jennings. Seems like TJ Ford would have been that good...
World Champs t y Dirk::is that a statement or question
Cav408::Omg see what happens when you pass the ball to your bigs and trust your players Kobe , you can actually beat decent teams!
sutherlacd27::kobes the player who took the shot to give them the lead....dont forget that
ZachC1965::Yes, and almost made half his shots!! Not bad for a guy who typically goes 8 for 26...
boom.shaka.::Agreed.  The Lakers should try it again when they play a decent team.
thegr8jbeezy::I h8 rapists myself, but I h8 even worse a lying, $lut bucket that wants 2 "get over", after she had just "got on". Anyway, we know the Lakers were Shaq &amp; Kobe, but Shaq was the LEAGUE'S ultimate specimen @ the time, if you want 2 get into it. Remember those elbows in the Finals, Mutumbo? But Shaq would get into foul trouble &amp; couldn't hit free throws. Secret weapon: Kobe, but he wasn't a real secret, winning the dunk contest &amp; jacking clutch shots (some misses) as a Laker rookie. He ain't a rapist; a player? Indeed. Knocked down any hyped up foe in front of him? CHECK! 5 time champ, olympic gold medalist(whatever), but only 1 MVP (should have been his second consecutive, but they felt he deserved a rape charge-character assassination). And 81 FUCCIN pts!!! IN A GAME!! Fuc outta here!! Number 24 has plenty more....
ZachC1965::Kobe's kind of a joke at this point...  Give Luke Walton enough shots he'll have 91 points...
hatenorv::just because someone can shoot 1/2 doesnt mean he can shoot 25-50. A lot of these players who post ridiculous field goal percentages get a lot of tip ins and get dunks when they collapse on someone else. It's a lot harder to create shots for yourself. Not saying kobe should shoot so much, but walton couldnt get 91 points in a season. Bynum posts high field goal percentages and could score more if he was fed in the paint more, but whenever he gets going, teams start doubling him, and he ends up turning the ball over a lot and is not very effective. Bynum can go off for thirty occasionally but at this point, he wont be able to go more than 22ish consistently until he masters passing in the post and making a quality decision quickly
nhcasillas::You should be a gm you dont sound like a complete moron.
Rambomonster9::81 points was 1 game.  they usually dont give the MVP for a guy based on a game, otherwise Dan Marjele (a decent player) would have been an MVP in 88' when he had a 36pts 12 reb 10 ast 5 stl and 2 blk perfomance
hatenorv::kobe was great all season
World Champs t y Dirk::Damn,  they always bring up the 81 pts.  I was there that night.  It still hurts
thegr8jbeezy::ur silly guy, lol
kryptonthreads::that awkward moment when you come back to the board, and there aren't any awkward moment or &gt; Harden comments
ZachC1965::Just ratlle the cage a bit and the Kobe fangirls come running out the shadows to defend him...  Too funny...I'll be back in an hour to make them pee themselves again...
ZachC1965::LBJ is already better than Kobe...  The real problem with Kobe is he sucks outright at crunch time...maybe the worst ever...
chompah99::Does stupid run in your family?
World Champs t y Dirk::Wrong.  I hate Kobe as much as I hate you. Look at the name fool.  I am a Mavs fan, but you cant deny Kobe is a baller.  Lebron is no Kobe, Jordan, Magic, Bird, Duncan or anyone else that says give me the F'n ball and let me win this game.
World Champs t y Dirk::"I am an idiot"  ZachC1965
ZachC1965::I'm reeling...why would you crush my feelings like that..?  Darn, I feel like Kobe after the 6 for 24 night...or after his wife dumped him for being a total jerk...
ZachC1965::14? That's the same age Lebron was when he became a better player than Kobe...too funny...
World Champs t y Dirk::I was joking.  I wish I was a 14 yr old highshool dropout and could play on espn with the grown ups too
Shub2308::Kobe scored 81
ZachC1965::back when he was half-decent...
ZachC1965::"I have as many rings as Kobe, never raped anyone, and actually made some clutch shots here and there. Where's the love?"  Derek Fisher
DodgersWinWS08::So if Kobe is on Shaqs back...then why would he feel weight on his shoulders?
DodgersWinWS08::so youre saying Kobe carried Shaq to all those championships??? which is confusing cause that goes against mostly everything youve said about Kobe
ZachC1965::Yes, have you heard of piggyback moron..?   Jeez, don't ever go into rocket science...
nba is the worst::You are funny - not laugh out loud funny like Anti-Stratfordaria, but still, your obssession IS amusing...
DodgersWinWS08::Well wouldnt Shaq have the weight on his shoulders? Or are you saying Kobe carried Shaq on his back?
ZachC1965::"I thought I felt some weight on my shoulders when I was riding Shaq piggyback!"  - Kobe
World Champs t y Dirk::"Kobe, Thank you for the rings and the ride on your coat tails.  Its been fun"  Thanks,  D. Fisher
DodgersWinWS08::If Kobe Bryant is so overrated then why do you dedicate so much of your time to talking about him?
hatenorv::says the person getting defensive whenever people criticize his comments
ZachC1965::Well I'd stay out of them if you can't take a little criticism. Not everyone loves a rapist.
DodgersWinWS08::Im a laker fan hence why I often chat about them and you are in every Laker chat 24/7
ZachC1965::If you have a life why are you stalking me in sports chat rooms?
