Mike Oxarde::The Suns ought to be embarrassed for putting this worthless no-name team on the floor.  They desperately need new ownership.
ron4317::No name? <u>Dragic</u> is the next Steve Nast didn't you know?
DiPashirairy::Basketball ... yawn, a four foot white kid could play the game, no talent as a prerequisite
Hayward2Favors::Says the talent-less fool posting on an ESPN board.
wassermelone_kittah::HAHAHAHA the dodgers gave 24 million to a pitcher that has one good year under his belt hahah
DiPashirairy::one who folds when the spot light is on, good for reg season playoffs choke choke
The Rock 4.0::dddddas
HtownBlazinn::Harden is lighting it up!
clippers8130::this team has legit chance of getting to finals
Minoli87::Crawford will be 6th man of the year if he continues playing like he has this season
Kingkanyon12::All star if you ask me.
Kobe bricks harder than Melo after a buffet::when i first saw the headline i thought it was talking about Joey Crawford
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::suns  need  to  get  rid of  thir  coach  and  gortat,they  have  some  good  pieces  but  bad rotations,dragic  is  also  not  playing what i expected,but 4 now i'm exiceted 4 clippers next win against the raptors
sportzgenius48::Wish the suns git harden he actually wnated to come here because his mom lives here, and wen tto asu. Imagine how good the suns would be with a startin lineup as, dragic, harden, beasely, gortat,scola. Bench with telfair, brown, dudley, morris and oneal
BoisePanther3489 II::Gortat and Harden would be a nice 1-2, inside-out and vice versa.
Nash_Owns_LA::Good loss Suns, let's close out the year with 61 more in a row for first pick!
rogerzcard::I find it intriguing that Lamar, turiaf, barnes and caron used to be in laker uniform.
Ustna9::And Lamar and Barnes used to be in a Clipper uniform...  Intrigued?
thewolf1616::wesly johnson LOL
run_this_town::SUPERSTAR
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::clippers&gt;raptors 2morrow prediction  106 clips raptors 93
run_this_town::SUNS JUST SIGNED THEMSELVES INTO MEDIOCRITY  SIGNING BEASLEY WORST MOVE EVER
RishmoRacing::Without much talent available in the free agency this summer, I have a feeling that there are going to be a lot more "bad contracts" for middling talent.  There are many teams like the Mavs and Suns to name a few who have the cap space to sign max level talent, but there isn't much max level talent to go around.
Mike Oxarde::Beasley really does suck. He's got mental problems too.  Just a crazy gangbanger masquerading as a professional.  The guy calls himself cool in his own tattoo.  Lame.
minny snowta::as a wolves fan i am glad to see wes johnson gone, hope he does well in phoenix.  all he did was take up space up here in minny.  beasley is a talent but not worth the mental problems and locker room drama.  good luck phoenix!
Tpupnation22::Yeah so glad we got rid of him. Worst team player i have ever seen.
run_this_town::and kobe actually plays defense, until now he slowing down
LobCityCP32BG32::enough defense for $30 mil?
rogerzcard::what about joe johnson or eric gordan, bad contract?
etony331::He can't stay on the court. He's a force of nature when healthy for sure though.
LobCityCP32BG32::at least bynum is a big...so you can understand the thinking there
etony331::The NBA's worst contract is gonna be the max contract Andrew Bynum gets this summer.
run_this_town::he is awful. one of the worst per starters in nba
LobCityCP32BG32::but kobe makes 30 mil and beasley makes 6 mil
etony331::Kobe actually makes a lot of those ill-advised shots though. Beasley doesn't.
LobCityCP32BG32::sounds like kobe
etony331::Here's his problem...he takes WAY too many ill-advised shots, plays defense when he feels like it, and has a terrible attitude.
LobCityCP32BG32::really?...beasley came off the bench today
rogerzcard::amare worst contract ever
etony331::Rashard Lewis?
LobCityCP32BG32::he only makes 6 mil...it's not the worst contract ever or anything like that
7horns7eyes::"Wow, that's a lotta technicals in one game!"  - Rasheed Wallace
run_this_town::WHAT HAPPENED TO THE DRAGIC IN HOUSTON  HE STINKS NOW
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::he blows -derek  fisher
jeendri9139::Dear : management espn  May i know what real time match between la clipper with phoenix sun  Thanks for this attention  Im stay in indonesia  Regards : jeendri
etony331::The game's over.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::to  join  the  clips   1.  rule  is , atleast  know  how  to  dunk -blake  griffin
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::i  know  nash feel  like  $@%!,and  grant  hill  made  the  right  choice  joining  us
LobCityCP32BG32::neither is playing so...hard call
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...but would nash start on the clppers...you'd think nash would want minutes
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::but  one  of  them is   in a  winning team  and  will  get  farther son
Spursdc::The Clippers are officially the best team in LA- long time coming
LobCityCP32BG32::they were last season
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...at least the clippers are entertaining even when they lose..
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::but  they  were  entertaining  even  when  baron  davis  was  in  the  mix and  eric gordon
etony331::Poor Eric Bledsoe. I feel bad for both him and Alec Burks, because they could both start on a number of teams and be very productive.
Spursdc::.
dooder69::Bledsoe needs to work on learning the game and his shooting. Defensively he's a beast. Not sure what kind of starter he would be. Sometimes he is out of control. Sometimes his dribbling is suspect. Got a ways to go IMO
etony331::By the way... Paul's PER: 25.28 Bledsoe's PER: 22.43  Not too far off.  The only PGs in the league with higher PERs than Bledsoe are Paul and Westbrook.
Spursdc::Thats not to say Bledsoe is not good because he is. I think Harden's per was like 30+ pts a game or something
etony331::PER doesn't give enough credit to good defense. John Hollinger has said as much himself. That's why guys like Tony Allen have low PERs despite being very valuable to their teams.
etony331::Sounds like what?
Spursdc::Sounds like Paul should be coming off the bench then. that per stuff is overrated
etony331::He'd lead the league in SPG, and be 18th in the league in BPG (as a PG!)
etony331::He'd be 13th in the league in scoring.
Spursdc::staggering?
etony331::His numbers per 36 minutes are staggering.  19.0 PPG, 5.4 RPG, 5.2 APG, 2.9 SPG, 1.4 BPG
LobCityCP32BG32::but would he not start for teams like the lakers though...with steve nash out
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...teams that need a pg and would start bledsoe aren't very good
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::but  bledsoe  loves  being  with  the  clips,very  humble  guy
Spursdc::and lose a lot of games
etony331::What is Gortat's problem? I'm seriously getting ready to cut him loose in my fantasy leagues...the thing is, I can't even complain and say he deserves more minutes, because he really doesn't.
LobCityCP32BG32::why is he on your fantasy team in the first place?
etony331::Because guys who put up 15 and 10 with 2 blocks, a high FG%, and a decent FT% are generally pretty valuable. That's what I thought I was getting. I guess not.
dooder69::He's a diva for a guy that's not a Superstar.
etony331::I didn't catch the game today...why did he only take 3 shots? That's been happening a lot lately. Is Dragic just not getting him the ball, or is he just not getting himself in a position to score?
airic.ad::Cut him!  The Suns hate him and he hates the Suns.  Not a good combo.  He can be a great player though when he's involved.
etony331::I know he can, and I used like a 4th/5th round pick on him...I just know that he'll turn it on as soon as I do. Hopefully he gets traded soon or something.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::"I wish that the Lakers have Clippers bench."  -Kobe
LobCityCP32BG32::and coach
O.J. Mayo::"Ka-pow!"  -Lakersfresh.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::LA CLIPPERS AND ANGELS &gt; DODGERS AND FAKERS
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::so if clippers dont get cp3  for next year,whre will  he take his talents why would he leave when hes having a blastt with this team
Jthizz69::Ya it would be Horford, so that would be a devastating frontcourt with Horford (shooter who can hit free throws) and Howard. but screw it cuz CP3 is staying!
airic.ad::True, Horford is actually a PF playing the C spot.
EDDIE12LUO::Wouldn't it be joining horford? Since Josh Smith becomes a free agent after this year??
Jthizz69::but you're right, if the Clips keep this up there's no way in hell CP3 would leave.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::like i see  great  chemistry  in  this  team and  their  already  working  on  their  problems,if  he  leaves  i  feel  like  he'll lose  everything  he  worked  hard  4,why  would  u  star  all  over,the  attendance  with  clips games  are  outstanding  compare  to  be 4,not just  cus  im  a  clipper  fan but  it  only  makes  sense  to  stay
LobCityCP32BG32::and they're winning. and he would get the max. I think laker fans are the only ones that think he would leave
LobCityCP32BG32::it makes more sense for him to wait because he could get more money...and clips would have more money to give him at the end of the season
Jthizz69::well this is ESPN speculation from before this season started, when Paul initially declined the contract the Clippers offered. But he just did this to get a max number of years the following offseason.
airic.ad::Atlanta is nothing like LA though... more likely he'll try to convince one of his friends on the East to sign with the Clips.
Jthizz69::Most people are saying Atlanta, that he and Dwight Howard will sign there to join Josh Smith. I don't see this happening because Al Horford signed an extension and has a lot of potential to be a truly great big man in this league.
LobCityCP32BG32::people are really rushing to play for atlanta
ballerbooboo::IT TOOK THE CLIPPERS ONE QUARTER TO COVERED..DAMN YOU SUNS
Jthizz69::it was the Clippers bench that whole quarter too...
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::FK LA LAKERS  TIME FOR LA CLIPPERS
airic.ad::PG: Bledsoe SG: Crawford SF: Barnes PF: Odom C: Turiaf/Hollins  Who thinks this team would actually have a better record than NOH, SAC, and PHO?
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::i do
airic.ad::CP3 could come off the bench :P
airic.ad::Also one of Hollins/Turiaf, and don't forget Willie Green!
airic.ad::How could I forget Grant Hill?  Him too.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::dont forget grant hill and trey thompkins theyll be back soon
Jthizz69::if they had a bench behind them, unfortunately it would just be Trey lol
Kobe just bricked again..... 6-25::<b>Haters' words: "CLIPURZ SUX, NO RINGZZZ"  Haters' thoughts: "Man, I wish <i>I</i> was a Clipper fan :("</b>
Jthizz69::another awesome game for Griffin, he's really picked it up the last 5 or so. should be a sign that his injuries are getting better. I also like how humble he's been in taking a lesser role in the offense
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::agree hes getting better and better hustles alot like the little guy bledsoe
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::the only team that  we have to beat in the playoffs are the spurs,and if we go head to head with gsw,if not we ended up beating ourselves
airic.ad::I'm scared of GSW.  They're playing with a chip on their shoulder right  now.  They've steamrolled some really good teams.
Jthizz69::usually that means they are about to come down to earth once they play more solid teams.
Jthizz69::GS' offensive and defensive efficiency stats don't match their record though. They may be 12-7 but they've only outscored teams by an average of 0.5 points per game.
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::and their not a hundred percent yet,now thats scary and their under the radar so teams are not taking them as serious as they should
airic.ad::Nice to see that Jamal is still proving his case for 6th Man, too.  J.R. Smith has really fizzled out so I'm assuming his biggest competition is Kevin Martin now.
airic.ad::I really hope so!
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::what do u think are the odds that cp3 signs with clips next year? i like him but i like bledsoe even more
JAMAL CRAWDFOR 666::naw jamal will get 6thman of the year,no doubt  about it
Jthizz69::The Clippers still suck! zero championships! - every butthurt troll and lakers' fan on these boards
O.J. Mayo::Where's Lakerfresh.?
The Apologist::Clippers vs OKC will be a wild matchup in the WCF...it will ultimately come down to Durant vs CP3 at the end. can't wait!
airic.ad::Clippers can beat Memphis and OKC IMO.  I'm really just afraid of the Spurs (and to an extent, the GSW).
airic.ad::Wow, Odom is actually averaging 6 PPG, 7 RPG, 2.5 APG, and 0.6 SPG in December.
Mambaholic 33::another Laker victim
airic.ad::Yeah, I'm waiting for his first double-double.  It's coming soon.  8-8-3 is close.
runukraine::I really wish he'd gone 10-10 today...
Eliownsbrady234::The suns are PATHETIC. That 4th quarter showed that they are not only a team full of punks but that they have NO BALLS.
O.J. Mayo::What's with Phoenix and their affection for washed up O'Neal's?
runukraine::Wish Grant Hill had brought that training staff with him
arizonasting13::he's actually been playing well here, thanks to our training staff
LobCityCP32BG32::the suns training staff are highly regarded....steve nash...grant hill
LobCityCP32BG32::they're not payin' him very much...good pick up
airic.ad::more like their dislike for Diva Gortat
Kobe just bricked again..... 6-25::<b>Haters: "GRIPHAN FLOPPS N CRYS TO DA REFZ"  Reality: His drawn foul percentage (12.4%) is lower than that of Kevin Love (17.6%), Tim Duncan (14.0%), Zach Randolph (13.2%), and Chris Bosh (17.1%).</b>
airic.ad::I think Del Negro can actually be a good Erik Spoelstra type coach.  The players seem to like him and value his words.  In terms of actually coaching, Chauncey is the steady one and CP3 is the smart one.
Kingkanyon12::I like Del Negro, but spoelstra is hardly the guy you wan't to be like, plus given CP3 and BG's tweets, they don't like him. Vinny's a solid coach but his downfall will be not dolling out the minutes properly, he's wild with the minutes, you never now when guy's are going to play, and he doesn't run enough sets, but I'm routing for him.
O.J. Mayo::"Maybe 1/2 of 70 wins?"  -Metta World Peace
arizonasting13::we suck
arizonasting13::you guys gotta good team, good luck this year
LobCityCP32BG32::thanks!
arizonasting13::but yes, the lakers suck as well
LobCityCP32BG32::haha...I know...it was a joke...and yes...lakers suck
LobCityCP32BG32::are you talking about the lakers?
arizonasting13::my suns
ctown8686::The SONS SUCK!
Mambaholic 33::Another Clipper win! Another Laker loss! so much for the highest payroll in Basketball
hygtfrdeswygfrd::and thats the beauty of taking first halfs... suns cover the 6.5 in the first half but not the 10.5 for the game...
Kobe just bricked again..... 6-25::<b>Griffin's jump shot: 7.8 PPG, .453 eFG%  Love's jump shot: 6.8 PPG, .331 eFG%  Griffin scores more points at a more efficient clip off jumpers than Love does right now.</b>
runukraine::This year? Or lifetime? Kevin Love has a hand injury, doesn't he?
runukraine::Kobe just bricked again..... 6-25 - And Griffin is playing through an elbow injury and still recovering from tweaking his knee this past summer.  I don't understand why one has to be proclaimed better than the other.  I'd want either one on my team. Fortunately, we have Griffin.
Kobe just bricked again..... 6-25::<b>And Griffin is playing through an elbow injury and still recovering from tweaking his knee this past summer.</b>
LobCityCP32BG32::love just came back from an injury...so let's take it easy
airic.ad::To be fair, Love's hand is still f'ed up and he had a 36 point game yesterday (shooting higher than .500).
Kingkanyon12::I love K-Lo but griffin plays through almost every injury, he's allways banged up, but let's not Overboard, BG better Player than K-Lo but K-Lo's still the better shooter by far.
LobCityCP32BG32::apparently not as messed up as love's hand for love to sit out for that long...again I'm a griffin fan...but just trying to be objective
Kobe just bricked again..... 6-25::<b>So? Griffin's elbow is f'ed up.</b>
Kobe just bricked again..... 6-25::<b>Haters: "ALL GRIPHAN DUZ IZ DUNK"  Reality: 63% of his shots are jumpers.  Only 8% are dunks.  By the way, he scores 7.8 points per game off of jumpers with a .453 eFG%.</b>
LobCityCP32BG32::if he shoots a high %, who cares if his shots are dunks. Who here doesn't like dunks?
Carbon-based::D Jordan sucks
airic.ad::what, is he on your fantasy team?
Jeffrey12233::wat
