KingchristopherII::both of these teams should be in the d-L.
rip322150::could austin daye please get consistent minutes
falseprophet2012::both these teams are poop. well, someone had to win I guess.
KingchristopherII::like the crap your mother ate last night it was nasty like two girls in a cup
sportsfanbp1::Rodney Stuckey and Greg Monroe for Pau Gasol?
mrkennedy23::Jordan, Sheldon, Shawne and Deron Williams.  If they bring back Terrence Williams and start all of these players, you will have the ultimate Williams lineup. Make this happen Avery!!!
CandySparker::Yes D Will, Yes D Will.
joeman1146::t helps more that memo was out. he is garbage. what is the point of having a big man center who doesnt go near the hoop? how can he grab a rebound or get fouled going to the hoop if he spends his time behind the 3 point line? thats his strength you say? look at his stats and tell me that, he is a big man. the nets need him to be a big man. geez
joeman1146::not down low is isnt.
yamkeedude::he's better than Petro
mdtuzo::okur is normally good from the outside, but hes been struggling this season
DaBostonStrangler10::NBA ECF Preview
trademarktaz::NBA ECF Preview 10 years ago
sportsfanbp1::no way.  watch out for Charlotte and Washington...
snowjeezy::d-will starting to heat up this season
mdtuzo::why did we release  larry owens again?
Mets2410::so we could sign keith bogans who can play good perimeter defense and made a nice layup at the end of the game off of a nice pass from deron
mdtuzo::he blows, i dont ever want to see him taking shots. he plays great defense though
heyyy_fonzi::Right now I barely notice the Pistons, if it weren't for Brandon Knight I wouldn't know they existed.
heyyy_fonzi::He needs to go bad, to be honest I change the channel if anyone other than Knight has the ball.
heyyy_fonzi::Yeah he is good too, they are the only two on this team I would keep, maybe Jonas.
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::agree with you both. Hey did you guys see?? Tayshaun actually did something today, scored 9 points above his career average of 12. So now he must be a super super duper superstar since people thought he was a superstar with 12 points per game
travispsixnine::or Monroe
mzmush::diarrhea &gt; pistons
travispsixnine::yep  you can at least get rid of diarrhea
travispsixnine::Pistons are on pace for an 11-55 season
KingchristopherII::lame
M vick8::Thats actually good in my eyes we need the #1 pick to turn our team around and every loss makes us closer to have a better shot at the lottery.
jmprow83::As I write in my blog: A win is a win, and there are some positives to take from this! http://www.jerseyjon.com/2012/02/01/well-theyre-definitely-not-the-worst/
Jimdetroitfan94::wrong.
jmprow83::I also break down what ails the pistons as well. keep reading, I break down almost all the Nets' games. http://www.jerseyjon.com/2012/02/01/well-theyre-definitely-not-the-worst/
NYturkeysandwhich13::write*
travispsixnine::I'll take it  every loss increases the Pistons chances in the lottery
Jimdetroitfan94::I agree. What do think about Prince coming to Detroit travis?
Jimdetroitfan94::See u this weekend lol. Go Blue!
Jimdetroitfan94::Illitch wants the Tigers to win  the world series while he's alive. Nice to have a great owner.
travispsixnine::its certainly a good deal for 5 or 6 years........not sure about 9 though
ksesch313::What im saying
Michigan_Sports68::Yea it wouldn't have counted but still... Good effort... He'll get better... To be honest... Just get rid of Ben Gordon and Charlie V... Trade them for some draft picks or cash... They aren't doing anything right now and I like this lineup better...
ksesch313::We would have to pay teams to take them. No one would give us picks
Jimdetroitfan94::Basketballs for practice?
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::good game Detroit fans
thekola::No lopez NO Brooks No Memo No Marrow No Stevenson  No Problem  nice W Nets!!
joeman1146::it helps more that memo was out. he is garbage. what is the point of having a big man center who doesnt go near the hoop? how can he grab a rebound or get fouled going to the hoop if he spends his time behind the 3 point line? thats his strength you say? look at his stats and tell me that, he is a big man. the nets need him to be a big man. geez
jerry0892::no petro
jerry0892::agreed
thekola::it probably helped that petro was out
Mets2410::nice win Nets great D on that last play. D-Will you are a BEAST
goyanks611::Wouldn't have counted anyway.
drftw42134::It would have not have counted anyways. He shot it too late
carson2164::gg detroit
drewg1984::Good D on last play
DetKoolAid::that was the same play they usually run for daye in the corner but the nets had it covered well
1298ty::I guess this is why we need a scorer..
goyanks611::That one scared me a little Knight. We really needed that game, good game Detroit.
heyyy_fonzi::How did Knight look? His numbers look solid.
drftw42134::wow that was close! Good game pistons
DetKoolAid::almost had it knight
Michigan_Sports68::Man he almost had it too... Aw well...
1298ty::He Missed :O
Michigan_Sports68::Nice shot Knight...
Ryker123::DAMN
Ryker123::KNIGHT KNIGHT
23germany::instead of russell walker they could have given the ball to the janitor for the game winner  or even dumars, which might just be same
drftw42134::Gamblers won. Nets covered the 3 lol
thekola::i think its a push
Traepacolypse::If it was 3 and they got 3 normally that is losing but I'm not sure of the specifics of the 3 of course :p
Ryker123::Give it to Knight! He was clutch at Kentucky
1298ty::We got this..
Jimdetroitfan94::Throw a bomb in and force ot.
Michigan_Sports68::Not over yet... we still have a 1/1000000000 chance
goyanks611::Wow, he short armed that terribly.
Traepacolypse::We needed a Rasheed Wallace Denver miracle right there
thekola::damn they had a 20
DetKoolAid::well tay was hitting that all game, cant be mad at it but i just knew the kick out to knight was coming
goyanks611::Phew that was tough at the end, good game Detroit.
drftw42134::Wow gaines
thekola::detroit out of time outs
drftw42134::That was a nail bighter for sure!
Michigan_Sports68::HAHA nice FT
Jimdetroitfan94::Use the glass Tay!
