CosmoKramer1444::As a Celtics fan, I really wan't Davis,Gilchrist or Robinson in this draft. If we aren't that bad trade up.
Jthizz69::in better news, Bradley got the start, and from the looks of it played pretty well! Hardly any assists but 50+% shooting, 3 steals, and minimal mistakes. This was a good step forward for the C's
DeezBrown::Good thing for Celtics fans is your GM isnt scared to shipped fools up out. Other GMs are acting scared or they are on the owners son's leash (lakers). Ainge has publicly stated if this team doesnt improve he will blow it up. Right on Danny right on!
ULTIMATETRUTH::Celts are awful.  Time to trade away the team and start rebuilding.
Jthizz69::no Rondo in this game, they wouldve won it with him np.
pcappitelli::A.) you don;t know that, Celts are bad with or without Rondo. B.) Winning a game against Phoenix (which they didn't) would do nothing for this team this year.    It would be easy just laughing at how far the original big three has fallen, but only if they keep the geriatric trio together
jsmvs::i think doc rivers have been riding kg, pp, ra, rj too long... he is getting too old and is already  obsolete... he neets to to be retired
green solution::And let's not forget ole JO. It's like they're wearing concrete shoes. But Doc thinks they're the ones to have in there. With all of his assistants and stat guys, he cannot even understand that the four old guys are giving up more points and rebounds than they're getting or making. Doc is not creative and has lost his courage. Really lost it.
mrm87::The C's don't give a damn.  I feel bad for Ray Allen and Rajon Rondo.  They deserve to be on winning teams.  I could care less about the selfish prima-donnas in PP and KG.
MarsRover20::Celtics don't even look like they're trying anymore this year
jsmvs::it is a coaching issue............ at least for this year
jsmvs::it seems doc rivers is not trying..........
green solution::Exactly. Doc isn't trying. He's tied up, here and not thinking and not being innovative and creative with personnel. He's playing the old four because they're his buddies and the brand names sell tickets. Grow some, Doc.
Chicago Phoenix::they probably would have lost with rondo anyway.
pcappitelli::No, he is correct.  You are just a blind idiot.
CosmoKramer1444::You are stupid.
mark35345::Getting beat by a weak Suns team at home: my condolences to the Celtics
timechange064::Dudes are old. May be time to start over but no one's available. Doesn't look good for the Celts.
bahkey::Trade Allen to Lakers for World Peace and Eubanks
Madhouse_United::Allen still has value.
Sean Cray::Trade the big 3!
Dave5227::Breaking news. Celtics file lawsuit against Kevin Garnett for falsely representing himself as an NBA basketball player...The Celtics will be submitting evidence that he cannot jump, cannot score, cannot play D, doesn't rebound is routinely outplayed by inferior players..Key pieces of evidence will include being out-rebounded by Pau Gasol in the 2010 NBA finals game 7 by an 18 to 3 margin and going 1-10 from the field in Game 4 vs. the Heat last year in an important game 4 playoff game when Rajon Rondo was playing with one arm. The Celtics are seeking 21 million dollars.....
JOE CARLS::Im a Suns fans but it still appears Phoenix, Boston ,and New York will be fighting till the end of the year to see who gets the better lottery pick in the draft!!! All 3 are terrible this year and 500 and up teams beat the crap outta all 3 , Bring on the draft lol
JOE CARLS::but sadly the east is worse than the west so either Boston or New York will probably make it into the playoffs with a 500 or worse record
nba is the worst::Wow - the Suns win a 79-71 game in Boston?  What is the NBA coming to?
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::It's called the 90s.
Merriweather Brown::The Celtics should just bite the bullet this year as the season is spoiled by the labor dispute anyway.   Garnett $20 mio Allen $10 mio &amp; O'Neal $6.225 mio have expiring contracts this season.  That will free up $31 mio plus to sign young talent for next season.
flybye23::you know what they say about karma right ?
ThreesPlz::Gortat Hall of Fame??? LOL. LOL. LOL.  Preety sure Doc meant All Star Ballot. Who the hell writes these?
381whyman::Every dog has his day.... last night was Gortat's day
milw-jay::Wow.  Boston sux more  than anyone imagined they would sux.
381whyman::The day Kendrick was traded this team was finished. You can talk about stats and numbers all day and all night,but the C's lost their heart and soul when Perk was traded.
Merriweather Brown::Greg Kite had wins &amp; rings with the Celts too.
Merriweather Brown::Greg Kite has wins &amp; rings &amp; he stunk like Perk.
milw-jay::I ONLY talk about stats and numbers .  "perk"  career    6 pts   6 boards and 1 block a game.  He wasnt worth the money he was asking for, so Ainge showed him the door as he should have.    The Celts are losing cause KG, Pierce and Allen are a combined 150 years old basically.
green solution::Add JO to make it 250 years old. Totally agree. Doc plays the wrong people.
381whyman::wins and rings...... not stats and numbers.....ask Iverson to show his championship ring???  And he was a great player
mdolphins004::what i THINK he means is that once kendrick got traded, the rest of their championship team besides the big 3 and rondo were shipped off to other teams, therefore taking the heart and soul from that championship squad
hitterquiter::Perk the heart and soul of Boston? Not at all. Maybe the true muscle of the team but Paul has always been the heart and soul of Boston and every real Celtic fan will agree.
Merriweather Brown::When a player has no skills, a fan has to look for cliches to inflate a players value.  Heart &amp; soul is one of them. You forgot about intangibles &amp; good in the locker room.
zachrlee::Among the Big Three, keep Pierce and Allen. Trade KG, Jeff Green, Jermain O'Neal, Dooling, and Marquis Daniels for Dwight Howard.
greg94327::Unless the Magic GM is autistic that wouldnt go through. And also, Jeff Green isnt even on the team moron.
EnricoMeli::Fire Danny Ainge ...
EnricoMeli::I think the Celtics need Tim TeBow ... they truly need a savior. This is seriously embarassing
Ice4588::I don't think Jesus himself could save this Celtics team. That is, unless Jesus can rebound and play tough interior defense, then we might be onto something
MarcusXP50::What is wrong with the Celtics?
green solution::They are the oldest, slowest team in the league - especially in the front court. Play JJ and Steimsa all the time, even if they are projects. Just play them, Doc.
Ice4588::They are old, that's what's wrong with them. Pierce, Allen, and Garnett are all good players, but their skills have been deteriorating for a while now. If the Big 3 were each 5 years younger, the C's would be the top team in the league. But alas, they are not 5 years younger, in fact, they look like the oldest, slowest team in the league. It's time for Danny boy to start shopping around.
J-SMOOVE2019::Bostons bench is pathetic.
green solution::Doc has never known how to use his benches intelligently.
Ice4588::Besides, Boston's bench would be much better if Jeff Green wasn't out for the season
hitterquiter::He would have been a Celtic had his health been better. You know what he's saying stop trying to throw meaningless insults.
greg94327::Jeff Green isnt a Celtic, how are Celtic "fans" this stupid?
Ice4588::Not as pathetic as the Lakers' bench. I mean, c'mon: Andrew Goudelock? Devin Ebanks? Troy Murphy? Steve Blake? Josh freakin' McRoberts? Yeah, Boston's bench sucks, but L.A.'s bench is FAR worse.
J-SMOOVE2019::Boston is OLD!!!
J-SMOOVE2019::Boston is dead.
MarcusXP50::KG sucks
ZonaAllTheWay25::Boston sends Ray Allen to the Clippers Clippers sends Mo Williams to Boston. Milwaukee sends Stephen Jackson to Minnesota, Minnesota sends Michael Beasley to Milwaukee and Anthony Randolph to Boston. http://nyfwc.com/?p=3387
Dickens Cider 101::knicks &gt; boston
Flop City::Celtics are gonna have a garage sale pretty soon.
JDaGucciLikesRudness::hopefully sooner than later this team is a joke
UK_Basketball_for_life::Right after the Lakers sale.
Flop City::Boston Sucks! LMAO!
JDaGucciLikesRudness::yes we we are a joke danny boy needs to get at least .70 cents on a dollar for the truth or allen
rr21793::79-71. high school game scoring here.
UK_Basketball_for_life::PP for Salmons and Thompson.
Ice4588::Good points, but I just don't see that trade making THAT much of an impact for either team. You're absolutely right about the C's needing another big (b/c O'neal is crap and Stiemsma is a D-Leaguer) but I'm just not sold on Thompson being able to anchor the back end of the C's defense, because let's face it, nobody's ever mistaken Jason Thompson for Dikembe Mutumbo. He's a below-average defender on a terrible defensive team. As for Salmons, yes, he would bring defense and scoring, but what's the point of trading for a guy that's only 2 years younger than Pierce? I could understand if the C's wanted to trade Pierce for a young guy, (25 or 26 years old) but trading your best player for a similarly-skilled, similar-age player just makes no sense. I think that if the guy you're trading for is not young, then there's no point in shipping out PP. You make a very convincing argument, though.
UK_Basketball_for_life::Thompson has three years in the league and was passed up on PT by a coach who clearly had no idea how to handle young talent: I could envision him playing better offense than KP and better defense than JO.   I take the trade because of the 2 for 1 and I don't know how much people are going to be willing to pay for PP: Salmons has less minutes on his body and Thompson has the potential to fill the biggest gap for the C's.  Either way, I understand your resistance since both players have looked poor on the stat sheets.
Ice4588::What does this trade accomplish? Salmons is 32 and plays the same position as Pierce and Thompson is nothing more than a benchwarmer. This helps neither team
UK_Basketball_for_life::Really? Salmons is a nice defender with the potential to be a decent scorer with the proper PG. Thompson has never been able to play to show his full potential and the C's need to gamble on someone in the middle: JO isn't cutting it.  PP brings a solid veteran presence to a team full of immature players.  Upside for both teams here.
hapatino::Bye Bye Celtics. Looks like they wont even make the playoffs.
JDaGucciLikesRudness::no s.hit kid
VoteVladphillyboy::celtics should of never gotten rid of perk
Sexy Rexy 20::They should try for the lottery the draft class is loaded this year
Rgow87::Your an idiot.You just realised how dumb you are by saying ainge had to trade perk, and then try to say reload in teh draft class this year when u realised how dumb your statement was. When Ainge traded Perkins like other said teams identity was lost and we got nothing from it, get a clue learn sports can't stand $@%!$ like you who defend that trade.
VoteVladphillyboy::the chemistry was killed and its led to the downfall of the celtics
Ice4588::Bingo. When Perk left, the Celtics lost their identity. Pierce may be the captain, and Garnett may be the emotional leader, but Perkins was the heart and soul of the C's. Since he left, the Celtics just haven't been the same.
Sexy Rexy 20::You don't overpay your role players, doesn't make sense and you couldn't sign your future stars. Ainge knew he had to trade Perk.
Ice4588::I don't think signing future stars is that big of an issue. The Celtics are built to win now, and all of their best players are old, which means they'll all be retiring in a few years and their contracts will come off the books, leaving them with enough money to sign pretty much anyone. I still think it was a BAD move to trade Perkins away.
Bleedzorange1977::He is more than a role player...and his physical play in the post is noticeably missing.
J-tothe-K::The Celtics are done. Ainge knows it's time to blow it up. Ray Allen for Danny Granger, best possible trade. http://nyfwc.com/?p=3387
Bleedzorange1977::why would the Pacers want an aging star to go with their young core?
supreme91::who playing worst knicks or celtics???
Ice4588::Knicks by FAR. They're supposed to be such a great offensive team, yet they're 18th in the league in PPG! And they're supposed to be a "championship contender?" Please. They've got a 6-9 record, they play no defense, they play average offense, and their two best players don't mesh together. The Celtics are good, they're just old as the hills. The Knicks are a train wreck
2524thomas::No the Celtics aren't good..the actually s.u.c.k big time..
eternalCatFan89::knicks
Luclongley_MVP::KG = The Crypt Keeper
mbatkiew::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=87x26r2   Anderson, Reddick, Nelson, Duhon, Turk and two first rounders to the Celtics for Rondo, Allen, and Pierce.  Anderson, Reddick, Nelson, and two first-rounders make it worth it for the Celtics and Dwight stays in Orlando if Rondo, Pierce, and Allen arrive.
Orange n Blue-Green n Red::did this guy eat paint chips as a kid?
VoteVladphillyboy::Stern would veto it anyway
Ice4588::AND it would also leave the Magic w/ a starting lineup of: PG-Rondo SG-Allen SF-Pierce PF-Davis C-Howard. That's a championship-caliber team. Why would the Celtics give up their best players and help Orlando built a Finals-caliber team, while getting nothing good in return? This trade makes NO sense for the C's, but the Magic would take it in a heartbeat
Ice4588::No way in hell. That would leave the Celtics with a starting lineup of: PG-Nelson SG-Reddick SF-Turk PF-Garnett C-O'neal. That team would be WORSE than what they have now! Also, I can't see the C's trading away Rondo b/c he's their best building block for the future.
CosmoKramer1444::Wow That may be the single worst trade I've seen on here. Sorry man but teams don't rebuild by trading their best players for 4 bad contracts and one good young player.
mbatkiew::I'm a Bulls fan, but I have so much more respect for the Celtics than the Knicks. I hope you guys make the playoffs (as the 7th or 8th seed -- probably 7th so you don't have to play the 1st seed Bulls and we can meet in the ECF) and the Knicks don't.
darealtexasboi::agreed no way the celtics make it to the ECF
hapatino::"meet in the ECF" ROFL..... First, the C's look like they wont make the playoffs Two, Miami will be there.
2broke62::why oh why arent the celtics calling allen iverson to come off their bench as 6th man and instant and consistant scorer ??????
2002osu machine::who is the first member of the big 3 to get traded?
tbomber2::kg
tbomber2::im a bulls fan but i gotta say its sad to see the team deteriorate so quickly.  i thought they should have dismantled last year, because now it could be too late to get equal value
2002osu machine::i tend to think kg too
hulKKNUPE::Send KG to Orlando. Release him &amp; they'll sign him. They need a back up center.
CandySparker::Go! Go! Gortat!
hulKKNUPE::Gortat is an accident in disguise. keep watching the guy play &amp; you'll see. He gives up just as many dunks &amp; rebounds as he earns. TRUST ME! Just watch him.
hulKKNUPE::If the Celtics sig David West they wouldn't be struggling like this. Also, Celtic fans PLEASE get over Kendrick Perkins. He wasn't that hot. He's in OKC &amp; isn't doing much of anything but guarding the other teams big man. He's not a scorer or a rebounder. He's a take up space, Dwight stopper &amp; a great man defender. Plus you had to let Perk go sign a big name this coming summer. Ya'll panicking. Just wait til this summer free agency.
2002osu machine::it is probably time to break up the big 3
portlandjon::Can KG dunk?  Rondo is trying to do too much. Pierce got old quick. Ray Allen...love the guy, but he has to go. Who's the center?  Where's the post presence? What the hell is this Franchise doing? GO Celtics?
green solution::Everyone seems to be supporting giving plenty of minutes to the old guys. I don't get it.
hulKKNUPE::Celtic fans still happy with Brandon Bass?
Chester Willingham::R.I.P. Big 3
Luclongley_MVP::Two years ago.
