Josh Schwartz::Well, that's all she wrote. A good, solid beating by a great team over an overrated team. Good, solid effort by the Rockets tonight. Harden, Howard and Jones all played great. Love it! Hopefully this will put the Rockets back on track after those disgraceful losses to Phoenix and Utah. Great job, Houston!  Oh, and Willie Ortiz? You were right! The Warriors outscored Houston by two points in the second half! WOW, what a comeback! I guess you showed me!
John Perla::So let me get this straight..you're happy that your team beat an overrated team, but the Rockets aren't overrated even though they had two disgraceful losses to Phoenix and Utah?  Just want clarification because that all sounds very funny.
James Warner::Hey John....go check out the Heat's past 2 losses, then look how their last 2 seasons ended...and then tell me the heat are 'overrated' , good teams fall asleep to sub-par teams sometimes, just happens.
Chad Wiggins::John Perla montana minds.... don't try to follow... they like turning sports forums into literature critiquing forums...
Jim David::Those Rockets are horrid. Warriors win 113-96.
Matt Pilkington::You need to stop Jim David ... If that is your real name.  You troll these boards all day long
Jim David::Matt Pilkington You mad?
Joshua Sotello::Yeah the opposite of that is guna happen
Sammy Bissett::It's the annual Mark Jackson butthurt coaching style vs. the Rockets.
David Morant::Once again proves how valuable Parsons is ... Just being on the court makes a helluva difference ...  He had a crappy game and we still blew them out.  And how about Garcia and his blocks this year ... he got 4.more tonight!  Glad to see Harden shut up the bashers too.  Nice game foe all!
Jeremy Gingrich::Much respect to Harden for playing really good defense tonight. I watched every single one of his defensive possessions and he was playing really good defense the whole night
Phil Metalhed::I guess miracles do happen then, lol. ^^
Jason Vu::he did have a couple of slip ups, but you're right, his defense was pretty much superb.
Leland Wong::Seven times he left his man wide opened.
Patrick Law::#18 Pk T Jones  31min, 7-12 3ste 10reb 3 Blk 16pts  #7 Pk MJ Barnes 36 min, 5-16 4ste 7reb   1 blk 14pts  GSW fans, once again, T Jones is better than your MJ Barnes.
Jason Vu::Rockets feasting on defense tonight. Bev made it very difficult for Curry tonight.
Bruce S Hirsch::curry had his season average--bev had no assists in over 30 minutes
Leland Wong::Bruce S Hirsch I think Bev did his job, he copntained Curry and made him into a high volume shooter.
Aaron Bray::Houston should have done to Utah what Portland is doing to them right now
Jeremy Gingrich::we still beat Portland last time so its cool
Josh Schwartz::Figures. With Parsons out, the Rockets lose two games they should NOT have lost against the awful Jazz and the mediocre Suns. With Parsons back, they're crushing a good team from the West. Typical.
Ako Si Ulysses::Typical What?
Ryan Glidewell::Ako Si Ulysses Typical of how this season has gone. Parsons presence on the court is a deal breaker for the Rockets.
Scott Cluthe::Ryan Glidewell  um Ryan pretty sure you mean Parsons is a Deal Maker for the Rockets..and he is all that . His being out for two games was the Deal Breaker..that's how important he is to us.
Sammy Bissett::So ummmm...anyone who thinks Parsons is overrated should take a few notes. I know GS isn't playing well but the difference is night and day when he's on or off the court.
Christopher Couser Dc::Really like his game.
Derek Hansen::warriors need to stop getting themselves in these holes every game. Warriors need to step up if they're serious about being contenders
Josh Schwartz::Hey, Willie Ortiz? Where are you? I'm waiting for you to come and "tell me so" about the Warriors' amazing second-half comeback!
Sammy Bissett::Jim David deserves a shout out to. Called the Rockets horrid than called a 113- 96 Warriors victory.
Josh Schwartz::Oh, you're right! I forgot about that fool. The Warriors aren't even going to score 90, let alone 100! Plus, the Rockets are about to surpass that predicted 96 points. Ah, the delusional factor of some trolls, I swear. Isn't ignorance bliss?
Leland Wong::McHale using JH as both a PG and a SG is a joke too much offensive responsibilities and resulting in no defense. Very few ppl can succeed in that LBJ is one but it has taken a toll, he has injured his lower back.
Jeremy Gingrich::Harden played really good defense this game that's why Klay Thompson played terrible. Shut up and actually watch the game and stop generalizing
Leland Wong::Jeremy Gingrich The Rox played well tonight, JH did not played good defense , I watchwed the whole game. JH guarded both H. Narnes and Klay and they had a lot of opened looks but they were not falling that's all. But overall JH played a great game, he really hustle on offense, "D", he still have some work to do.
Jeremy Gingrich::no he did play good defense tonight. I get that you generalize that Harden is not a good defensive player and want to assume that he never plays good defense. However, he can be very good on defense when he wants to be. I played college basketball and I know what good defense is. Harden wasn't allowing his man to get by him tonight like he usually does and also played very good on-the-ball defense tonight despite people like you who love to generalize might think
Bobby Bogart::after just 20 games rockets look great plus they might be able to get a good player out of the asik trade.
David Aulds::Like I said before, we own Golden State!!!!
Wild Silverback::Over 212 is easy cash.. Just a pure shootout here.  $$$$$
Joshua Sotello::1st half over is safer no fouls no 1 sitting out and both teams got 5 guys out so yeah
Vladimir Tsalyuk::AHAHAHAHAHA.. you shoulda bought 25 points for that AHAHAHAHAHA
Scott Cluthe::easy money...lololoollollll
Phil Metalhed::Golden gate gays suk bals, lol.
Josh Schwartz::Really? They're going to start fouling Howard? Very cheap and pitiful. Even if it DOES work, it's a classless way to play, and any coach who orders his players to do that should be fired. Disgraceful.
Kevin Moore::That is crazy dude. Free Throws are as much a part of the game as 3 pointers. If you can't make them, you become a liability to your team.
Christopher Couser Dc::Classless...lmao...all he has to do is prove he can make his foul shots..its called stratagy..sometimes it works..sometimes it doesn't.
Brooks Valls::Chandler Parsons returns, the Rockets win.  They looked horrible with him out against Utah and Phoenix.  He's the glue.
Leland Wong::Yes truly agreed, with Chandler there the "D" is better and the other players get better looks. JH had a truly good day, CP25 took a lot of pressure off of him. When JL comes back they will have more depth.
Denzel Boksingero::Maybe, but shooting 3-11 undermines that argument. Harden was not much of a ballhog, Howard and Jones were playing so well in this game. And in addition, the Warriors were all playing like crap.
Leland Wong::Denzel Boksingero DB you are right but the Rox defense sans Harden was great.
Wild Silverback::OVER !! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Joshua Sotello::Under
Gale Sindico::hope u didn't bet any money.  If u did, u lost.
Joshua Sotello::Just put d on curry and rockets win and it goes under 214
Chad Wiggins::warriors are extremely soft with out iggy
Wild Silverback::Warriors got paid today... Rigged.
Steven Anacker::ie. My team lost today. Rigged.
James Garcia::Rockets own GSW souls.
Einan Lom::Both teams coming in pretty well rested for the game of the day. Lee will have a big one
