bonnakid8::i was at this game
walsh4president::Rondo is amazing! He is able to let all the celtics fans on here let them suck his C0ck all from different locations!  Calm down guys, this was against Toronto and even Chris duhon recorded a 22ast game once. Rondo is awesome but Boston is kinda not doing too well so far
Tatter92::Have you watched any games yet? It's not about Boston being amazing or not, we're just excited they're improving like we thought they would since the terrible start to the season. Beating teams that you're supposed to beat is one step to becoming a contender, and we definitely should be beating the Raptors by double digits.
seansean145::Rondo had more assist in one game, than Kobe has had in his entire career.
PatsStillGot3::kobe da best PG in da league doe
numberounofightingirish::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching the words Online Betting System.
Ray Allen GOAT 3::Great game Rondo. Good thing they made their baskets lol.    - Heat fan
Jimmy30313::I think a heat fan would be more like: "What's an assist?"
36brandon8282::Rajon Rondo Career High 24 assists  mix   vs  Knicks    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWvZlnhae3k Kaluroso a  troll  the Knicks  have the oldest roster  in the NBA  in 2012  lmao !!!!
Shaun0088::Heres the hightlights of his usual day at the office  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GYlDcGweRk&amp;feature=g-user-u
Shaun0088::If I could pickup half of the dimes that Rondo drops i'd be rich.
seansean145::you would have only had a dollar last game lol.
oblique15::oh shut up lol
Rajondilicious::MVP
Fear the Gr0nk::The most impressive thing about Rondo's 20 assists was he only played 32 minutes.
Kaluroso::Knicks &gt; old celtics. DEAL WITH IT BOSTONIANS!
Redmoss81::Shaun I would read your comment and respect your opinion but I can't take you seriously when you say "their are"... At least spell check before you post a comment.
Shaun0088::A grammar $@%! are you?Well I dont really care about grammar its the interweb who cares.
I3UTTON::Pierce, Garnett and Terry are the only "older" guys in the Celtics' regular 10 man rotation. everyone else is under 30, with the exception of Wilcox whose right at 30. The Knicks have J Kidd, Rasheed Wallace, Kurt Thomas, and Marcus Camby. That's a pretty old squad if you ask me.
Shaun0088::You do realize their are only 5 players on the entire Celtics roster 30 or older right?Atleast look before you call a team old.While the Knicks have 8 players 30 or older one of them being 40.
carlmatrix::what the?? 20 assists?? kinda happy for celts.. when you point like this in your team, your players are going to on fire..
ricky2213::as an OSU fan im glad to see Sullinger had a good game..How are you Boston fans liking him so far?
Excelscior1::@Ricky  Very solid player, even as a rookie. He's a above avg rebounder. Sweet shooter when Open. Needs to get more crafty down low against taller players or pick and pop more. Has good basketball sense/IQ. Defense is not good at all. But he's a rookie. He can certainly help the team (and has), as one of the first two bigs off the bench or an occasional starter.
Fear the Gr0nk::Solid pick so far.  Good rebounder, good low post moves and pretty good range.   Needs to work on his defense, but so far so good.
PatsStillGot3::he's a rookie going against bigger nba players so I'll give him a little while to get adjs=usted, but he seems like he gets better every game
SteelerCeltic::He needs to be more aggressive offensively, but not bad so far
Kaluroso::He sucks..see you came out of the woodwork since he had a few points.
Excelscior1::@Kaluroso  When else is he supposed to come out the woodwork, when he's 0-12 with 3 rebounds and 8 turnovers? Lol
Ray Allen GOAT 3::way to be a moron
13Datty40Zetty::pretty solid especially for a rookie but would like to see more double digit board games sense we desperately need rebounders
sniper13xxx::"Rondo only grabbed 2 rebounds?  He sucks!!!"  -Typical Lebald fan
Ray Allen GOAT 3::glad your always thinking of us :)
bamberg1977::There's a difference between bad and being hopelessly bad. Pistons fans in a much different position than Toronto, Phoenix, Orlando, Washington, even Cleveland, Philly, Kings and Golden State to some extent. These teams have limited futures. Pistons have a C, PF, and PG who are all going to be all-star caliber or better one day. SG's and SF's are easiest to find. Come here Shabazz. We are the future!
boston8443::rondo doesnt know how to have a single digit assist game
Legends Are Born.::Miami Heat vs Phoenix Suns game is tied at 52-52. Come on Suns! Win the game!
Ray Allen GOAT 3::the last 2 years hurt huh?
YouGottaBeShttnme 75.55::Rondo is the only guy in the league who can score only 6 points and grab 2 rebounds and still dominate the game... Unreal
Redmoss81::sotapopinski youre an idiot.... hes saying rondos the only one who can do that.... you are an embarrassment to society
bamberg1977::Yeah, the new Ben Wallace.   2002-05 he literally took over games, especially down the stretch. He was seemingly everywhere and the other team just couldnt score, he had a Superstar impact.   Both he and rondo had amazing hands and long arms. Only similarity.
Shaun0088::I've been telling people that for a while now.
sotapopinski::dude anyone would dominate a game with 20 assists..why would you leave that out of the stat line?
thomascedill::Rondo leading the way for The Celtics in MVP like fashion... Keep it up dude! 20 assists is no joke.
DIESAL05::if we can keep getting 41 and 20 off the bench we will be fine
.BeLikeaMoron-1918::celtics suck
Legends Are Born.::Please explain. We are 6-4. We beat the Bulls, Bucks, Jazz. All of them are playoff contenders.
watchthisvideo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9bWzb8Cpw
Dino__Spumoni::Nice Celtics
Jamante23::Rondo is the truth!! My boi boi be goin ham doe!!
Paul Pierce is the TRUTH::Paul Pierce is the truth
Dino__Spumoni::YA  20 ASSISTS STR8 UP KILLING THE RAPTOPS
Nebula29x::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjKyHHhPej8
Nebula29x::This is like Pierce's reaction when he found out there would be no more Twinkies
Nebula29x::Yea but hes no longer here
_I Am A Celtic_::More like Glen Davis'
_I Am A Celtic_::holy crap hahahaha.  I've never seen that
dichdastardly::Ok.. back to work for a while... time to make the donuts PEACE out bro's
Shaun0088::I highly doubt that.
Shaun0088::Donuts are awesome especially fried!
bwp2bruce::Felton probably knows more about donuts than you do.
Nebula29x::Calderon after facing Rondo  http://judasvanderberg.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/cat-giving-up.jpeg
_I Am A Celtic_::I posted this earlier, c'mon
Nebula29x::Yea i remember that one..i like them all
_I Am A Celtic_::I'm not familiar.  You remember that video that JD posted where the cat was standing on a couch or something and someone photoshopped pirate clothes on him?!?  That was freaking hilarious
Nebula29x::The laughing cat is the best, or maybe dramatic cat
_I Am A Celtic_::Wtf?  That's like my favorite picture, ever
Nebula29x::You have no business posting cat related links
dichdastardly::FIELD GOAL % 	FG%  1. DeAndre Jordan, LAC	.714 2. Larry Sanders, MIL	.652 3. Brandan Wright, DAL	.644 4. Tyson Chandler, NY	.619 5. Dwight Howard, LAL	.608  THIS IS A USELESS STAT,... these guys are all lousy offensive players
Dino__Spumoni::You j ust realized FG%  is a function of the shots you take???
dichdastardly::who.. Sanders and Wright?????.. c'mon Man
_I Am A Celtic_::You're right, those two we can do without. I mean Jason Collins and Darko are killin' it
dichdastardly::who are those bums anyway... i mean REALLY.. a waste of ink
Shaun0088::Since when did Howard and Chandler become bums?
Nebula29x::B.Wright is a beast
_I Am A Celtic_::I'd take them on the C's
Shaun0088::Jordan,Chandler and Howard play under the rim also.(I'm not sure and dont even wanna look a Sanders and Wright.
Nebula29x::All players who get those points at the rim.
_I Am A Celtic_::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km_cS2tWctg
JeremyLin10timeAllStar::Hahahahahaha Knicks sucks!!
Sportsfan61679::14 more years averaging 14.7 apg will get record in assist, does he have a chance?
dichdastardly::lets just concentrate on NOW... Banner 18 shall we
dichdastardly::What i'm saying is ... now i don't know what i'm freaking saying anymore... To me rondo doesn't have a dependable jumpshot... or a move that sets up his outside shot.. but the stats are saying he does... WTF... -waves white flag-
Shaun0088::I hope teams continue to sag off of him that makes things SO EASY for him.No defensive pressure on a very skilled passer with some great vision I'll take that all day long.
Nebula29x::He does. A lot of folks just repeat what they hear others say and dont really bother to check the actual numbers.
Nebula29x::The stereotypes kind of distort our perception sometimes.
dichdastardly::Yeah.. and I thought i was watching the games... now i wonder if its all a dream... and if my life is even real... i need a drink.... lol
watchthisvideo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9bWzb8Cpw
dichdastardly::GET A FREAKING LIFE
Shaun0088::He's shooting  50.0% from 10-15 feet this season and 49.0% from 16-23 feet.Move along with this he cant shoot stuff.  http://www.hoopdata.com/player.aspx?name=Rajon%20Rondo
Shaun0088::Yeah like I've been saying over and over too he's never been a "shooter" people blow this whole "he cant shoot" thing way out of proportion.
Nebula29x::Exactly. Its nothing new either. His jumper was above avg. last season and money in the playoffs.
dichdastardly::ASSISTS 1. Rajon Rondo, BOS	12.6 2. Chris Paul, LAC	10.3 3. Greivis Vasquez, NO	8.6 4. Jrue Holiday, PHI	8.6 5. Russell Westbrook, OKC	8.5
Nebula29x::Rondo went over 13 a game after today
Shaun0088::Westbrick is passing?
Nebula29x::Rondo avg. 17/12/7/ 2 in the playoffs.  Thats near a triple double...saying Rondo had "one good game" seriously makes me think you really didnt watch the playoffs.
dichdastardly::Well..OK... i was drunk most of the time.. but i watched
dichdastardly::Rondo is never going to be Paul shooting wise.. and doesn't have to be... but he SHOULD practice on drawing fouls and having a go to move to set up an outside shot... The day is coming when HE will have to be the closer
Nebula29x::This season from mid range:   Rondo 50% Paul 50%  Rondo is taking more than Paul also.
dichdastardly::Is it me... or does Courtney Lee have a boulder for a head... especially in relation to his body????
bwp2bruce::It's not nice to talk about people when they are not present to punch you in the face. lol
dichdastardly::Courtney looks pretty tough... that's why i'm saying it behind his back
Nebula29x::This season so far its about how it should be:  Pierce 15FGA Rondo 12FGA Garnett 12FGA  No chuckers here, dont want em
dichdastardly::Hmmm... how many FGA a game for Kobe ballhawg.. or freaking DWill...another chuckker of the worse kind
Nebula29x::Paul is pretty efficient. He takes about the same amount of shots as Rondo, he just gets far more calls than Rondo and gets a few more points a game at the stripe.
Nebula29x::however, if fatboy decided to give 3 or 4 of his shots to Rondo i wouldnt mind
_I Am A Celtic_::Thou shall not speak of our leader is such a manner
Jubin3567::It's like God took any scoring ability Rajon had and stacked it onto his passing skills
Legends Are Born.::I really think Rajon Rondo can be MVP.
Nebula29x::Im pretty sure Rondo was the second leading scorer for Boston in the playoffs last year. He shoots plenty. There are only so many shots available for a team that plays at the pace Boston does.
dichdastardly::Yeah... he was the 2nd leading scorer.. and i know i'm beating a dead horse in the noggin with a 66oz baseball bat.. BUT.. he has to develop an outside shot for the crucial moments of the game because they ARE going to sag off him... its his chance to NAIL the other team in the skull
dichdastardly::Yeah.. i watch the playoff last year... from Japan using slingblade... so don't question my FANHOOD...  Rondo had one good game.. the 2nd.. then faded.... then again Judas Shuttlesworth stabbed the whole team in the back...and it went 7 games.. why do you want to bring up bad memories anyway...
Nebula29x::Or better yet, read the article about Rivers discussing how teams are no longer going under the screen on Rondo
Nebula29x::Once again, did you watch the playoffs last season?
_I Am A Celtic_::You don't have to be pretty sure,  You could just look it up
_I Am A Celtic_::As it does you,
Nebula29x::sarcasm continually evades you
Shaun0088::He steps up bigtime in the playoffs also.
Orckrast::http://www.plndr.com/plndr/MembersOnly/login.aspx?r=5936672     Click the above URL to join a wholesale streetwear store! helps me out too :D
watchthisvideo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9bWzb8Cpw
watchthisvideo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9bWzb8Cpw new video
dichdastardly::The problem with Rondo is SHOOTING... he has to become a better shooter... the game comes down to the ball being in his hands at the end of the game.. he's going to have to learn to take the big shot
Shaun0088::How manytimes do I have to say this?You people must not know Rondo has never been a "shooter"?
dichdastardly::Ummm.. he better LEARN to be more consistent.. thats the only thing keeping him from being the MVP of the NBA
bwp2bruce::He gets paid to be a point guard, not shoot. What is wrong with you?
dichdastardly::OMG.. You be William Munney out of Missouri... you've killed women and children
dichdastardly::Its Road Dog... this is my work alaias
_I Am A Celtic_::wtf?
Nebula29x::That's right. I've killed women and children. I've killed just about everything that walks or crawled at one time or another.
Nebula29x::You must have missed the playoffs last year
Orckrast::http://www.plndr.com/plndr/MembersOnly/login.aspx?r=5936672     use the url to get membership to a great streetwear store!
dichdastardly::Rondo leads the pack.... He's the MVP of the league.. there has never been another PG like him
bwp2bruce::Well, there was that one guy named Stockon, but he was always running pick and rolls with Malone. Rondo has way more natural instincts. I agree with you. There hasn't been another like him. Magic would be his only competition.
dichdastardly::and Magic was 6 phreaking 9... a big man taking advantage of lil guards... like Rondo.. Magic couldn't shoot either
NYSportsFan360::This might be random and it doesnt take anything away from the Celtics.  But, I love the way Raymond Felton is playing as Point Guard for the NY Knicks.  I just do, he is doing a great job.
Nebula29x::Most UNC players do a great job
bwp2bruce::I don't care how much you like him. The Knicks would be way better if they had Rondo.
NYSportsFan360::He doesnt need to be. He is good.  And Paul Pierce is not in Melo's league anymore. So it all balances out.
bwp2bruce::There's nothing to hate about. Felton is not in Rondo's league.
NYSportsFan360::not really, he got himself back in shape and is showing it w/ his play.  dont hate.
bwp2bruce::Felton is Phat
NYSportsFan360::ok and Celtics would be way better if they had Lebron James.  You can't have every superstar in the league on your team.  Felton is perfect for Knicks, he meshes well w/ Stoudemire and Melo.  And he does what he needs to do to lead the KNicks to wins.
NYSportsFan360::he actually doesnt suck, he is good  he is averaging 16 points and 7 assists, thats good
dichdastardly::OK.. he's good... he is what the knicks need.. not Lin
dichdastardly::fat boy Felton SUCKS
Nebula29x::Has Rivers seen anyone like Rondo?  "There's been a couple: Jason Kidd in his heyday, Magic all the time, Stockton. But think about it, I've named four or five guys. The league's been around a long time. So it's not a lot, and he's one of them. He's a rare bird, he really is."
bwp2bruce::Apparently not.
