berr3555::That is a good win. Memphis is pretty good.
Grindhouse2413::Thanks man, we are improving every year. We want what you guys had two years ago
GoBlueRaidersGo25::I didn't get a chance to see the game. What happen yesterday?
Grindhouse2413::I went out and recorded it, watched it when I came home. Mavs came out strong, hitting shots from everywhere, with their players all contributing. Griz played a step slower and shots that normally hit, just weren't going down. It was an exhausting week. Thankfully, games like last night are not the norm for this year. We will rebound and be ready for the Floppers come game time Monday. GO GRIZ
Aeiouy.com::What cracks me up is how Memphis gets to write this off as a tough second day of a back to back.  Because the NBA does not know how to schedule games all teams play too many back to backs.  What is funny though is when a team is struggling like the mavs and they have a bad second game in back to backs nobody uses that as an excuse.  When the mavs were good they got to blame back to backs but now they don't.  It is a weird double standard where only the better teams can blame back to backs for playing poorly.  A few years ago the mavs had an amazing record on second nights and it was impressive but nobody threw them a parade.  Memphis played an ot game in San Antonio, which is a 40 minute plane ride to Dallas, and then got to play a bad mavericks team at a later than normal start time.  The reality is Memphis is under 500 in their last 15 games and they have absolutely no bench.  Teams with no depth will always struggle with back to backs.  That is one of the reasons you need more than six players.  The bottom line is being tired is just an excuse and not a good one.  I am not overrating this win by the mavs but it does seem like they are finally getting a regular rotation and some cohesiveness with working dirk in.  Plus Memphis is a defensive team and bringing your defense in a b2b is easier than the offense.
tigersbball901::Take a breather man... The spurs game was in memphis, so it was definitely more than a 40 minute flight.  No bench? Though last night didn't seem so, Ellington can drain threes almost on command, Darrell Arthur has a patented mid range jumpshot, Bayless could start on a sub 500 team, and pondexter (whom we were missing last night) and speights are the ideal team players, the dirty workers.  And yeah, grindhouse has the rest of your ignorance covered.
Grindhouse2413::Wow, I was so fixated on his win/loss attack that I missed him saying we played Friday in SA. Geez, dude was all over the place with misinformation. Of course, he won't admit being wrong on mulitple accounts though. I happen to love our bench (Zoo Crew) and wish LH would have let them start last night just to change it up. Of course, I wish we had played better but our shots just werent going down. We still went 4 for 5 this week. Not too bad at all.
Grindhouse2413::woah dude, you need to slow down and check your facts. We are 10 - 5 in our last 15 games not "under .500". We went 12 - 2 in November. Impressive right? A mediocre 7 - 7 in December. And now for January we are 5 - 2. We have more wins on the road than you do wins at home. Yes you won last night. Well done. Good luck the rest of the season.
CandySparker::;)
isellshoes::You know you got schooled when your top performer of the game only had 8 points. Good job Mavs!
Grindhouse2413::We won the last game against the Mavs in Memphis and led it wire to wire. I dont think Dirk was the reason for our loss. Once again, a game that was ours to lose, we lost. Its on us.
ComixJoint::If the Grizzlies don't address their woeful shooting and ability to create scoring opportunities, they will be nothing but first-round fodder in the playoffs. I am one of the Grizz fans willing to part with Gay to generate a better TEAM offense without ruining a stellar defense. In Hollinger I trust.
CSM. HB J-dogg::Or they are Missing O.J Mayo
Eg214::Grizz have a good team they are just missing a sharp shooter they have inside presence i feel like they missing a guy like jason terry to compete for a Chip
562-bell gardens::ERIC GORDON,AND YES IM A CLIPPER FAN
Grindhouse2413::We didnt take you guys serious. I would have rather the bench played and let our starters just rest after the exhausting win last night. The real reason we lost tonight was because I went out and didnt watch the game. Def plan on watching us against the Clips. Go Griz. Shake this one off!
Aeiouy.com::What bench?  Do the grizzlies have even eight uniforms?
tigersbball901::This guy watches one grizz game and sees a mediocre performance and creates all sorts less than stellar jokes and snarky comments because he believes that a team's ability or inability can be encapsulated in a single performance, even if it is played 22 hours after an OT win against the second best team in the league
Grindhouse2413::Are you serious or just hating?
Grindhouse2413::Anything is possible. Its the NBA. Just when you start counting a team out, they upset you. Well played Dallas. Hope games like these and others dont come back to bite us. Good luck Dallas. GNG!
Eg214::Even if the grizz did show up  i still think the mavs win they came out hungry out the gate. But it would of been alot closer for sure
tbw2445::How did this happen?
isellshoes::There is always one game in the season that could be looked as a turning point for some teams. Lets hope this is one for the Mavs, two years removed from an NBA title.
Grindhouse2413::Sad but true. Does not look good for Dallas' playoff chances this year.
Eg214::Mavs Have turned the corner
joewatiii::No, it's called the truth.
Nowitzki.::someone is mad
joewatiii::Mavs have turned the corner?!?  It's one f-ing game!  You can't state that a team has turned around after winning just one game.  They've only beat 4 opponents with winning records, that's pathetic, little to no chance the mavs make the playoffs.
SouthDallas40::Very nice win!!!!
dirkaqs41::Signature win for the mavs!
bamacrushesit::What the heck has happened to Dirk's free throw shooting???? I would have thought that would be the last thing to suffer from his layoff.
---LeTs gO mAvS---::I don't I've ever seen Dirk miss 2 straight free throws in my lifetime lol. Dirk has been a 90% free throw shooter every year of his career
---LeTs gO mAvS---::I'm a Mavs fan but yadda1984 is a d-bag. Even on mavs blogs he always talks shiit about people opinions and thinks only what he thinks is always right. Ignore that troll
Dallas Mavericks 2006 and 2011 Western Conference Champs::Mavs all day!!
redraidersnation517::MFFL!!
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::yes sirr
Grindhouse2413::Wow. Were we all hungover? Props to the Mavs for stomping a foot in our $@%. That was embarrassing. There goes our streak over like 100+ games forcing 10 or more turnovers. Get some rest Griz Nation cuz we will def need our energy or Monday. We better not play like that at the Grindhouse.
redraidersnation517::Memphis was playing like the bobcats tonight!
1grizzfan4life::You have 1 championship in 33 years. Don't cream your panties
HurricaneHamlin::1 &gt; 0
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::lol haha
roy2daboy::Kiss my a..ss dummy.
1grizzfan4life::Take your ring and shove it up your a$$
rede482::the world cheered for dallas that year.
rede482::im out talk to u guys/gals monday night go grizz! facing the real MVP of the league...hate him but hes damn good. (cp3)
rede482::theres nothing wrong with being a redneck. yadda bring your $@% to memphis and see how longu survive.
isellshoes::Kids these days....
LoSpring::Am I reading this right? Y'all bragging about leading in homicides?
tigersbball901::wouldn't last outside, in the "outernet," for that matter
1grizzfan4life::Wouldn't last 10 minutes on the streets of M-town that's for sure.
knight_rider_1983::yadda1984 and I have seen some huge some huge trailer parks but then again everything is bigger in Texas including the trailer parks
roy2daboy::Yadda is acting like that bi..tch a..ss punk seanjohnw.
knight_rider_1983::yadda1984 why so much hate for Memphis and I have seen more than my fair share of Rednecks in Texas
knight_rider_1983::yadda1984 who is your team?
1grizzfan4life::A classless sorry excuse for a Mavs fan apparently.
yadda1984::Just roll your cursor over my name.
knight_rider_1983::where do you live?
roy2daboy::Yadda is trying to be such a tough guy behind a keyboard, but I'm betting that he gets his a..ss beat all the time by others (including by his 80 year old moms).
rede482::i dont even know why im still on here. your kinda cracking me up
rede482::i just hacked yadda's webcam. he's a 400 pound 80 year old hermaphadite
yadda1984::Listen, I'll actually like your comment if you say something funny.  But you're not doing a very good job with the trash talk right now.
yadda1984::Or @ss holes all the time.....it was something like that.
yadda1984::Are you the dude that said he looks as at @ss holes all day?
emthomasjr::I just have to wonder what it is that Selby is or isn't doing in practice that has him so on Hollins bad side.  Is it just his size?  We need that dude's scoring.  I'm not saying he could do it vs elite defenders, but he could have some success vs. 2nd units.
Justinkm83::Good luck the rest of the way Memphis. If we don't make the playoffs, I'm going to need you to win the West because I hate OKC, SA, and all L.A. teams
oicurak9::Lick it.  Go Spurs!
ThunderHornz::Bite it! go Thunder!
Jon Armdog::Agreed.  Memphis is one of the very few teams I could actually root for in the West besides the Mavs.  Hate the rest of them
knight_rider_1983::Great showing by the Mavs and Go Grizz
rc021363::Same to Dallas.  Glad to see Dirk healthy again.  Good luck with the rest of the season.
emthomasjr::Selby 10 points on 6 attempts in 16 minutes.  3/6 from the field.  Only 4/7 from the FTL, but he's a better shooter than that.  I know that it is garbage time, but THAT's the kind of scoring that we need off the bench.  Why not give a guy a shot that is capable of scoring efficiently like that?  Our offense is garbage anyway.  Give the man some minutes and the &amp;^@! ball and see what happens!
emthomasjr::Yes.  It will cut down on injuries late and give them more confidence down the stretch.
rc021363::Coach Hollins needs to give all the bench players more time during the tough schedules like this.
rede482::yadda: ill meet u by the bus Zbo: b!tch ill kick yo $@%
emthomasjr::$25K fine again or 1 game suspension this time?  LOL.
rede482::your right thank you for allowing me to do that
yadda1984::You should have thought that one out.  Take some time and try again.
yadda1984::Dear Memphis fans,   You are way too easy.  And yes, that has a double meaning.   -Your Daddy
MrInvictus::Okay... this just got gay, so I'm gone now
yadda1984::Dear Memphis fans,   Your team is soft and you have nothing but excuses.   -All NBA fans
1grizzfan4life::Get your head out of your $@%. You make no sense.
1grizzfan4life::Soft? I'd like to see Dirk and Randolph in a fist fight and then tell me who's soft.
yadda1984::Ha ha.  That was funny to imagine.  Unfortunately, this isn't hockey.
rede482::lol. where is your mute button? or atleast a dislike button
cooltapes777::stay classy big d  gotta make those playoffs
roy2daboy::Making playoffs and winning them are two totally different scenarios btw.  Too bad that Cowgirl fans will never get that experience ever again.
roy2daboy::You need to get rid of $@%! Romo and that idiot jason Garrett.
Justinkm83::Until next year. We are right there. Just need OL/DT help.
rc021363::Props to the classy Mav fans and great game for you all.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!
roy2daboy::Let's not feed this Dallas troll peeps.
knight_rider_1983::Memphis was just tired tonight
rc021363::True, and Hollins needs to trust the bench more during the season to rest the starters more.
rede482::yadda yadda yadda
yadda1984::Dear Memphis fans,   Please take all of your fake sportsmanship and get the $@%! out.   -Everybody
rc021363::LOL, you are the fake sports fan.  Sportsmanship is real with most of Grizzlies fans, unlike Mav fans like you.  Did mommy take your XBox away from you tonight?  Is that why you are mad?
1grizzfan4life::Blow me
rede482::go watch seinfeld
47riley47::From the board in the preview, memphis fans can go suck it
Justinkm83::That's what I've been saying, sort of. The conversation this morning was ridiculous. Memphis had it locked up.
47riley47::Low life
roy2daboy::Your mama.
roy2daboy::Dallas fans always suck it, especially Cowgirl fans.
yadda1984::Isn't there some sort of Grizzlies blog that all of you people can go chat on?
rc021363::Isn't there an AA or NA meeting you should be in right now?
tigersbball901::Yeah, yadda is virgin relieving his sexual tensions via ESPN, but he's right. Don't quit your day job man
yadda1984::That wasn't very funny at all.
roy2daboy::Isn't there a dumba..ss meeting gathering that you're late for?
yadda1984::That was semi-funny.
rede482::anyone thinik ray lewis will go out in a blaze of glory like jerome bettis?
rc021363::I hope so, I always liked him.
47riley47::They got new england next?
MrInvictus::Aight good peeps, got work to do... see yall Monday on Beale!
Greygoose crew::Mark Cuban suck
rc021363::Great game by Mavs, credit to them.    Coach Hollins, has hardly given the bench any game time, and when you have busy weeks like this is when you need the bench most.  Coach Hollins better start learning this fine point of NBA scheduling.  Coach P from San Antonio does this very well.  Coach Hollins has done well so far, but he still has some learning to do.
emthomasjr::I still don't understand his bench philosophy.  His comments about "not bogging down the subs with sets" was interesting earlier this year.
MrInvictus::Good win for the Mavs, plus we needed a good loss to get our bench guys some quality minutes... good for the Grizz in the long run.  Come Monday's Clippers game, then Wed rematch against the Spurs no one will remember this night but the Mavs fans and our bench guys who got to shine for a quarter, lol
knight_rider_1983::Get some rest Grizz and as always Love, Peace and Grind.............
thundercrackenjokesatu::Glad to finally see Dallas play like they want to win again but again Memphis came off of beating SA last night and I wonder if it was a let down by Memphis or is Dallas finally starting to come around
rc021363::Both, but Dallas played really well tonight.  Props to the Mavs.
MrInvictus::That's not why Pop rested his guys... they had nights off and 4 straight nights off after us, we still got the Clippers and Spurs in the next 4 days and we don't do that ish!  That was sum weak ish he pulled.
emthomasjr::It's not just the back to back and the OT win vs. the Spurs, its 5 games in 7 nights, the same reason why Pop rested his guys.  These games are extremely difficult road wins for any team.  Last time we beat the Nuggets, they were on one of these and they basically collapsed in the 4th.
Justinkm83::Every team has them. Your fans weren't talking about that this morning. They were calling for a blowout. Just not the way it happened.
Justinkm83::A little of both. Every team has back to backs.
emthomasjr::Good win by the Mavs, but I just wish that our bench could have showed us a little more.  It's cool to see Ellington getting hot in blow-out wins, but these are the type of "trap" games were we need him or somebody on the bench, even Bayless, with the confidence and ability to step up and lead the team.  That's what the Clips have in Crawford right now, and why they are scary.  They are still beatable though.
Justinkm83::This is what I said at 11:02 this morning : It won't be as easy as Grizzlies fans think. No, we aren't the team we used to be, but we were without our hall of famer for most of the year. We have lost 7 OT games including ones to the Heat and one to the Thunder recently. We have been playing better lately, but we have trouble in the 4th closing out leads.   Good thing we have a ton of cap space, and roster space this offseason.  I love it when I'm right.
Justinkm83::Well normally I wouldn't respond they way I did now, or this morning, but I found it funny they were calling a W for Memphis by 25. That's just people looking at the records, and not really watching the NBA.
emthomasjr::OIC.  I knew this would be a TOUGH game, and that the only chance we had was if the bench played well.  Our bench was slaw tonight.  At least the Mavs didn't break records against us, but we were terrible with out meaningful bench play.  As much as I respect Hollins, I still can't understand his philosophy with the bench.  I understand playing matchups, but the bench will never be good unless they are perfecting things on both sides of the ball, and if they aren't practicing sets, I don't know how they will ever be consistent.
Justinkm83::I didn't say they were. I said the W for Memphis won't be as easy as they were all predicting. Go and read the comments this morning.
thundercrackenjokesatu::Championship teams win the OT games and close ones it don't matter how close you came it matters who gets the W
Justinkm83::You have 0 championships and so does Memphis
emthomasjr::Cap space and roster space aren't going to make winning a 5th game in 7 nights on the tail end of a back to back on the road after an emotional overtime win the night before any easier.
auburn177777::memphis still have biggest blowout of 2013 113- 81 over the kings
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::Good win Mavs still a long way to go
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::lol where that trash talk now
JamesGetDownBrown::we have one more win than you have loses
yadda1984::Okay Memphis fans.  Back home to your families.....back to your wives.....who are also your sisters.....who are also your mothers.
rc021363::Thanks again for proving trolls are not just from the outside of the fan base.
JamesGetDownBrown::you should be thanking us for mayo, who saved the first part of your season.
Nowitzki.::dont be a dumba$$
MrInvictus::I thought that was that stuff yall do down in ole Texas! lol
rede482::wow. you are a jacka$s.
