Salvatore Stealth::Danny Ainge can accumulate as many draft choices as he wants. The NBA game is played  by basketball players not future draft choices. Why Danny hasn't found a way to acquire Omer Asik is a mystery. Perhaps Houston woke up and decided that it is Howard that they want to trade. That's what I'd do. Then Danny is sitting on a losing franchise for 5 years. Boston fans, if you want to win, tell Danny to go land you a Center. You can't win without one.
drdrazen::Boston Celtics is the most decorated franchise in nba...They ALWAYS have to be a ring contenders...ALWAYS...Draft pics sounds like a lottery luck...Celtics success was always based on big heart, pride and hard work...never on luck...I told before the season that they will be disaster...It is a shame...Danny should resigned...
Thomas::Talk about not caring and just going through the motions.  This NBA refereeing crew is disgraceful.
Garrett::Dictating the outcome of a game by free throws? Especially when it was the most soft loose ball foul I've seen all game. I saw tons of more plays where there were no fouls and people were on the ground. NBA just doesn't want Rondo to get his first win...
The Most Interesting Man in the World::Impressive loss by the men in green.  Hats off to Danny Ainge for trading away our only 2 good 3 point shooters (Lee and Crawford) for second round picks, a big we don't need and a back up PG in Bayless when we already have Pressey.  Yay we shaved 5 or 6 million off the cap.  Here we come LeBron!  *sarcasm* This team is garbage to watch.
Vlad::rondo is a great player. i hope he can return to being what he was before his injury. celtics definitely should not trade him. they have a shot at the playoffs theyre only a few games out
Ron::Boston Strong from Kentucky ! Senor El Pobre de Kentucky (Mr. Poor Boy from Kentucky)
Colonel Snoop::Too early to say for sure. But Rondo may have lost a step.
John::Bradley not cutting it 30% shooting. Try Chris Johnson might surprise everyone.
Chris::7 players what the #$%$ magic
