Paul Marshall::Geez...funny how my Raptors expectations have dramatically changed since Gay left. Now, I would have been surprised if they lost.
Nick Evans::Raps keep this play up, they can at least hang another Atlantic Division Champs banner in the ACC.
Andy P Kordyban::JENNINGS FOR THREEEEEEEEEEEEEE  CLANK,
SirBeast Fiftybuc::watching jennings play now i know why bucks traded him
Denis Bazinet::With a Pacers win over ATL, and Raps taking care of business against Pistons, Raps will move into 3rd in the conference...at 17-17????  Ew...but I'll take it versus tanking.
David Garcia::raps will be bounced first round
Nick Evans::David Garcia yeah right, playing who?  Washington?  Chicago?  Raps have owned those teams.. bottom 4 teams in the East are garbage.
Syd Mohsin::Raptors will blowout Piston..Raptors wins 111-86
Jon Ripley::Raptors by 40, and I'm a Piston fan.
Andy P Kordyban::CLANK!
Mark Mattson::time for mo cheeks and joe d to both be fired.  bring in a gm that will dump jennings and smith for picks and cap space and tank the rest of the season.
Yaneek Smith::Smith has disappointed at times, but the Pistons will get a lot more in a trade for Monroe than they will for Smith. Just think, if Dumars trades Monroe and gets a good wing player (E. Turner, A. Afflalo, E. Gordon, etc.), then we can move Smith to his natural spot at PF and have a much more potent lineup…. Besides, Monroe is a true C and can't play the kind of defense necessary to stay with the likes of Kevin Love, David West, Ryan Anderson and other stretch 4s.
Mark Mattson::Yaneek Smith - monroe is not a true C, but keep thinking that if you want.  i agree he struggles against stretch 4's, but he also has a lower cap hit and wouldnt free up much space.  if we had a coach and PG who knew how to get him the ball in where he can take it off the dribble he is nearly unstoppable.
John M Wright::Yaneek Smith -who wants a guy like Monroe that shoots under 40% from the line.....What would you get for him? spare parts and a second rounder?
David Garcia::Joe Dumars worst gm ever! Josh smith,  villanueva,  Ben Gordon, all horrible signings
Aking Balintataw::2 of the hot teams in the East meet! The raptors will get the W in this one.
Peter Lacey::Pistons have lost the last 5 dummy.
Aking Balintataw::Peter Lacey sarcasm bro... sarcasm...
Peter Lacey::Aking Balintataw Ok bro.  Wasn;t sure considering how many stupid people engage in convo on this site.  Must be a Psitons fan like myself. Joe has GOT TO GO!!!!
Rob Soldo::Lowry should be an all star for the East.
Timothy J. Casey::If he keeps playing like this and his team keeps winning, I'd have to agree.
Andy P Kordyban::Raptors are the best :)
Andy P Kordyban::Love me some Raptors.
Andy P Kordyban::RAPTORS WIN!
Kasper Kennedy::LETS GO RAPTORS !
Doni Davis::Detroit! woop woop! well....I guess I should root for the Raptors cuz Canada is better at everything!
Kasper Kennedy::Doni Davis it is you vs me tonight and the raps will win i will win weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
David Garcia::Canada is depressing.. rather live in Cuba
Gary McConnell::The surprise to me was that Jonus outplayed Drummond. While AD is an imposing, unstoppable bull when he gets the ball down low and a great rebounder, in other ways JV looked like a much better center. Better moves, superior on pick and roll, smarter defender, good free throw shooter, and made AD look silly on a couple of ball fakes. Drummond not near as complete a player, at least at this early stage. But I can foresee these two having many battles in the years to come.
Mark Mattson::can anyone explain to me why kcp was 6/7 at halftime, and is still 6/7 after 3?  the kid was playing really well.  see if you can ride him a little.  but, of course, jennings decided it was time for him to try to take over and throw the game.  the league should investigate him for point shaving...
Timothy J. Casey::This tends to happen whenever he plays well early. He just stops getting shots. Same tends to happen to Monroe. But, Jennings is gonna get his 20 and 10 so it's all good...
David Garcia::u must have lost money on Detroit.. gambling on NBA too difficult
Peter Lacey::David Garcia Are you retarded or something?
Timothy J. Casey::So Monroe is 4/8 from the field, KCP is 6/7, and Smith is 3/4, yet Jennings insists on hoisting up bad shots when he's already 3/9 from the field instead of continuing to feed the offense with his passing... Good Lord this guy doesn't play with his head.
Timothy J. Casey::The worst part about the Pistons play is that we'll probably be stuck with Jennings and Smith for at least another 2-3 years. Gonna be a while before Detroit is a quality team again.
Ryan Lord::I know...I'm done with them until those 2 scrubs are gone...that's not  Detroit Basketball....wtf Dumas
Peter Lacey::Ryan Lord Not it's not DETROIT BASKETBALL!  Joe has GOT TO GO!
Ryan Lord::Peter Lacey Thanks
Mark Mattson::any other piston fans paying attention to what middleton is doing in milwaukee?  over 45% from the field and 43% from deep.  joe d traded away another great shooter, just like afflalo, and got crap in return.
Derek Freed::Yeah, as much as I wasn't gung-ho on the Jennings trade altogether, I have a feeling Middleton will sting more in the future than Knight ever will.
Derek Freed::I also wasn't TOO upset about the Afflalo trade, simply because living in Denver I got to see him play a lot more. But yeah, that one turned out to be a bad one for Detroit.
Mark Mattson::Derek Freed - middleton is exactly what KCP was supposed to be.  he struggled from 3 last year, but you could see from his long range 2-point shooting that he would find the range from deep.  kcp can't hit anything.
Mark Mattson::that was by far the best half of basketball KCP has played this season.  if he could do half of that on a consistent basis he might actually be worth the pick.
Hector Abel Bautista::Detroit Sucks Basketballllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!
SirBeast Fiftybuc::IF PISTONS WANA WIN THIS GAME GOT TO GET THE BALL OYT OF DRUMMONDS HANDS
David McIntyre::man do I wish Jennings would stop shooting so much
Timothy J. Casey::Good luck with that. This is what Jennings does, son!
Harvey Heeres::The same as Josh Smith, people who thought  that they would magically change once they put on that Pistons jersey were delusional. I was worried the second I heard about Smith signing but I was hopeful about Jennings. I appear to have been mistaken.
Peter Lacey::I wish Jennings was Lebron James.
Hugo Leong::Detroit missed 14 free throw
