StompYourFace25::Not only did we win, WE WON BY 7!!!
Steveforprez04::This is an embarrassing loss for the Raptors.  Any team who loses to the Bobcats should be automatically expelled from the playoffs.
Mizzle85::You're talking as if the Raptors are playoff contenders anyway.
Zeke Mansfield::The Raptors organization is an emberassment to the city of Toronto.
crjpereira::Yeah, too bad they're not more consistent winners like the Maple Leafs. Oh, right. Nevermind.
Rosstafarian5371::Bobcats got a much needed victory last night but still doesn't change the path there going down. The Bobcats will end the season with the worst record, i think that's a for gone conclusion. With MJ not willing to shell out some money to bring someone, anyone in to help with some points off the bench and him not coming to grips with firing Silas yet? Bobcats are almost a lock for the #1 pick this year in the draft. So who would you get?
crjpereira::Oh, and yes, Anthony Davis. It's not a lock though obviously, and I wouldn't be upset with Drummond or Barnes, just a little concerned that there isn't a 4th really top-tier guy who project well at the next level, since with the lottery and the Bobcats' luck there's a good chance we'll be drafting 4th.
Mizzle85::We are REBUILDING. Now is not the time to overpay for "scorers" in free agency.
crjpereira::Exactly.
mjoskar::It's a lottery. No lock.
Talentsojhin::Anthony Davis.
BadManWayne::MJ needs to open his wallet and get us some big time free agents.    there are several college teams that would beat the bobcats
teedotsportsfan::Are you kidding me?  The Bobcats would make a sick college team
Mizzle85::Ever heard of the salary cap?
AvengedByCats::I can understand that comment but there really aren't any college teams that could beat any NBA teams.
BadManWayne::michael jordan is a jew. watch a cheap mofo he is. he has all the money in the world and look at this $@%!$@ product he puts on the court.
Mizzle85::Have you seen the contracts of Diop and Boris? Spending money has never been a problem for the Bobcats. Spending money WISELY has.
crjpereira::Well technically we didn't sign either of those guys, we just took those contracts back in trades.
buckywaters1::Ever get tired of being a bigot?
BadManWayne::Tysonchicken108      BIYOMBO WITH THE 7 BLOCKS!!! GO CRAZY B-CATS FANS!!! THE STREAK IS OVER!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MICHAEL!!! NOW WHO WANTS SOME PIZZA???   dude i live in charlotte and trust me there are no bobcats fans here.
Mizzle85::You need to get out more.
buckywaters1::Possibly the worst team ever and they still average over 17,000 a night.  That's good enough for 14th in the league from a relatively small market.
Talentsojhin::Yeah plenty of us fans in Charlotte.
a704king::Obviously you don't live in charlotte. There are plenty of fans here.
secueritae::Yup your right then MJ needs to get some major names for you guys. Theoretically it should be easy as it's MJ trying to convince you to come play.
BadManWayne::i told yall lil $@%!$@% bobcats would win
_tjc44_::Biiismackkkk BIYOMMMMMMMMMMMBOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ALL I DO IS LIN434334::.
My name is Jeff.::toronto likes to snap other teams' losing streaks
footbawll::i thought the vince carter played for toronto...where have i been?
crjpereira::Haha, not sure. He's played for about half the league since he left Toronto years ago.
warrendotcom::the bobcats, wizards, raptors, pistons, and hornets are all competing for the #1 draft pick. Of those five teams, who do you think will do the best. (be best of the worst)
crjpereira::If by 'best of the worst' you just mean worst, then it's safe to say the Bobcats. We don't have a lot of motivation to win, and clearly a lot more motivation NOT to win to get a shot at a guy like Davis. Getting a guy like that or someone else atop the draft board, plus another presumably high pick the next year plus the extra 1st rounder we have coming from Portland from the Wallace trade should give us the foundation to then go out and start targeting free agents. Until then we'll probably stay pat, which means having the worst rotation in basketball, which I guess makes us the 'best of the worst.'
secueritae::Bobcats. Pistons have gone from bad to mediocrity, and once Bargnani comes back healthy the same will happen to the Raptors.
Tysonchicken108::BIYOMBO WITH THE 7 BLOCKS!!! GO CRAZY B-CATS FANS!!! THE STREAK IS OVER!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MICHAEL!!! NOW WHO WANTS SOME PIZZA???
all atl::i would hate to be a bobcats fan
xrobologyx::I do hate being a Wizards fan
calverta07::I would hate to be an atl fan
crjpereira::ATL fans hate being ATL fans. That's why there aren't very many of them. That's why Charlotte, a smaller market, has better attendance numbers than ATL, even in the rare years that our teams are worse in the win-loss column.
ALL I DO IS LIN434334::JORDAN GOT HIS BIRTHDAY WISH....
Szeklinski::The NBA needs to consolidate.  No one wants to watch Bobcats/Raptors.  A league with only 24 teams would cost the NBA less money.
secueritae::I guess you can say Toronto is like the Pre-Dwight Howard Orlando Magic.  A team with an amazingly strong fanbase, just waiting for a winner to emerge.
crjpereira::Guess you don't remember the talk about Orlando possibly losing their team before Dwight came along...
wilcox1232::its strange though the raptors still make a lot of money every year, its hard to contract a team that makes money
warrendotcom::bulls, heat, and thunder are clearly the three best teams, nobody else is even close.
caniac999::a league with 2 teams costs even less, hell, one team.  There we go, an NBA with 1 team.
woodyattjon::Stop the press- BOBCATS win
Zach4panthers::If Bobcats get Davis in the draft and move Biyombo to the 4 next year then they will have the best interior defense in the league for years to come. Will still probably suck though
rahrahfez::davis needs to get his wieght up to be a true center, right now bubu( bismack ) is the better option for a true center and have davis play 4 spot, although we have a lot of players at the 4 spot
crjpereira::Camby's never gotten his weight up, and he's the guy Davis is most often compared to. I think he'd do fine at the 5 eventually after a season or two.
BowenDT71::Yeah two guys who wouldn't be able to score, although Davis will get an offensive game, mark my words.
SWedd523::If you believe:  "Davis will get an offensive game, mark my words"  then why say:  "two guys who wouldn't be able to score"
Manak25::If the nba contracted the bobcats %75 of the roster would end up in the d league.  That is a garbage roster.
crjpereira::That's a good thing. If we were losing like this w/ a legitimate NBA roster I'd be much more worried.
PhilMNAP::CATS!
jordan23-014::raps 2012 lineup  PG - Bayless SG - DD SF - Barnes/ MKG PF - Barg C - Euro kid
wilcox1232::im hoping they draft barnes and move a piece for the 10th or 11th pick and take jared sullinger as well
Brian_Scalabrin3::Do you think Michael Jordan would accept Charlie Villanueva and a box of leftover Valentine chocolates for the Bobcats #1 pick?
Fadethebookie.com83::<b>WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.CO M....SPORT HANDICAPPING WEBSITE...I OWN THIS SERVICE…MY RECORD IS 127-37-4 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS...I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM...I WAS THE MANAGER  AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...REGISTRATION IS FREE...JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS...ALL MY PLANS ARE DISCOUNTED 25% THIS MONTH…I’VE BEEN OVER 75% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 8 YEARS…I AM CURRENTLY RUNNING A MONTHLY 3-DAY SPECIAL  <b>MONTHLY SPECIAL VALID UNTIL SUNDAY FEB. 17TH</b></b>
Fadethebookie.com83::.
jordan23-014::the raps need H. Barnes or Lamb....they dont need Jones 3 or Davis....they got Barg and the 7'0 euro dude..and they got bayless for a pg
secueritae::If the Raps are in the lottery all we need is BC to bring kids from Sick Kids to represent him and #1 is ours anyways...
n.c.chris::I've watched every game Barnes has played as a Tarheel and i'm still not sold on him as a dominant NBA player
I piss on dead taliban::Agreed. Sometimes it's painful watching him trying to shake defenders
n.c.chris::I dont think Barnes has the one on one moves that you need to have to be a great NBA player. He has a hard time creating his own shot in collage
jordan23-014::he has potential....really good potential...
I piss on dead taliban::They need kidd-ghilcrist
I piss on dead taliban::Seems like the NBA as a whole is going in that direction
jordan23-014::yeah but knowing collangelo, he'll prolly pick a euro kid again
I piss on dead taliban::Man I love barnes but MKG is the real deal. He can guard the perimeter and rebound better than barnes
jordan23-014::yeah im ok with him or lamb if they cant get barnes
Twrigs57::In real nature, a raptor would kick the s h i t out of a bobcat.
Twrigs57::That was my point, D I P S H I T.
I piss on dead taliban::That means a lot man. We are now friends
Twrigs57::Thanks, buddy. Since you are a such a good sport, I take it all back, even the useless original post.
I piss on dead taliban::Yeah, you got me
Twrigs57::A raptor is a bird of prey, you S H I T H E A D. I love how you thought you proved me wrong, but failed like a little poor b i t c h. HAHAHAHA F U C K E R.
I piss on dead taliban::In real nature there is no such thing as a raptor D I P S H I T.
Kujosh54321::not in a real basketball game
I piss on dead taliban::Does anybody on here see tyler zeller ever being a starting center in the NBA?
csmithuncw14::not while hes scoring for other teams
n.c.chris::As a UNC fan no. He's too weak in the post for the NBA. Should be a solid role player if he stays healthy
I piss on dead taliban::He is fast down the floor for a big man though
I piss on dead taliban::He's got a nice looking mid range J but yeah I agree he would get pushed around down low by the elite bigs
jordan23-014::yes i need the raps to keep losing...atleast try and get the one of the first 3 pick in the draft.......
I piss on dead taliban::I wonder if that kid from iona will go pro this year and if so where he will be drafted.   Nobody on UNC can hit anything from 3 as of late. They better find that shot or they will be back in chapel hill early come march
jordan23-014::1 - A. Davis 2 - H. Barnes 3 - A. Drummond 4 - Lamb/Jones 3/Marshall
n.c.chris::Hairston was also supposedly a deadly sharpshooter. That hasnt worked out too well
I piss on dead taliban::They've got paige coming in next year who is almost identical in the way he plays to marshall. He's faster though and can shoot the J
jordan23-014::marshall is prolly the best pg right now in college
n.c.chris::Marshall better not come out if he does UNC is screwed
I piss on dead taliban::No way marshall comes out this year. He needs to develop a mid to long range shot first or at least finish his drives
willgolfman124::good thing we r looking at anthony davis, we need a strong big man. mullens and biambo cant do all the work down low.
n.c.chris::Davis, Walker, and Biambo is actually a good start if we're smart in free agency this summer
n.c.chris::Yeah i'm not expecting world beaters but a solid 5 or 6 seed playoff team would be nice
Kujosh54321::dont forget hendo
I piss on dead taliban::Imagine unibrow and bismack working the low post on D. That would be a nightmare for other teams
n.c.chris::WE WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm predicting a 49 game win streak to celebrate MJ's birthday
d_gettis12::PLAYOFFS HERE WE COME!
willgolfman124::bismack coming home strong! bobcats end 16 game losing streak
willgolfman124::the bobcats arent a bad team, we have had a TON of injuries, gerald henderson, meggett, augistin...
Primack3217::sorry, but you guys are pretty bad..
willgolfman124::well maybe not that, but i think we are starting to come together.
I piss on dead taliban::They need to keep a team together for more than a year(which I know is hard to do in the NBA) and they might be able to make some noise in the playoffs
I piss on dead taliban::On MJ's bday. This is the start of a 16 game win streak
GodAmongstCommoners v2.0::ROFLMAO gawd the craptors are a f.ucking joke
DirtBaGP::damn toronto. just stick to hockey
I piss on dead taliban::They're pretty good at hitting homeruns too but unfortunately they play in the same division as two powerhouses so...yeah
matthew64154::Bismack future DPOY
I piss on dead taliban::Not with the Unibrow coming in next year
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::Raptors are a sad franchise.
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::Wow, About time. Lol I feel bad for Bobcats fans.
twostep620::ahah idk he really likes kemba
I piss on dead taliban::This is true.
twostep620::dont we have kemba walker whos gonna come along great and a potential first pick it will be ok we know what the plan is this year isnt gonna go anywhere were OK with that
Kujosh54321::dont forget about the 20-30 million in cap space for next season
I piss on dead taliban::Once kemba and bismack become legit jordan will trade them away for two sh itty players
Wayne03787::go 76ers
Wayne03787::go 76ers
Wayne03787::go 76ers
Jim63227282::Raptors just need to fold.  Just end the $@%!$@%! misery !!!!
Jeff7429::agreed....wasted NBA franchise.
Wayne03787::dallas sucks haha they can't vs my 76ers
Wayne03787::go mariners
screwhead2305::DJ augustin is the difference
sunderland13::dj had a double double?
twostep620::ya i feel that just dont like the size advantage sometimes good game tho there both quick so hopefully they ca make up for their defense
screwhead2305::they should both play at the same time
twostep620::dont get me wrong DJ is a good distributor with the ball but lets be honest kemba is a all around better player half wa thru his rookie year with no training camp i jus feel like if kemba gets his assits up we could get a better big man then two tiny guards
twostep620::he did almost nothing, corey maggetteand reggie williams plus playing he raptors is why we just won, give it a month for kemba to devolope n we wont even need DJ
screwhead2305::good job charlotte
ncaabrules::I did it was +245
Wayne03787::i can't watch the bobcats because they suck  a rec 4-26 come on they went to the playoffs last year but not this year
Wayne03787::and toronto sucks to a rec at 9-23 haha
FEAR_THE_HEAT::LOL you lost to the Bobcats??? HAHAHHA Happy Birthday MJ
peepuu::what a total embarrassment the Raptors are
