William Staufer::ha 3rd times a charm kyrie with the game winner
Patsy Staufer::how are you love you
Kenny Lawrence::I'm hoping this young team can shake that offseason rust off. These big first quarter/half leads then blowing it at the end are getting annoying.
Justin Slavin::hope you're enjoying bynum so far.  hope you don't have any attractive bowling alleys.
Justin Capetola::He enjoyed the strip clubs more
Kyle Miller::Best game so far this season, imo
Marc Slavitt::great game by both teams.
George Chip Thayer::As a Cavs fan, I agree 100%.  Both teams are about in the same position in growth with Philly having maybe a year in advance.   Beat wishes to your team this year
Erick Stott::Your right George,but the Cavs better hope they can extend Kyrie or it will set them back even farther.
George Chip Thayer::Erick Stott Where would Kyrie go?   There's not a team in the NBA that can give Kyrie a better offer.  They can try, but the Cavs can trump any offer.
Sean Washington::Although they lost tonight, I like the fight this Sixers team shows on most nights, I hope mgnt allows them to grow together and builds up thru the draft, without trading away too many of the core pieces, they're learning how to win tight games together. However they must improve a whole lot on the defensive end of the court, I believe they have only held a team under 100 points once this season.
Tony Frenden::Kyrie is a superstar.... He needs to affect the game EVERY night.... That has been their problem, he's been too worried about getting everyone else involved.
Todd Wadding::Im a die hard UNLV fan - and I loved AB  last year, but it doesn't look to me like he's even trying hard out there.
Alex Sutton::I don't understand the pleasure people get from trolling on these threads all day! Get a life Ryan...
Michael Maiorano::Bennett had a decent game, only committed one foul and only missed one shot.
Brian Adams::Michael, give the guy a break....he will break through...
Michael Maiorano::In other news, Bynum just rolled a 226 in the 2nd game of his saturday nite league
George Chip Thayer::That's more like it.  Uncle Drew throws the hammer down at the Q.
Bronya Vogel::Look like Cleveland returned the favor that Phillips gave them on Saturday. All the young talent both teams have looks promising for their futures. Over the next 3-4 seasons both teams look to becoming a contender. That is if they can keep all the key piece. I'm OK fan and I know hard it is to do that.
Mohammed Naqvi::now if kobe shot 33 times, a bunch of people would begin to complain about him. I see Irving had 12 assist but yall cant hate on my  man Kobe Bryant
Kenny Lawrence::And what I was hoping wouldn't happen tonight is happing as we speak. 12-4 starting the 3rd quarter? Smh Brandon Weeden mindset for the Cavs after one quarter
William Cutting::Statistically  Irving had been the best clutch shooter in the past 2 seasons, but these 2 clutch bricks aint doing him any favors
Brodie Wray::so far this season he has been not clutch at alllllllll. i don't know what's wrong with him. but he freezes up. it's like the anti-mr. 4th quarter we all know and love. can someone please tell me why? or just change it. that'd  be nice too
George Chip Thayer::How'd you like that clutch win!   Uncle Drew slams the hammer down!
Ryan Sems::So, the homers are all excited about our $5.3 mil./year first overall pick because he's almost averaging four rebounds per game?  LOL
George Chip Thayer::Are you always this hateful or is just something the middle south instills in you?
Ryan Sems::George Chip Thayer  Cleveland sports teams bring out the worst in me.
Ayo Odeniyide::Not sure what Brett Brown was thinking drawing up that play on the last possession. Great Game tho!
Marc Slavitt::it was 0.6 secs,  not much you can do their
Michael Maiorano::No Bynum tonite? oh that's right, he's in a bowling league in Akron on saturday nites.  my bad.
Robert Slusher::You sound like a salty fan whose team's front office got hosed in a terrible trade. Am I right?
Michael Maiorano::Im a Laker fan..nothing close to salty.  We've been in 7 of the last 13 NBA finals and won 5 rings.  Bynum sucks
Prime Minister::Michael Maiorano he sucks but you make it priority #1 to get on here EVERY CAVS GAME TO TALK ABOUT HIM. he really dominates your mind... you really dont know how DUMB you look.
Brodie Wray::finally!!! please, tell me this will get his confidence back!!!
Ryan Sems::Way to go Cavs!  Tied for last place at the bottom of the East already.  Yeah, this is gonna be a magical season alright.
George Chip Thayer::You'll go away when it turns around.
Ryan Sems::George Chip Thayer  What is your definition of turning it around?  30 wins?  LOL
George Chip Thayer::Ryan sulks into the slime marsh as the Cavs won.  The Cavs Win!
Hiep Huynh::dang 33 shot attempts. should have scored 60ish. lol  great win doh
Prime Minister::whos scores 2 points per shot.. nobody does that.
Adrian Rodriguez::I expect the Cavs to beat us this time around to help the tanking process :)
MiQuel Carniel::I feel bad for the 76ers they needed this game, Cavs not so much
Travis Hoffman::Delusional?
Brandon Tigues::sixers gettin the screw job now..this is hard to watch
