ClipsrunLA12::If you are interested in tickets to Clippers games, I am interning with them and so I'm offering discounted tickets :)  Visit this link: https://oss.ticketmaster.com/html/go.htmI?l=EN&amp;t=clippers&amp;o=11268714&amp;g=3739  USE DISCOUNT CODE: Clippers
Clipshow07::Happy to see the Clips play some better D last night, although it still looked terrible at times (4th q especially). Portland playing their first road game had a tough time shooting as to be expected. It's obvious the Clips still have a lot to figure out. They really need to work on some set plays and running the offense better. Too many times they are just bringing ball up the court, everyone stands around and they just pass the ball around the perimeter and then have to take a rushed last second shot. I'm worried Del Negro is not the right fit for this team is desperate need of strong structure, organization and better management of the game, all of which Del Negro lacked in Chicago, which is why he got ran. No doubt Clips are a work in progress, it will be very interesting to see what they can accomplish this year.
AdidasBball413::Good to see the clips big 3 comin up big!  http://theredshirtchrislehman.wordpress.com/
fungusbrain::only one team in l.a. ......................CLIPPERS
kevin77732::read this blog dailysports77.wordpress.com
Jetsfan2324::"Clippers end two game skid" Really, ESPN?
..FIRE NORV TURNER..::Attention haters: Clippers ain't dead.  Much better D tonight, and unlike the Clippers of years past, they weren't fazed when Portland made their big 4th quarter run.  I'm telling you, when the Clippers gel, they're one of the only teams that stand a chance against my Heat in a series.
blazers234::it cause cp3 was huge
MikeVernon87::You own the Heat?
ShiloInn1985::I'm sure the Clippers played a great game. But to me, the story is the Blazers going 3-1 with half of their front court and backcourt basically gone.  Blazers keep this going, and I see them wrecking some teams playoff dreams. If not as a direct participant, then certainly as a spoiler team that rises up every 3rd game to knock a late-season team down a seed, or out of seeding completely.  Basterds..
ClipsRunLA::Good job Clips. Defense is still iffy w the new starting 5. But my god, once everyone starts to defend and rebound cohesively. It's game over cuz the clips will run teams out w their fast break opportunities. Still got a long ways to go before getting to that point. A win's a win. With a Shortened season, can't expect every win to be pretty. DJ played outstanding D on Aldrige!!!! Crawford lit up. CP3 won the game for us. Sorry Blazers, better luck next time.
blazers3333333::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhqKW2XuRTA great call ref, not like you were standing inches away. blazers played terribly for most the game, but come on, superstar treatment needs to stop
thabrandon::Congrats Slob City. You just beat a team without its starting Center or its retired shooting guard. You should feel proud.
..FIRE NORV TURNER..::They were 3-0. Stop hating.
antistratfordian::CP3 is CLIZUTCH!!!
BILLUPS629::Billups should just go to the Heats.  I don't understand why Clippers picked him up only to signed CP3 few days later.  And now this clipper team is facing some internal issues within these guards.  Chauncey wants to be a leader as he always been, yet cp3 is running the show and stealing his spotlight.  And lets not even talk about Mofo.  That foo clearly isn't happy with his role and being as a backup.  He really should wake up and face the reality.  He was only an allstar before when he had Lebron playin alongside.
JimiStreets::The coolest thing about Griffin is that after each of his earth shaking dunks, he doesn't have to pound his chest, let out a banshee scream, or glare at the opposing team. He has exactly what the league needs so badly - class and dignity. I've spent almost my whole life in the gym, either playing or coaching, and the "ghettofication" of the way the game is played has turned off a lot of people. NO! Not because the players are predominately black! Its the lack of the class and taste that professional athletes should demonstrate as human beings. Football, baseball, whatever the sport, class seems to be lacking lately.
Clipshow07::Jimi, I would have to disagree with you here. While Blake was very modest and quiet last year, he seems to have changed his behavior more this year. He is doing more of the chest puffing, staredowns and celebrations after his dunks this year. He is also $@%!$@%! at the refs way too much. He needs to keep his humbleness in check this year although a lof if his braggadocio is well deserved he needs to be careful and reel himself in at this point.
blazers3333333::flopping around isnt classy FYI
sharar09::he does that stuff all the time... especially the glare at other players, what are you watching?
BILLUPS629::CHRIS PAUL IS THE MOST OVERRATED PLAYER.  He is the top five PG, make no mistake about that.  But to say he is the best, and to have the whole espn, the fans, to jump on this bandwagon as if he himself are making the difference to the ball club is a joke.  Chauncey is the leader and has proven already.  Untill CP3 can prove it, no one should say he's this and that.  Anyone can say anything, but prove it first.  I'm a Kobe hater, but I say he's great because he's proven himself time and time again, like it or not.  WHAT HAVE CP3 DONE SON??
blazers234::he's underrated cause he isnt in the playoffs long enough
byeweek21::he lobbied his free agency to finally get on a good team this year which is what Kobe would do every year till he could have team mates around him that could actually give him a chance to win titles
thabrandon::You call the Clippers a good team? They were 18 games under .500 last season. Kobe did not do that every year. You are just trying to make Paul look better by lying.
Soonerhopeful1::Portland does have a good team, to come play like they did in the 4th quarter, impressive.
caseygreer2::Also, this argument is super weird, all you guys talking about judging....why can't we judge paul for how he's played the last couple years? Have you not seen he is a super great talent, who can score, set up teammates, and play defense? What's there not to like?! What the heck does he have to prove. If he doesn't win, a championship but still performs at the level he's performing at now, wouldn't it be obvious that there are other holes on the team that is the cause of losing, not him??? Weird argument, think logically peeps.
caseygreer2::Billups is right, CP3 isn't the best pg in the leage, because he hasn't won a championship like the other top point guards Rose, Williams, Westbrook, and Stephen Curry...Oh wait, none of them have proven what you think Paul should have proven by now either....... Your analysis billups is super short sighted. Remember when everybody thought Dirk wasn't that great b/c he hadn't won a championship, and now he's amazing? The fact is he performed about just as well in his previous playoff appearances as he did last year, the difference is that he got better teammates that helped him to win. Don't judge paul for not winning b/c he was stuck on a crappy team. Jordan, the greatest player ever, didn't even win until he started to get better talent around him. Your arguent is horrible. Paul has proven that he can play by his stats. Maybe you haven't seen them, but they're freaking amazing.
BILLUPS629::Let me break it down for you:  ME:  CP3 needs to prove himself before anyone of us can say how good he really is  THAT'S WHAT YOU CALL JUDGING?????     You're a joke.
BILLUPS629::Tay, you really are not that bright are you?  LOL.  I'm judging CP3 in what way son?  Don't talk smack, prove it
TayCarson::I can talk NBA or X &amp; O's of the game with anyone. Don't need to prove it to you. Callin' it a night. Keep. hatin'
BILLUPS629::Arrogant standards?  Do you even know what that word means??  I'm not implying that having a championship ring is equivalent to being a great or better player.  I just said having to prove what you can do and what you can bring to the success of your team is the best way to justify your value.  You guys are twisting what I'm saying and are misunderstanding my comments as if I'm sayin CP3 isn't an elite pg.  No one needs to debate on how good he is at his position.  But how good is he is the question.  I'm not judging him yet, but TayCarson you are doing just that.  I said Let's have him to prove to us first before we judge him and say he's this great.  As of now, you guys are already saying he's this and that.  SO WHO'S JUDGING NOW????
TayCarson::You still are
byeweek21::TayCarson knows whats up... thank you... the only chance Paul has had to play with decent players besides now (are the Clippers really that talented?) was in an all-star game and the olympics.... And based on BIllups629's arrogant standards Tyson Chandler is a much more valuable center than Dwight Howard for the sole fact that he has won a title
BILLUPS629::I'm not hatin on CP3.  I was never a fan of his and not a fan of the clippers.  The only reason why I watch them now is because of Billups of course.  And I'm not being bias or anything since without a doubt CP3 is more talented and effective than billups at this stage of his career.  But what I am sayin is that while CP3 is one of the best at his position and some of the things that he's able to do in the past, he still has a long way to go to prove that he's as good as what people like you are thinking of.  I wouldn't put Kobe as the top ten player in the history five years ago.  Now I would.  Simply because he's proven to be one.  If CP3 achieved that, I'll say that he is this good.  Untill then, save it....
TayCarson::I don't think he's a god by any means... not a fan of the clips or CP3. Just sayin' to withhold judgement until we can actually judge him on a fair field.
BILLUPS629::Tay, apparently you didn't get my assessment.  I wasnn't judging on the four games that he's been playing.  Please read my comment closely.  Nowhere in the previous comments did i mentioned about what CP3 did in the past four games.  I was simply talking about what he have accomplished vs the things that he hasn't.  And I was giving my take on what I feel he is overrated and how a player have to prove himself first before given that kind of respect and title.  He is good of course, but he's not great like what all these fans here are saying.  And that's just the truth.
TayCarson::Well you should probably make the assessment based on this season and his future on the Clips, because the only other talent he has played with is a great shot blocker and a mediocre PF that he turned into an all-star. Give the guy a chance to mesh with some talent for god's sake and stop acting like your synopsis is undeniably true
BILLUPS629::I don't think it's "ridiculous".  CP3 has always shown he got talents, he got skills.  He has always been able to become the top pg in assists year after year.  And if you look in that aspect, he is contributing the team's success by distributing the ball to his teammates.  But the reality is it's not just about that.  You have to be a full floor general at all time and in all area.  Furthermore, CP3 has only been able to carry his Hornets once that close in the playoff.  That Laker series you're referring to, well lets just say the Lakers shot themselves on the foot more than anything else.  And lets not forget about the playoff series two years ago when the Hornets got beat by the Nuggets in what turned out to be the largest margin of point differences in the history.  They lost to the Nuggets nearly by 40 points.  CP3 as the captain, as so called best pg in the game, should never had let that to happened.   Period.
TayCarson::It's 4 games into the season. Relax.... they wouldn't even be through pre-season at this point. These guys are held to such high standards that having an off night seems inconceivable for people that post on here.  Most guys are still getting into game shape... CP3 hasn't played with too much talent in his career, so give him a chance.  I'm not even a Clippers fan, but just sayin'. Your analysis IS ridiculous for 4 games in
BILLUPS629::Portland have yet to face a good team so far early in this season.  In tonite's game, Clippers outplayed them most part of the game.  It was the Clippers that lost its urgency in the fourth quarter to let the Blazers to come back and cut it that close.  Frankly, if Billups was playing tonight, that kind of nonsense would not occurred.  This is the kind of example that shows the importance of a veteran leadership.  CP3 is still learning that...
TayCarson::The Blazers, much like the Clippers, have a roster full of people that have never played with each other. I think it's a little early to critique anyone.  There were good moments for both teams, but generally sloppy play.  I think your analysis of CP3 is ridiculous though - the guy knows how to win games, as evidenced last season in the playoffs where he carried a horrible Hornets team to a near upset of the Lakers. Ray Felton needs to clean up the turnovers - just because you want to run doesn't mean you need to force bad passes. Blazers beat themselves on turnovers, and the Clippers capitalized enough to get the W.
BILLUPS629::Billups can provide what CP3 can in most aspects of the game.  What CP3 has over him and most other guards are his "flashy" passes and dribbling techniques.  But if the game is won by the extra bells &amp; whistles, then the Harlem Globetrotters would probably be the best team on earth.  The point is you can  do all the things that the "Lob City" would luv to see, but it is meaningless if you can't have more W on the winning column.
caseygreer2::Wait, what is billups better at than paul? Shooting? Don't think so. Defense? Not anymore man. Passing? Not a chance. You seem kinda bias chauncey.... lol
byeweek21::do you not remember CP's first run in the playoffs????  he destroyed a good mavericks team by himself, and then went to a game 7 against a really superior Spurs team.  It will be interesting to see what Chris can do with actual playmakers around him and a veteran like Chauncey to provide guidance
BILLUPS629::zootallday13:  clippers are better without billups?  and how so?  Billups have proven that he's a winner.  Last time I checked CP3 never even advanced to the first round of playoff.  And looking through the entire Clippers roster, not a single player on the team have achieved what Billups have.  Chauncey may not be the same player as he once was, but there are reasons why the Clippers picked him up.  He has proven that he can make the team better.  Whether it is with the Pistons, Nuggets, and Knicks, Billups have made his teammates better.  The Knicks are already missing his presence and probably regret letting him go.  So you're either too young or don't know enough about basketball to make such remark.
zootallday13::clippers would be better without billups
TayCarson::Good analysis 4 games into the season. So many ridiculous comments from people that know nothing about basketball
Danny0621::No way dude for as good as CP3 is he has not been to War like Billups has and when it comes down to the playoffs he will play a major role in getting this team what it wants, which is a playoff birth and wins.
BILLUPS629::CP3 is good and it certainly helps the Clippers with his presence.  However, he has to be one of the most over-rated player.  If he is as "great" as how everyone is describing to be, the Clippers shouldn't have the record of 2-2 at this point.  The truth of the matter is, it's a team sport, and CP3 isn't a dominant player like Rose and Kobe in which just one individual can have great impact to the team.  He is among the top PG in the league.  But there is a difference of an all-star player that he is versus players that can not only put up even more impressive numbers but also capable of single handed carrying the team on his own on a CONSISTENT basis.
byeweek21::yes cause as the mavs proved last year you need a team full of all stars in order to win.... wait that was the heat.. whoops
Hair Clippers LA::Mo williams had more assist then Chris Nut sack.
TomiRG::you mean chubby twinkies lover CP3?
Antsea91::Clippers are a joke.
Soonerhopeful1::Aldridge is pretty good, but 19 points on 21 shots...?  That's not great..Griffin getting 20 points on 11 shots, is more like it.
Soonerhopeful1::Griffin getting five turnovers when usually he is great as to control;.. I credit all five Griffin turnovers to a great Blazers double team,, They blindsided him in perfection from behind 2 or 3 times and with Aldridge quick hands knocked balls away.   Effective double team got those turnover..!
phenry529::Blazer fans still hating on Griffin for getting the All Star spot over Aldridge. LMA had a bad game, Griffin had the better game. Clippers won. Just accept it.
blazers234::5 turnovers for blake
TectonicPlatter::Alright time to head out. Later.
PortlandBlazers1004::Let's just hope Wallace can redeem himself when he plays Durant and help us out with a win.
blazers234::blake griffin gerald wallace please send those 2 in a cage and fight it out would be a good fight
laxfiles::Okay we get it you're a blazers fan.
mike_sully::griffin would just flop and whine the entire time
PortlandBlazers1004::Wallace is too thug. Blake will end up crying for David Stern.
TectonicPlatter::Lakerster you know you look like a d-bag by correcting Dan...even though it's obvious he is baiting you in on purpose right?
wayde1213::power rankings top 10 should be   1 miami as much as it pains me 2 okc 3 bulls 4 portland 5 orlando only below portland due to stinker in opener 6 spurs 7 atlanta  8 denver 9 pacers 10 lakers only have lakers here because of 6 games in week 1 wtf
mcase94::gerald wallace went off
Willywalka11::"I've been a clippers season ticket holder for 3 weeks now"  -clippers fan
phenry529::you'd be surprised how many loyal fans the team actually has. bandwagon fans are just an unfortunate result of success(for now, the hope of future success). but Clippers fans are known to be loyal, and have stuck with this team for many, many, many bad seasons. let us enjoy ourselves, we(the loyal fans) deserve it.
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::and who like there own comment cough cough lakerster
_Lakerster_::<b>*their</b>
wayde1213::power ranking comeout tomorrow if the blazers are not top 7 then i call b.s lakers and clips should not be in the top 10
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::whats up with laker fans when there team loses and the clips win they get mad and they start to troll on the clips blog
_Lakerster_::<b>*their</b>
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::dont laker fans have to be a buying a box of tissues since there team lost
_Lakerster_::<b>*their</b>
gt1master_ike::To You people who keep bringing up record s The hornets started 8-0 last year and were the last team to lose last season  Its too early to know who is good and who isn't so i wouldn't be boasting over a hot start.
Willywalka11::thanks ohgeez, i thought it was self explanatory
Willywalka11::actually, the heat were the last team to lose last season
gt1master_ike::Willywonka are you stupid or just slow??
TectonicPlatter::We're talking about the regular season not the post season.
ohgeez11::Joke, hes talking literally. they were the last to lose as they lost to the mavs
TectonicPlatter::Not sure what that has to do with his comment but okay.
blazers234::joke right
zootallday13::why does deandre jordan get so excited when he dunks? it's the only thing he can do
Willywalka11::what else does he have to get excited about? his SAT score? lol
zootallday13::blake griffin doesnt get that excited
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::but not better than his blocks
TectonicPlatter::He also knows how to brick free-throws.
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::there pretty great
zootallday13::they're alley oops from chris paul, probably the best passer in the league
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::the $@%!,y is gone lakester
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::wow
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::so you admit that ur a faggggot
_Lakerster_::<b>Try again, this time, in correct English.</b>
TectonicPlatter::LMAO!
JerridLM::OMG shut the fu ck up.. Portland lost. A LOST IS A LOST. Quit crying.
Reemers18::ha, wow. just never post again.. this is why our nation is behind costa rica in education..
JerridLM::Lmao i shut up.
kflur03::whos cryin??
wayde1213::no one is crying just mentioning that the clips barely held on at home to a team that could not buy a bucket for 3 qtrs.
Willywalka11::LOST is a popular tv show. i think you're looking for the word "loss"
JerridLM::Lol i know. &gt;.&lt;
_Lakerster_::That's right, a lost is a lost.
adonley77::clippers all time record: 1207-2123. lakers all time record: 3084-1891. lakers: 17 championships. clippers: 0 championships. players in the hall of fame who were ever on the clippers: 3. players in the hall of fame who were ever on the lakers: 23  when you mention the lakers to a clipper fan, they get mad. when you mention the clippers to a laker fan, they laugh.
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::ps its loss
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::lakers know a lot about loses
wayde1213::blazers 3-1  lakers 3-3  gsw 2-2  clips 2-2  whose the best team out of that bunch
phenry529::way too early to tell anything. the clippers have been together for like 2 weeks now. it takes time to learn to play together and develop chemistry, and playing the bulls, spurs and blazers as 3 of your first 4 games is a very tough start to the schedule. a 2-2 start, considering the circumstances and the difficult schedule, isn't so bad.
gt1master_ike::Its too early to determine that. More games need to be played before you get a clearer picture of which teams are good and which teams aren't.
wayde1213::true but as of right now the blazers then the lakers would be the best of that bunch
PortlandBlazers1004::So on nba tv, the announcers voice cracked hen he was saying lob city. Are they up the clippers a hole along with espn, stern, and the refs?
bowdown295::$@%!$@%! $@%!$@%!$@%!$ TIMEOUT GIVEN TO CHRIS PAUL. IT WAS A $@%!$@% TRAVEL AND DIDNT HAVE CONTROL OF POSSESION WHILE CALLING FOR TIMEOUT PLUS OUT OF MOTHER $@%!$@% BOUNDS. GIVE ME A MOTHER OF A $@%!$@ BREAK REFS.
gt1master_ike::That was a travel(not called) but his off hand never touched the base line
TayCarson::Yea that was a pretty big missed call. Not saying the Blazers would have won if that had gone the other way (they had their opportunities to win anyways), but those refs tonight were pretty bad on both ends of the floor. At least we didn't have Violet Palmer
wayde1213::jinx willy you owe me a coke
wayde1213::if you were watching on the replay his whole arm was past the baseline when he called timeout
Willywalka11::are you serious? I invite you to rewatch that play. His WHOLE hand clearly was over the line palm on the ground
gt1master_ike::He was never out of bounds and he actually lost control of the ball at one point, put one hand back on the ball then called timeout.
Willywalka11::when he put his hand on the ball, his other hand was out of bounds. and losing control doesnt make it not a travel, thats like saying you can pass it to yourself
wayde1213::his hand was out of bounds on the ground there for he would be out of bounds just like if he stepped on the base line
bowdown295::what about his travel? His foot slid a good couple feet.
wayde1213::was an odd call it is what it is though
JerridLM::You mad bro?
bowdown295::yeah i mad but you f a g bro
TectonicPlatter::And now breathe.
Willywalka11::chris paul could take the ball and walk out into the concessions and get a popcorn and call a time out and the refs would still give it to him.
wayde1213::lmao best comment all night
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::LAKERSTER AKA CLIPPSTER, HEATSTER,...... DONT BE FOOLED BY IMITATIONS!!
Reemers18::ur crazy man... ur crazy... i like you though but ur crazy
_Lakerster_::I am me.  <b>FACT.</b>
BillyCrashCraddock::Too may gay guys on here.
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::lakerster is the biggest one
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::u mad bro that the gaykers lost hahahahahahahahahahahahhaha
_Lakerster_::<b>Gaykers?  What are you, 8?  Flagged.</b>
PortlandBlazers1004::The Clippers played great and the Blazers had 1 1/2 players actually playing good. I'll take this loss as a sign that Blazers are the dark horse in the west. I will also take this as a sign that the Clippers won't make any noise this season if they could barely beat a Blazers team that was missing open shots and easy lay ups.
TectonicPlatter::That was mean..lol.
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::flag the f.uck out of that f.aggot
_Lakerster_::<b>Flagged.</b>
wayde1213::being 3-1 after 4 games i will take it. beat okc and then home for the lakers where they come to die more often then not
JerridLM::Blazer fans complaining about Gerald Wallace not showing up and $@%!.... Clippers didnt even have Billups!
JerridLM::Billups shoots better then Wallace....Lol. Dont know where you get Wallace shoots better.
wayde1213::better scorer then my bad
JerridLM::Billups would make a biiig difference... Not saying hes better then Wallace. Just saying he's important to the Clippers
s2000oholic::&lt;--------the look on my face when i read your comment
wayde1213::wallace is way better then billups as he is our starter no comparison
wayde1213::starting sg ok wallace is a sf still no comparison, wallace better scorer rebounder post defender. billups older, more experienced and maybe faster he also shoots the ft better
gt1master_ike::Billups is their starting SG
dan johnson red sox killer go rays::told yall he was bill
