Minnysota Vikings::.
tzewong26::I think nets is a very balance team, they need to be more together. Joe Johnson is like loosing his identity of the pure scorer....lucky Gerald Wallace n Lopez is picking it up. Coach may not bring this team to the potential...they can be the biggest challenge to heat is plays right compare to Knicks....
alexhernandezh::Note to Deron: if you read these blogs, thank you.  How things just play out is incredible.  Seeing you and getting you to autograph my jersey (your number at that) is pure greatness.  Just a coincident you and I were at the same place and time.  You have just made me one of your greatest fans.  From a diehard Knicks fan.
nba is the worst::Kinda hard to lose at home with a 30-10 ft margin - that's SERIOUS home cookin' - even after subtracting the 8 at the end on intentional fouls it's 22-10
Mr. Nut Job::Hex?  Sounds good.
lakers2013champssssss::,                            ,     /                              \ ( ( __- ^ ^ - , - ^ ^ - __) )     ` - _- - - '    ` - - - _-  '       &lt; __| o `   'o | __&gt;               \     `     /                 ) :   : (                : o _o :                   " - ".     Bulls win it all
belfeliandre::The Eastern Confference is a joke of a conference: 10 teams fighting for 8 spots! The other teams are garbage.
Ahmad4456::Not that much of a joke when Miami wins the title. Which they will.
alexhernandezh::Heat will not win this year.  Not that the team isn't good.  I just think the Thunder is not going to let it happen again.
nba is the worst::It's going to be just like 2007 for the heat - swept out of the 1st round!
Mr. Nut Job::Ahmad4456 - Not that much of a joke when Miami wins the title. Which they will.  They do amaze at times.  It is nice when they are Lazy though.
jeff050578::The NEW JERSEY Nets were lucky to play a struggling 76ers team.  They are the NBA's version of the Arizona Cardinals. Very good start but wont finish the season at .500. Book it.
djny2k12::You are right they won't finish the season at .500.......they'll be better than .500!
Porkchop8920::I predicted 47-35 with a 5 or 4 seed before the season
11Marcin::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made between 2-3K a month profits using this systems picks. You will find this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have be on sports for years and this system is one of the better systems I have ever seen
leerey14::10-30 in free throws. Right there folks. Is why the nba sucks.
nba is the worst::So true
Porkchop8920::Rezo and djny are fake net fans
djny2k12::Glad you recognize my posts...been following the Nets for a very long time!
Mr. Nut Job::djny2k12 - Glad you recognize my posts...been following the Nets for a very long time!  Well!  He wasn't being very nice to you!
Usarmy236::I think richardson needs some tine on the bench because right now hes useless
CARMELO4LIFE14::lol
CARMELO4LIFE14::hey
Cool Sun 13::So nets get 30 free throws while sixers only get 10. Oh yeah, this game was fairly officiated. The nets would've easily lost this one if not for the refs.
nixourbis::sixers are among the bottom of the league at FTA, and they fouled the nets a lot at the end of the game also
phunky58::why the helll is marshon sittin on the bench, avery is an idiot
Rezo201::If you're going to make $100 million you better be scoring about 24+ or have 12+ assists per game. Along with some good D. D-Will is playing like an average player, not like a captain who just signed a monster contract.
Rezo201::Can someone explain to me how D-Will plays almost 40 minutes and only takes 11 shots. I think that is his season average also. So we paid him $100 million to take 11 shots and average 7 assists? Yeah, that doesn't like the team got the better part of the deal.
koke35997_::Jrue tho
Selling Rafts So Fans Dont DROWN in Jordon Bronners Tears::Shut up
Beanslams46::We want our Andrew Bynum!!!!  --Sixers fans
Hmarko90::starting line up played well
iambenyew::Incredible:  The Nets actually win a third quarter.
ynot1825::philly is useless....the one time i root for them they stink as usual
JrueRandallHoliday::Please don't "root" for us again, please...
b4373::LETTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NETTTTTSSSS
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::This team really isn't as boring as i thought, but too bad they are as good as i thought.. 6th-8th seed this year, maybe next year they will mesh better or make the right changes (AJ)
Stephen 45::gotta trade humphries, hes really bad when hes on a good team. trade him for a quality player with an expiring contract. cant trade him til january 15th though
joeman1146::im thinking trade him for a backup center. and move blatche to starting pf. Like Demarcus Cousins. Imagine Lopez, Cousins, Blatche, Evans? Thats a tough/versatile team there.
Porkchop8920::That's just not very realistic
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Always thought that, maybe trade him for somebody who can stretch the floor a bit more. Should help out Dwill nd his struggles getting him a 4 who can attract **some** attention
jacob1967MN::I have been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months now. Ive made around $3000 a month average since I started following this system. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet for years and this is one of the best systems I have seen.
depinach::I love doug collins but that was some very questionable coaching
Xiu Li::I had the over :-).
iambenyew::LOL of all the easy bets out today you chose an over in a game coached by doug collins versus avery johnson?  you're lucky!!
MafiosoSpaghetti::rofl how did the over won???? unreal....$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
NETS CHOKE ARTSIT::NETS WILL ALWAYS FUCKKING SUCK
Xiu Li::Loser.
potato623::Curtis Blair is the worst ref in basketball, many that guy was terrible. Almost as bad as Violet Palmer
iambenyew::they got nothing on haywoode workman
NETS CHOKE ARTSIT::NETS WONT MAKE THE PLAYOFFS FUCKKING BUMS
NETS CHOKE ARTSIT::NETS WILL ALWAYS FUCKKING SUCK
NETS CHOKE ARTSIT::SUCK MY DIIICK BIIITCH UR TEAM FUCKKING SUCKS,FULL OF FUCKKING CHOKE ARTIST
KMartKidd56::You mad.
Xiu Li::Stop posting, you dummy!
djny2k12::Humphries: DNP.......must've done something really awful to be in Avery's doghouse  Don't worry Hump, celtics are comin to town!
NETS CHOKE ARTSIT::THIS REFS R FUCKKING RIGGED,THEY FUCKKED WITH THE LINE THAT LAST 50 SEC KEPT CALLING BOGUS CALL ON DWILL
Xiu Li::Nice win, bring on the celtics.
Darryl1459::Good game
NETS CHOKE ARTSIT::FUCKK YOU NETS U GUYS FUCKKING SUCK,OVERRATED SRUBS CANT BELEIVE I LOST MY FUCKKING PARLAY
Gdepp94::You sound mad.
etony332::What is an ARTSIT?  I had under 186.5. I'm not happy either.
Mets2410::haha don't bet on sports only bad stuff happens when you do
Mets2410::ok good Nets won
Boyanime::This was a hard win for the Nets
djny2k12::I'll take it...it takes all 48 mins to get a win.
AGermanTaco::Finally won one!! Broooklynnnnnn!!!! Nice game 76ers
djny2k12::Nets need to work on free throws!!!
ganggreengaingreen_oww::well... 7 more road games to go.... get ready to get back to work sixers
IggyIsClutch::Good game
fckbuckner::just lost so much money because of this under. thanks $@%!$@%!.
SeanKelley5::Don't bet on sports scumbag
davidwanglikesitbig::what who made that shot to make it 90-92? it's not in the play by play?
Mets2410::it was Wright
davidwanglikesitbig::...
SeanKelley5::Turner
SeanKelley5::Holiday
IggyIsClutch::Wright
Boyanime::Lets see if the Nets choke
Boyanime::Holiday should have a double double with his ast to Dorell
NardVa::Free throw attempts 3 to 1 in favor of the Nets...a team should win every game with that type of free throw advantage...
steve_cronin61::contested J's dont win games
djny2k12::If philly was aggressive going to the basket, they'd get calls. However, majority of their shots were all jumpshots.
