Matt Cauthen::Just TANK it! Please Bulls... if you got any sense at all.. just tank tank tank!
Manuel Mata::The bulls should tank this season.
Matt Gubler::You win this time Chicago... But my Jazz are still far ahead in the tank battle.
Chris Tylka::hahaha!
Adam Youman::fear not. we will catch you for we are  THE CHICAGO BULLS
Matt Gubler::Too late to the game... Get used to the idea of a Jazz logo on Jabari's chest.
Brian Blackowicz::As a Bulls fan, all I can say is GO JAZZ!
Jay Zee::Why?  Is is for tanking purposes?
Robert Santana::Looks like the Heat will be celebrating a 3 peat. The Western Conference will beat itself up in the playoffs with teams like the Spurs, Thunder, Rockets, and Timberwolves getting into wars while the Heat will probably win every series 4-0 or 4-1 until they get to the Eastern finals and have to beat the Pacers in 6 or maybe 7.
Jonah Swidan::Don't get too cocky now, season is long
Leon Debeljak::Dont really that the wolves are going to make it into playoffs...thunder,spurs,warriors,clippers,rockets,blazers,nuggets,mavs,heck even grizzlies even tho they lost marc for a couple of months...we will see how they lakers play when kobe returns,so far 3,4 teams will battle for that 7th or 8th spot...
Jonah Swidan::I don't see the Nuggets making it honestly, but you may be right
Taylor Manes::Hey the good news is we may get a high draft pick were competing with ny knicks and bobcats! TANK FOR WIGGENS! RIGGEN FOR WIGGENS BE SORRY FOR JABARI!!
Marcos Kolioulis::the knicks pick would be going to denver
Will Bernanke::I do not think the Bulls could score 100 if they played 5 on 4 all game
Kyle Miller::Yes!!!!!!! Thanks Jazz.
Leland Wong::Terrible news for the NBA and its fans-----ROSE. The man has worked so hard to get back into form and even increased his vertical jump by 5" and his right knee have to give out with a meniscus tear. He was on his way to being a super star. May miss the whole season again.
Will Posters::agree. there are idiots out there who will try desperately to find a reason to hate him, but true fans realize how special he is not only as a person (by star athlete standards) but on the court
John Keros::Rose, his doctor, mgr & brother all said his not playing later last season was not due to physical.  That means no healing & reinjury concerns.  Bulls weren't winning a ring?  Guess CP3, Blake, Zach, P.George, Carmelo all should've sat.  Rose, his doctor, mgr, brother all said Rose' sitting had NOTHING to do with physical.  That means no healing, reinjury concerns.
John Keros::Rose cheated on the SAT (paid $100K for it to go away), flashed murderer gang symbols, & reneged on a Good Housewives TV appearance agreement.  The producer said Rose sent someone else to the front door to tell them he wasn't going, leaving them hanging & costing them $$$.  Then he sits healthy.  Rose, his doctor, mgr & brother said sitting was not due to physical.  That means no healing, reinjury concerns.  No title shot?  Same with CP3.
Eddy Saleh::Bulls please trade deng if u wanna get paid like an all star play like one every night .
Andrew Fuehring::A loss to the Jazz is a perfect way to show everyone we suck and just need to tank.
Jonah Swidan::With how weak the east is, I don't think this Bulls team is bad enough to be the bottom feeder in the east
Trevor Hennington::Jonah Swidan Thats definitely true.
Jonah Swidan::I still think you guys will get 2nd in the Central which is good for 4th-7th seed
Will Bernanke::Bulls are getting shut out in overtime by a team with 1 win,  talk about a hopeless franchise,  I really do not see any reason they should finish out the season,  start the playoffs tomorrow with Pacers, Heat, Spurs, Clippers, Thunder,  does anyone really want to watch ineptitude like this?
Chad Wiggins::wait is this the team that said they dont want fredettes services... lol ok 68 points with 5 to go...   fredette has scored as many in a 40 min game almost..... no way this team should be able to act like a scorer like fredette couldnt help them... thats laughable
Will Posters::I also feel bad for Stacey and Neil... They were excited to finally watch some D-Rose style basketball, and now they have to watch the Bulls win every other game vs a bad team 82-75
Andrew Fuehring::This is just pathetic, I see the Bulls are tanking already, and I gotta say I have no problem with it.  Other than Rose and Noah the Bulls have just about nothing.
Jonah Swidan::Pacers fan here, but I want to ask a question.   Do the Bulls blow up this team and start fresh, or do you guys keep the core players and hope Rose will come back next year?
Raj Patel::Restart the game
Jonah Swidan::Raj Patel you think?  You guys still have the amnesty but I believe only Deng or Boozer are the only ones that can be right?
Raj Patel::Jonah Swidan deng is deff gone for picks or young players, and boozer will be amnestied...
David Ben-Shah::Never before have I heard the word TANK  in the NBA. This is ridiculous play to win!!!! Good win last night:-D Go Jazz.
Angel Lizardo::Heat fan here  Just wanted to send my condolences to bulls nation. I wish you guys the best this season and i hope that rose makes a god like recovery.... somehow
Will Posters::same. First time is like oh whatever no big deal. but less than a month in tearing up the other knee... Good luck D-Rose, don't give up
Joey White::This is a better Bulls team now that Rose is gone.  It was so much easier to game plan for a team when you got a guy hucking up 20 shots and making 30% of them.  I pick Bulls to win in a blow out.
Will Posters::Every win statistic since Rose was drafted, every offensive statistic, and even defensive ones all prove that the Bulls are much better with D-Rose. I can only hope for your sake that you're just trying to rustle some jimmies
Joey White::Will Posters I'm talking about this year son.
Donald Grimm::Will Posters  I think Joey is just talking about this year. Because DRose was awful in the few games that he played in.
Steven Anacker::This is getting crazy. The West has 3 teams with losing records; the East has 12.
Jeff Hupp::I know I just saw that.
NRV 2012 15 National::It appears that if a team finishes in the east with 35 wins (that's 35-47), they'll make the playoffs.  smh.
Marcos Kolioulis::how are the knicks even worse than this bulls team hahaha
Lester Avellan::The bulls suck again. Good luck in lottery pick. Lol.
Riley Skeen Gisseman::The Jazz don't win a game, the other team loses it.
Mike Shea::lol you guys lost to the Jazz...Go Pacers!
Jorge Bouza::They lost to the Jazz but they spanked your Pacers.
Jonah Swidan::Jorge Bouza just before the Pacers spanked you guys, but no matter, the Central has already been decided 14 games into the season.  But Mike their is no need to rub it in, I already feel bad for Rose's injury.  I was hoping for a competitive season against the Bulls for a fight to the division title, but now the Pacers only focus is getting homecourt and derailing the Heat
Jorge Bouza::Jonah Swidan Iam a Heat fan, notice the picture, thats the team thats ended your season two years in a row and like Larry Bird says, " These guys are soft"
Raj Patel::go jazz!!!
