sportsdruggie::B. Jennings baby, B. Jennings.
suchita36::Why does not John Henson gets more minutes.  Most efficient player on Bucks.
tmoneyinmphs::Toronto coming back to reality.  Losses in 5 of their last 6 games.
IamMrBob::The Bucks have a nice squad now I hope y'all make sum noise in the playoffs - Rockets fan
jakeprimetime::great team win!
arvinramroop::Bargs played fair enough last night :)
parafal::Lowry 10/10/10/5 gets no story?
d_bokk::it was the quietest triple double I've ever watched, don't even think the Bucks announcers noticed
dwighthowardsamazing::Nope his team lost
TDOTNATION22::GG, Bucks fans/ I hope to see Bucks 6th or 7th seed to face the Knicks first round. Pacers are too good, Heat too. But Knicks. you guys can beat them.
arvinramroop::now you know raps are out of the playoff race?
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Pacers or Knicks is fine with me.  Anybody but the Heat.
TDOTNATION22::Our playoffs chances has died yesterday, Still that doesn't mean need to start tanking. We actually need to develop JVal and Ross to get better, and also Bargs to himself again. Through all those delevopment we still need to get W. is still better than a lost. Next season it'll be a great year for Raptors fans. Lowry+DeRozan+Gay+JVal, and off the bench TRoss. This is a tough team to beat next year. 5th or 6th seed team.
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Amnesty Bargnani and go after another big.  PG SG and SF are solid.  And JVal should development nicely.  Amnesty soft Bargnani and go after a PF in free agency.
TDOTNATION22::Im pretty happy the way the Raptors fought W/O Rudy Gay. Bagnani actually played well in the first half. Our bench did an excellent job Lucas and AA for that comeback. DeRozan had an off night since there's no Gay Bucks double tea, the whole night and put Luc Richard on him. Overall we played excellent/ The bench needs to play like this when Rudy Gay is on the floor.
kenfort100::You all Bucks fans are going to love JJ.   As a Magic fan, I was very disappointed to see my favorite player got traded.  He may not be a flashy player, but he plays very smart basketball.  As everyone knows, he's an excellent shooter.  But what most people don't realize, he's a great passer, helps spread the offense, and, although he probably can't play 1-on-1 defense, he knows how to play smart defense (closing the passing lane, forcing them in a different direction, etc).  I'm not a Bucks fan, but I hope to see them do well with JJ.
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Right on
YogaBeer::19 assists by Jennings is worth at least one wOw!       WOW!
DTN2071::dwayne casey is a clown i would LOVE  to ask him why JV only played 11 minutes today
dog_has_fleas::3-1 since Redick was acquired. While they might not get higher than a 6 seed, he has clearly locked them into the playoffs. I know most Bucks fans think it was a dumb move but if they keep him and BJ, I think they will be better off than with Ellis.
lakurz rock::when i read "bucks ride monta ellis in overtime" i picture a scene involving a couple of very horny deer, an empty can of deer scent, and a wide-eyed ellis on all fours... not pretty  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khKrd1RNy2U
d_bokk::^lakers fan
Bucks_fan_for_real....::That explains it
korn7860::Man, this game was just flat out awesome too be at, loved seeing a bunch of the Mascots in the BC as well.
Hairy and Heavy::They almost lost to a Gay-less Raptors squad. The Bucks are awful.
WiscoMase23::troll city
sweet_lew09::lol kyle lowry 10-10-10
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Gotta catch Boston for 7th.  Maybe the Raptors can catch Boston for the 8th seed.  I would rather see Toronto in the playoffs than Boston.
gri400::nah we're done this year. should have better year next year though
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Panties
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Great game
gri400::for all the hate I/we give bargs... i'm going to give it to adam bloody lind just as much during the jays season
gri400::anyway... i gots to go. see ya next raps game buddy :)
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Go Craps!
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Really, well turn go ahead and turn him into another Ricky Romero... You killed what could have been an ace pitcher into a borderline minor leaguer
gri400::RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE - Don't forget the hyped blue jays last season. They were supposed to be contenders last season as well. You might have known that.  And you fancied yourself a true fan. And if you truly were there, you would have recollected.  hey if you "saw" all these threats made to ricky on these boards you would have seen me as well :)
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Don't forget the hyped blue jays last season. They were supposed to be contenders last season as well. You might have known that.  And you fancied yourself a true fan. And if you truly were there, you would have recollected such a crime.  And some scumbag even today on these very boards said 'somebody please shoot Anderson.'  I think it was DABU-TDOT  Yeah, scumbag fanbase
gri400::but i thought i was just a bandwagoner? why would i have been on these boards when they sucked?  shame people were saying send him to the minors, no one said anything about threats, i'll sit here and wait for your proof again though :)
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::LOL you know what your Toronto brethren were doing. Those boards were loaded in the art of scumbaggery.
gri400::prove it :)
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::I started to realize that Toronto fans were mostly scum when they were calling for death threats on Ricky last summer. Most were calling for trades, but a lot (a scary amount) joked about death and him.
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Go away troll
gri400::awww you're making things up now, your trolling game IS stepping up
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Sure, justify the death threats about Ricky.
gri400::nah i support ricky, lind is a very different story though, but you'd know that if you'd come on a jays board before :)
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Yo lets talk in the group about the game.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::80% of the reason the Bucks won is Bargnani played most of the OT. He gets abused and is non-existent on defence. If our GM didn't make sure he played we put JV in and we might win.
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::But we would have had a better chance
gri400::jonas playing 11 minutes was the biggest crime tonight
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::There are more problems then Bargnani. We still would have lost if Amir didn't foul out.
tabbeeze83::bogut softer
Bucks_fan_for_real....::I don't care about Bogut.  Glad Milwaukee traded him.
tabbeeze83::anderson got you to overtime but then sucked badly
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Quit ragging on Bargnani.  What about bricker Anderson? Turnover machine Lowry? Slow in transition defense Derozan.  It's not all on Bargs... You Raptors fans just can't wait to Boo another player away.
gri400::RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE - gri400 - it wasn't played in toronto, no pizza  read my comment again. I said 'IF'  oops i missed that, no biggie :)
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::gri400 - it wasn't played in toronto, no pizza  read my comment again. I said 'IF'
gri400::it wasn't played in toronto, no pizza
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::You can take solace in the fact that if this game was played at the ACC... You'd have a free slice of pizza to forget about the loss.
gri400::DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT - That is what I am saying don't agree with the trolls. He has no idea what the heck is going on the floor. Don't ever agree with a troll like that tho man. It justifies all his BS. He is a lonely loser that wants to start stuff with us and you just gave him justification. You feel me?  yeah i get it man, just tonight was more then bags blowing it tonight, though he did play a big role in it... as usual
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::That is what I am saying don't agree with the trolls. He has no idea what the heck is going on the floor. Don't ever agree with a troll like that tho man. It justifies all his BS. He is a lonely loser that wants to start stuff with us and you just gave him justification. You feel me?
gri400::a sh!tty spot shooter. he sucks at everything
gri400::DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT - Gri400 takes back that comment. He doesn't agree with your troll BS.  i half agree, it wasnt all on bargs tonight. that i agree with, the rest was junk
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT - .......... you are a troll man. You obviously don't watch the game for what it is. When Amir fouled out we were down 3. Bargs goes in he is non existent on the floor we lose by 10. JV goes in?? He is hard under the basket and can set perfect screens etc we could win with him at C  -----------------------------------------  It's the coaching.... They have bargs come off curl screens looking to pick and pop and run to spot and hit a running jumper.... He is a spot shooter
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Gri400 takes back that comment. He doesn't agree with your troll BS.
gri400::Bucks_fan_for_real.... - Bargnani blows.  Carter and Bosh actually made the Raptors relevant.  Bargnani makes them worse and is the softest big man the NBA has ever seen.  and we have a winner!! right on man
gri400::you've made one point tonight. a new high score i guess
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Bargnani blows.  Carter and Bosh actually made the Raptors relevant.  Bargnani makes them worse and is the softest big man the NBA has ever seen.
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::gri400 - as much as i don't with you, you've finally made a point here. This game isn't all on bargs, it was a combined team screwup tonight  ------------  This is what I'm trying to expose.  Fake Toronto fans, that don't understand why they lose games. Most Toronto fans just point the finger.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::.......... you are a troll man. You obviously don't watch the game for what it is. When Amir fouled out we were down 3. Bargs goes in he is non existent on the floor we lose by 10. JV goes in?? He is hard under the basket and can set perfect screens etc we could win with him at C
gri400::as much as i don't want to agree with you, you've finally made a point here. This game isn't all on bargs, it was a combined team screwup tonight
EKast2012::Congratulations Bucks, you nabbed the #8 seed for the second time in four seasons.  Fantastic.
MafiaYang::A 6 seed you fuc.kin moron troll go grab your welfare check
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Better then being in the lottery every year
clos3187::actually they were the 6 seed in 2010
tabbeeze83::still lots of time 4 games behind atlanta 3.5 behind nets and bulls. nets are falling as well i see a 7th seed.
sjohnson2013_08::Look at the popular topics. http://www.nba.com/ Heat have no fans?
sjohnson2013_08::The bottom 6 teams should create pool their players every year for a Euro league Team. Call it Motivational something.
JairusHawkinns::Maybe Jennings is really changed from getting benched. 19 assists is really impressive.
xavier41196::What alien form took control of brandon jennings so he could have 19 assists?
tabbeeze83::have the bucks lost since we got reddick? cant remember maybe to atlanta, i think.
Beersnbucks::Could have done this before if the Bucks would shoot 50% from the field like they did tonight.  He has games like this where he focuses on feeding his teammates and they just don't shoot well.    Tonight every single player had a good shooting night except for Jennings.  Adding Redick helps our pg a lot because he spreads the floor and shoot at a high %.  Doesn't matter if it's Ellis or Jennings running the point, either one can have games like this going forward.
tabbeeze83::sam cassel
gri400::nice
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Awesome.
sjohnson2013_08::New Rule Petition 2. Consecutive Bottom 6 appearance teams are forced to play one full season in the D-League.
tabbeeze83::4 games behind atlanta for 4th spot
tabbeeze83::3.5 behind nets
Bad Hair Line Man::Raptors need to play like millionaires
Hairy and Heavy::You're nasty
suchita36::Toronto is a beautiful city.
Bad Hair Line Man::outside of toronto is pretty rural
EKast2012::30 years ago, north of Steeles was rural.  Not anymore.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::False. All around Toronto and Toronto itself is congested Americanzed real estate.
suchita36::Love that country look.
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
sjohnson2013_08::Put Raspberries On Some Titt.ies.
Beersnbucks::Preferably Alexandra Daddario's.
Hairy and Heavy::Whats that mean.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Yo gri400, TDOTNATION accept my group request for Raptors MOB
jimflox74::lmao
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::aha really?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I will invite you. You understand why I am guarded though. I don't want anyone else saying they knew the Raptors were going to be title contenders other thanRaptor fans. We have a sick team.
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::I think I am lol
gri400::invite him :)
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I didnt invite you because I am not sure if you are all in on the Raptors. I only want real Raptor fans in the group
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::im in it to
gri400::for sure right?
gri400::you put this on my profile?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::That is what I was thinking. I wanted to create the group because this Raptor team is going to be a contender for years to come. As soon as BC gets fired and Bargs is gone we are a top 4 in the conference team plain and simple.
gri400::that pretty much covers everyone i think
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Good. I invited gri400, arvinramroop, 99brom, TDOTNATION22, laytonwasasocialist, KLOE416, jays hit moonshots, DTN2071. All the guys that show up to support the Raps. I am gonna make sure they all join to.
gri400::and... i'm in
gri400::cool, yep just found it :)
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I made a private group and sent Invitatons to all the real Raptor fans that show up every game etc. I figured we could have a place to post and chat without trolls or any of that stuff
taco bell surprise::raps are a far better team then  the 4 - 19 start and not as good as they were  last week. the team needs to grow together and  trades when appropriate . primo  gotta find a place on the team or he will be selling primo  back in italia
sjohnson2013_08::New Rule Petition: 1. Bottom 6 teams do not qualify for the NBA Lottery.
SFEST13::Who is better between Henson and Mbah a Moute?
tabbeeze83::henson moute cannot score at all. good D though
TorontoSportsDynasty::I'm ok with the loss. Didn't have much hope this season anyways. Looking forward to next season.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Yep that is why Toronto sports teams suck. Your attitude. Good work man!!!!!! Keep drinking the Kool Aid and buying merchandise
Bad Hair Line Man::Honestly no one should attend the Raptors home games even if they hand out free tickets
420Legendz::i know
gri400::over 18,000 a game, that aint changing anytime soon
gri400::and everyone goes home happy
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Refer to my above point.  You guys draw 18,000* a night.  Raptors fans get free tickets and root for free pizza
gri400::everyone loves free crappy pizza, it's why we draw over 18,000 a night
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Well then, quit trying to say your team has a great fanbase...  Because they don't They are as fake as Miami and LA's  They care more about breaking 100 points and getting pizza
gri400::good for them
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::You know, many teams say their arena is sold out to look good.  Many teams give away tickets to inflate attendance records.
gri400::we're fashionable like that, raps have always had support though, not hard to look up
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Let's be real, 18,000 tickets are not sold, nor are 18,000 seats filled. Be real. Watch the next game and see all the Raptors fans dress up as seats in the 200 section and above.
gri400::it wasnt in toronto...
420Legendz::looked like 6,000
Goon5832::I want Jennings gone he seem like he doesn't care about playing iN.  milwaukee post game proves it
b.fochs::Hammond better sign &amp; trade him
tabbeeze83::he thinks he is going to get a max contract from a contender. not going to happen
tabbeeze83::next year
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::When does his contract expire.
420Legendz::Well he only beat the Raptors not like it was the Pacers or anything.
tabbeeze83::exactly
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE  Says we Bandwagon the Jays, while we live in Ontario. Smart guy.
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::He probably can't do better, considering he probably has a lower iQ then a Infant
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::You can root for other teams. You are just proving my point. Jumping on the bandwagon because everyone else is.
RAPTORS ARE THE MOST PATHETIC FRANCHISE::Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity - I like three Toronto teams. I live in Canada but I live 15 minutes away from Michigan so I like the Wolverines. The Eagles suck. And Man City is a team I've liked for years. Good luck next time big guy.  =====   1.Canada doesn't have an NFL Team and if they did, you'd be on that bandwagon 2. Soccer is gay 3. You like all the Toronto teams because EVERYONE ELSE in Southwest Ontario does!
gri400::apparently you're on the raptors bandwagon
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::I like three Toronto teams. I live in Canada but I live 15 minutes away from Michigan so I like the Wolverines. The Eagles suck. And Man City is a team I've liked for years. Good luck next time big guy.
tabbeeze83::what other team does someone have to root for if you live in canada? no more expos, do canadians root for nationals?
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::Nope. Maybe people who liked Montreal
gri400::i dont know any who do
gri400::he can do better, this is still 2nd rate trolling IMO. kinda funny actually
Bad Hair Line Man::Young Stephen A.Smith
tabbeeze83::listening to sparky on 1250 postgame show. he is so negative.
drat4567::Mbah Mouteeeeee MVP!!!
tabbeeze83::listening to sparky on 1250 postgame show. he is so negative
Goon5832::Raptors still got a chance to go to the playoffs lol
Bad Hair Line Man::stop it u troll
sjohnson2013_08::Can somebody explain why this game has no highlights?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Raptors vs. Bucks. Do you think ESPN wants this game to even exist???
jeff050578::it will in a few minutes
Bad Hair Line Man::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
EKast2012::If this system actually works for you, why would you advertise it??
brehmevan::What's up, LeBron?
gri400::well a guy with an avatar said it so it must be legit for once
King of Ubertown.::"Milwaukee. What a wasteland of misery"  -Siberia
b.fochs::Don't feed the troll.
sponsoredbytwinkie::kind of like being in a relationship with you I bet
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I have been makin this statement after games for the last 2 weeks. The NBA is about to be turned on its head. The Wiz. Cavs, Bucks, Raptors are going to be the Kings of the East (other than Miami) for years to come. Young players with TONS of upside on all the teams. David Sterns worst nightmare is about to come true.
EKast2012::Cavs maybe.  Not the other teams.
