adam_keefe_fan_forever::As much as this loss disappoints me, all in all I'm really not that bothered by it. Yeah, the Jazz just made it really really hard to make the playoffs, but considering where they were at the beginning of the season, considering how much they've grown and how many elite teams they've trashed, considering the amazing rookies they have, and considering Hayward's transformation into a serious offensive and defensive threat on the court...all these things in mind, what isn't there to be excited about in the future?  Still wanted this win though.
Snakes222::F # &amp; * ing JAZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  So hard to be a fan of this team.
lamriverside11::ramon sessions vs CP3!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDXdnZpxqQ4
oczonie::So much for the naysayers thinking Nash is old and in the twilight of his career.  What back issues?
ghettoslider::we arent human beings on a spiritual journey.. we are spiritual beings on a human journey.. -joseph smith
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Greenshoekid::How bout that Suns fanbase in Utah? Go Orange! 7 in a row!
CBass1317::Great win tonight at home Jazz.  You guys look like playoff material.
scow79::But the Jazz didn.......Wait a minute.   I see what you did there.
Jazzgoob::I wanted to see some Ronnie Price action tonight WTF.
cyphen2005::Me too,,,the Suns have so many pgs, not counting ArronBrooks.. Im just happy to see Redd puttin up some points off the bennch, but I can understand why u wld like to see Price..
scow79::It's not hard to figure out.   He's bad at basketball
cardsownthewest::Good game Jazz fans. Didn't see much of it. Bring on the Nuggets!
cyphen2005::Nuggets are going down!!! Go Cards!!!
scow79::Favors - 4/7 for 9 points, 8 boards and 2 blocks in 15 minutes.   Jefferson - 7/15 for 16 points, 7 boards and 1 block in 37 minutes.  Come on man!!!
cyphen2005::He's one of those players that look good when hes the star of a team..
cyphen2005::Just like with Amare.. with out Nash and the pick n roll Amare is nothing
cyphen2005::Ur right.. with Nash dishing to him wld be huge..
scow79::Disagree.   As much as I believe in the powers of Nash, Jefferson is incapable of running the pick n roll.    He's far too slow.   D-Will isn't as good as Nash passing the ball, but he's still pretty damn good and he couldn't do anything with Big Al. Big Al's whole game is in the post and iso jump shots.   He's a high volume shooter who doesn't get to the foul line.   Awful combination...
cyphen2005::As a Suns fan, I have allways like Jefferson,
scow79::It's because he isn't on your team.  I always thought he was a good player on a bad team when he was in Minnesota.   When he became a Jazzman I started realizing that he's a big part of the reason the teams he's on are bad.   The Suns move the ball crazy good right now.   Put Jefferson on your team and that will all go away.  And he's on par with Boozer as far as defense goes.
Jazzgoob::Gotta give props. Suns fans are classy.
cyphen2005::Lol.. believe me I have been waiting for a Ring from my Cards since Neil Lomax, but I still love AZ so I just drink, and it helps coupe
Jazzgoob::I think Real Salt Lake has one championship lol.
Eric62748::The Jazz have a championship in the ABA
cyphen2005::Go D-Backs!!!!
cyphen2005::Hey.... we are classy, we have never been band wagon jumpers..  we have always been faithful, even though our only Championship has been with the D-Backs.
Jazzgoob::Well most.
AceyUT::gg phoenix..  as much as i hate losing to the suns, ive gotta respect nash.. dude is money.
WTDAHeck::In Nash we Trust
cyphen2005::Now I just need a Nash Jersey Auto, with my Kurt Warner auto, and ill be set
Nashmaster3000::love the jazz fans talking some ish before the game now there no where to be found
Nashmaster3000::someones a little frustrated about the game ^^^^^
tcrisis::Shut the **** up nashmaster
cyphen2005::THey make it like they just lost the playoffs, there still more games
Nashmaster3000::how you doing
Nashmaster3000::hey
zprince3::Hello.
scow79::Favors only getting 15 minutes tonight should be criminal.   He's the Jazz' best PnR defender.   Since the Suns run the PnR what seems like 90% of the time, you would think Corbin would want Favors in the game defending it.
zprince3::My Jazz just aren't giving it their all out there consistently, aside from Millsap.  Watching him try to win the game alone I almost feel like he deserves to be on a winning team or where more teammates care.  Well played Suns.  You have my respect.
cyphen2005::Ur right Zprince3,  tough schedule ahead, Friday is a big game against the Nugs.  Now Im routing for the Bucks
zprince3::Well if it's working, keep it up.  Hate the Knicks.  Major bandwagon team, especially this year.  Good luck in the playoffs provided the Nuggs or Rockets fall out.  You have a tough schedule ahead.
cyphen2005::I say that because I hate the Knicks, I put a hex on them, thats why their all injured lol
cyphen2005::But there still in it, Im a Suns fan, but lookat the shi**y East Coast, all of us wld be in the playoffs if we were in the East
Nashmaster3000::Nash wont leave were going to the playoffs beating spurs first round and then he resigns with us
rolando77::They're probably just going to check him into the boards again.
cyphen2005::That was the best game,   U know our nemesis has always been the Spurs.
hints21::Dragic beating the Spurs in the 2010 playoffs in game 4 in the 4th quarter all by himself.....memories
ZonaRado::That was a sweet game
cyphen2005::I believe he will, I wish we would have kept Dragic
ChimeraSynth::Agree. We still have rights to Brooks though so I guess that worth something.
LilDwayne21::The Suns are going to make it to the Playoffs. I can feel it. GO SUNS!
higgibop23::who finished the game Watson or Tinsley?
Doc Emmett L Brown::Tinsley
Eric62748::actually is was Watson who ended the game... Tinsley started the 4th quarter and Watson came in with like 4 mins left
Arizona_Sting::Well, Im out. Later fellow Suns fans. Gotta keep the winning streak going in Denver! Go Suns!
cyphen2005::Im keeping my fingers crossed
Jazzgoob::Yeah beat Denver for us.
cyphen2005::See ya AZSting
OSUMcCoy.348::Love seeing Michael Redd playing well, especially with my suns! Shazaaam!
cyphen2005::Hell, our trainers can bring back Wilt form the grave
zprince3::Be cool to watch him pull a Grant Hill
cyphen2005::Once our Trainers ( the best in every sport) heal him back to his old days. We will have another allstar
AZ D-Backs all day::im demanding a trade to the Suns for my player in 2k12... f*ck the pacers!
cyphen2005::But then again, once Colangelo left, Starver pisses me off, shld have resignd  Joe Johnson, Shawn Marion, we shld have kept the team we had in 03-04
cyphen2005::Totally agree,  I bet deep inside he regrets it,  our trainers kept him healthy, and now hes just a PF thats about it.  No highlights anymore
cyphen2005::I was a huge Amare Fan but when you would rather have the NY status then winning a champion ship, with one of the best PG, giving you between 20-50 points a game, making you an allstar, and leaving because of 1 year,  IDIOT!!!
AZ D-Backs all day::he went for money and fame... and now hes on a mediocre team and his stats are WAY down compared to his time on the Suns
cyphen2005::As lon as the Pacers beat the F**** Knicks... Amare is an idiot, shld have stayed with the suns.
AZ D-Backs all day::word
zachrlee::If the Suns take care of business tomorrow and the Rockets lose against the Lakers, the Suns will jump to the 7th spot; Denver and Houston would be tied for 8th. Michael Redd has shown his All-Star form in the last couple of games, and Nash needs a lot of those outside shooting options. This is an amazing rally, and if the Suns are able lock in on a playoff spot, they've overachieved all expectations. Let's go Suns!!!
ZonaRado::Exactly, too true...  GO SUNS!!!!
Doc Emmett L Brown::I hope the Suns can pull it off, but they are going to have an even tougher time than the Jazz of doing it.
Meet-The-Forkers::I'm off. See ya guys!  Go Suns
Arizona_Sting::3-0 without Hill now right? 4-0 counting the time we beat the Clippers without him.
AceyUT::phoenix has a decent bench, depends on how they play..  from a jazz fan..   dudley is your wild card..  dude can be money.
Nashmaster3000::we lost to the clippers the 2nd time with out him
cyphen2005::Again I have to say , Im happy Michael Redd is on our team.
Meet-The-Forkers::yip it's weird. Our bench is steppin up
cyphen2005::Good to see the bench stepin up
ZonaRado::Our bench needs to learn to score more
Arizona_Sting::HUGE. If they play good we win. Period.
AZ D-Backs all day::what?! Grant Hill is going to be a guest analyst on Friday!
cyphen2005::Im still wearing my Grant Hills. Hes the man.
drewg1984::I just farted.
AZ D-Backs all day::everybody farts.. even chicks that deny it
Meet-The-Forkers::Keep him warm
Arizona_Sting::Great win for us! This was a MUST-WIN for us vs a VERY good team at home. GG Jazz fans and GL.  GO SUNS!
ZonaRado::Hey Nash, if you leave the Suns next year I will still have love for you
jeffwawa::He's a good guy, I'd be rooting for him if he wasn't playing against the Jazz.
jeffwawa::I much rather have the Suns in the Playoffs than the Nuggets. Even though the Nuggets got rid of everybody I hated.
prizefighter25::agreed.  it'd be great if the suns and jazz both made it and houston and denver didn't.  that would take a miracle though
Meet-The-Forkers::Redd is a veteran! He has big games! nuff said
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
scow79::LMFAO!    Funniest message of the night
Doc Emmett L Brown::Just tell her it's a guy thing.
scow79::My wife is looking at me weird.   Haha
Doc Emmett L Brown::I'm glad. You had three good ones last game. Glad I could take the reins.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Look at that picture, you ivory rascal!
MittEaters::If Nash pulls this group of dregs into the playoffs he has to be in the MVP discussion.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Well, that's about it for this season. Don't tank, Jazz, but don't plan on making the playoffs sans a miracle. Good game though.
jeffwawa::Whatever happens this season will be good for the Jazz, we miss and we get good picks and reload for next season. We make it and we get good experience for our rookies.
Jedward80::If the Jazz do miss the playoffs it will be the  last time for a long time.
scow79::We just have to win 3 on the road.   Come on, stranger things have happened
SUnsBestINtheWesT::suns make the playoffs, nash HAS to be one of the front runners for MVP.  Right?
Doc Emmett L Brown::I love Nash. He is my second favorite non-Jazz player in the league, but this year he isn't even in the running for MVP.
Powemby84::but without Nash, the Suns are arguably in the running for the top pick
MittEaters::Agreed it will be LeBron or KD, but Nash should get some run. This is a horrible, untalented team.
drewg1984::No, he needs to score more. And making the 8th seed isn't all that impressive.
Powemby84::it is when you consider he's playing with a bunch of guys that probably couldn't crack Kentucky's starting 5
ZonaRado::I doubt it, he already has two
AZ D-Backs all day::should be especially with the talent (or lack thereof) around him, but it either goes to Durant or LeBron regardless of how the Suns do.
TubbyTime334::Nash is Incredible but you are stoned.
TubbyTime334::Redd Is Bossing it.
cyphen2005::Coming off the bench with wut hes putting up , with the time he plays, hes bossing for sure..
prizefighter25::it'd be bossing if he played like that consistently
prizefighter25::haha... Redd.... what a joke. a lot of luck involved there but wouldn't call it bossing
TubbyTime334::Jealous Of The Bossing?
BarkBarkForPig::has he been doing well lately or was this his first good game?
TubbyTime334::Last few he has
cyphen2005::So how bout Michael Redd, with the health trainers we have lookin to see him back to his old days.
Chuloflow::Suns beat Nuggets they're in the playoff standings ???????
drewg1984::Suns have the biggest homers for announcers I've ever heard.
Powemby84::how about the turds who do the White Sox...they're so bad, they're actually entertaining...LMAO
drewg1984::Rule of thumb = If the announcers try to convince you that your team is 2X better than it really is and that every player is iconic.
AZ D-Backs all day::if you live in AZ you should know the announcers
drewg1984::I live in AZ. Leander always does this and whoever his sidekick is.
AZ D-Backs all day::they didnt do that...
drewg1984::Chicago's got pretty bad ones too. I hate the ones that straight up insult the other team.
AZ D-Backs all day::moron... every teams announcers root for their team
AZ D-Backs all day::exactly.. I bet you dont even notice the Jazz announcers bias.
drewg1984::Your bias doesn't allow you to see their biases.
AZ D-Backs all day::well its meant for only suns fans to listen to so it doesnt matter.. if im watching some other teams network on TV I expect them to be biased towards their team..
Doc Emmett L Brown::Rooting is one thing. I don't have a problem with home announcers rooting for their team. But some announcers take it too far to the team and fans' detriment.
drewg1984::I've heard many, and these guys are over the top.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Theirs are pretty bad, but not the worst. Houston's are the worst, Sacramento is a close second.
Magician.Johnson::Favors 15 minutes....why?
higgibop23::who finished the game Watson or Tinsley?
scow79::Especially with the way he plays the PnR.   He needs 25+.   I think we're like 7-1 when Favors gets 25+ minutes
scow79::I think it's actually the opposite.   Corbin is misguided sometimes in thinking Big Al always gives us the best chance to win
BarkBarkForPig::that's something you can't ignore. you think we're tanking?
BarkBarkForPig::seriously though? letting talent like Favors sit on the bench the whole game is ridiculous.. what did he get still, 9 pts 8 rebs?
scow79::Especially with how Big Al was playing.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Now THAT is ridiculous.
Spursdc::Losing by 1 basket hurts more than losing by 20
Spursdc::O.k, one basket. You know what I meant
prizefighter25::especially when the same thing has happened now two home games in a row
BarkBarkForPig::hell yeah it does, especially when you are a tenth of a second away from making a buzzer beater to send it in to overtime
reginaldjenkins1::How does losing by two feel?
AZ D-Backs all day::what about 2 points
scow79::I'm okay with it as long as it's a good game.   Losing by 20 is not a good game to watch
Spursdc::When good teams lose by 20 it's usually a fluke. When you lose by a basket you've given it all you got and loss
Doc Emmett L Brown::Disagree. Losing by one all you did was lose a game. Losing by 20, you lose the game and your pride and dignity.
Templar Knight1010::nash needs to play more what the $@%! its driving me nuts
ZonaRado::he's old, give him a break
AZ D-Backs all day::he has a set rotation that the coach keeps to keep him fresh.. he cant go out and play 40 minutes anymore
Doc Emmett L Brown::You trying doing what he's doing at 38-years-old.
thawk_79::All i know that the suns are making that run!!!!!.
Reggie da king osteen::the pheonix suns are on the rise
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Learn how to spell the name of a major city. And Phoenix,like all city names,should be capitalized.
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::No, the PHOENIX SUNS are on the rise
Chuloflow::Suns beat Nuggets on friday they take the 8th spot ?
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Frye's bankshot needs to be on the top 10 plays. Lukcy or not that was ridiculous.
PhxSuns0331::the funny thing is stuff like this used to happen AGAINST the Suns all the time...it's nice to see the tables have turned.
AZ D-Backs all day::same with nashs game winner
cedrichoman::tweet it
BarkBarkForPig::maaan that one stabbed me in the heart, play tough defense to get that! haha geez
Meet-The-Forkers::hey fellow Suns.  Some guy on the Denver board is hoping Ty breaks Nash's ankle. I challenge you to go on and defend.
cedrichoman::there is no hope young padwan
Shoaib88::doc is right. that time traveling F***
Doc Emmett L Brown::Great scott!
Krossman41::we got your back!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Sounds like a 13-year-old. Ignoring 13-year-olds is probably the best way to deal with it.
scow79::Sounds like a Denver fan
BarkBarkForPig::that's just such a ridiculous thing to hope for, no need to defend
Doc Emmett L Brown::OK, what is with all the Jazz fans blaming the refs? The Jazz didn't guard the 3-point line, came out to start the 2nd half with no energy whatsoever and didn't get back on D all game. That is why they lost. I really hope the only Jazz fans blaming the refs are pansy BYU fans. They do not speak for the rest of us.
jeffwawa::Doc must be a Ute fan.
prizefighter25::the real reason the Jazz lost is because the Suns were chuckin up threes and getting lucky.  Frye's 3-pointer at the end was a joke and there's no denying that
ZonaRado::Respect
reginaldjenkins1::Haha, this BYU fan thinks the refs definitely blew some calls but I still can't believe my suns pulled that off!
BarkBarkForPig::cool story bro
scow79::Agreed.   You can't blame the refs for everything.   Jazz still have to step up and make the plays they're supposed to make
BarkBarkForPig::well said doc
AZ D-Backs all day::we dont win if frye doesnt throw up a prayer and bank in that 3 lol
ZonaRado::Crazy, loved it anway...
Meet-The-Forkers::He has had a few crazy backboard shots this year (from 3)
Magician.Johnson::Its not why did CJ take the shot, the question is why was a contested 3 in the corner the best play Corbin could draw up?
Jazzgoob::I wish CJ didn't exist. He is the Jazz's cancer.
BarkBarkForPig::do you think that was the first option? it could have been the inbounder who saw that as being the most open.. shoot i dunno
BarkBarkForPig::yeah well we watched the game in Atlanta and saw our skill level of making clutch shots..
Magician.Johnson::Everyone else was standing still in the paint
