Patrick Foote::people say PG > KD.   PG is a star, but you never see guys like durant, lebron, or even melo put up duds like this.
Brandon Tigues::he's good but people jumped the gun calling him a superstar, he's averaged at least 20 ppg for the first time in his career and he's a superstar? but carmelo's been doing it since his rookie year and people still isn't sure if he's a superstar..I don't understand that
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao those who say PG> KD are idiots his not on KD  level
Steven Rivera::Brandon Tigues Agreed but people love to hate on Melo and he shouldve won the Rookie of the year award after turning Denver around his Rookie year
Ram Aguirre::I was waiting to see how Hibbert would perform against a team that could match him down low in terms of size. 2-12 shooting and 4 rebounds says a lot. Detroit's front line exposed Indiana a bit. Detroit matches up well with Indiana and it could be problematic for the Pacers in the playoffs. Hibbert looks like the 2nd coming of Shaq against smaller teams but struggles with teams that can match up like tonight.
Aaron Hoover::Wait!  The Pistons make the playoffs????  Oh wait, this is the east
Geoff Starling::Aaron Hoover - I'm not exaggerating for homer purposes when I say the pistons have the making of a very good team, they havent had just East teams down. They've had 6 losses this year against winning teams where they led the entire game but collapsed in the last 5 mins. A lot of that is having a bunch of new players and Jennings just learning how to really be a PG. I do see improvement though or I'd be worried. Maybe Cheeks does have a magic touch with PGs. Jennings still hurt us down the stretch some, but not much and he waited longer to start choking... improvement.
Ram Aguirre::Aaron Hoover - It's possible they have real good pieces to make a run. I can see them being the 7th or 8th seed. I'm not saying that the Pacers aren't a great team to this point but in terms of match-ups they can give Indiana a run for their money if they were to meet up in the postseason.
Eric Bell::Pistons have showed that they are a very underrated team with their strong performance against the Trailblazers last night, and their outstanding performance tonight.
Josue Tamarez::Add to that the fact that they have beaten the best two teams in the league AT HOME. They are better inside than Miami and Indiana.
Josue Tamarez::And I am saying that as a Heat fan. This team is growing before our eyes.
Matthan Schrock::Josue Tamarez .... Best two teams = OKC and POR
Ed DeSalle::Werent the Pacer fans laughing at the Heat when Detroit Won in Miami? DIGGITY DIGGITY! Pacers ARE LOSING at Miami Wednesday! BANK IT!
Ed DeSalle::Heat 1 game back after Wednesday!
Aaron Hoover::Do you always like your own posts?
Ed DeSalle::Aaron Hoover Not me
Ayn Bland::lolololol! Pacers lose to Detroit at home after all that rest?  I can't wait to hear the excuse for this one.
R.W. Zeller::"It was really cold outside!"
Alan Ogg::their tractor broke?
Ray Waterman::Your Mom was there just wearing work boots and an eye patch. Tell me that's not distracting.  Pacers coming for the win in Miami, keep your mom at home please.
Ed DeSalle::UH OH Indiana! Here come the Heat!
Jason Peters::Indiana=ZERO HEART
Kyle White::Pistons did a great job. Coming off an OT loss they outplayed the Pacers and clearly wanted it more. Pacers had plenty of rest so there shouldn't be any excuses we just got to prepare for Miami on Wednesday.
Jose Klatter::Yes, because Miami is way prepared for indy you can bet on it.
Greg Norfleet::Gotta agree with you, Detroit played a really good game defensively and Josh Smith actually hit his jumpers.  PG has had 2 bad ones in a row, hope he gets it going on Wednesday.
Kyle White::Jose Klatter I have no doubt on that and if Pacers play like they have been for the past few games that game will be ugly.
Jonah Swidan::Watching the news at work, Christmas came early for a ton of kids this year and their families with a hot holiday meal for kids that got good grades hosted by David and his wife Lesley West.   True class act, and I just keep getting reminded why I think the Pacers got the best free agent in the 2011-2012 season!!  On and off the court!
Bill Ryan::George had a terrible game of 4/14 but still way better than kobe tonight: kobe :  4/14  -  0-5 3pters   -   5 turnovers
Steve Blesson::Talk about a standard...
Treyvon Carter::Lets face it paul george is a poor mans scottie pippen/t-mac
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Tmac's offensive game was far superior to what George is right now. Paul george can not handle the rock or make plays for his teammates like T Mac could. I won't even talk scoring.
Treyvon Carter::Ikenna Nwaghanata thats why i said a poor mans t-mac
Jay Zee::Ikenna Nwaghanata  Nor does he have the offense or defense of Scottie Pippen.  George is star but come on man Pippen is legend (granted OP said poor mans Pippen so I see what you are saying).
Jeremiah Jones Sr.::Alan ugg
Michael Gilmore::My brother Alan Jones love for Pacers since day one. Gotta b happy
Matthan Schrock::Well, that does it. Portland is better than Indiana. Better record in a better conference, beat them head-to-head and...  Blazers AT Detroit on a back-to-back (plane landed at 3am) = Blazer’s win. Detroit AT Pacers on a back-to-back (OT loss to Portland [see above]; pacers with two days rest) = Pacers loss  … and Batum goes the dynamite. #RipCity
Brent B Jacoby::blazers barley won. pistons gave them the game (took them overtime).....blazers are not going any where in the playoffs
Marc Pascal::Oh geez....smh
Nate Roeder::This was a trap game for the Pacers with the game with the Heat on Wednesday. But if you wanna say you're the best team through 25 games go ahead. Let's see who's on top after about 100 games.
Dakotah Kintigh::Pistons are looking alright this year. You have to remember that this team has just been put together. I don't think they are near championship quality, but I do think in a week east we could end up with a nice seed and maybe give the pacers  or the heat a tough series later in the playoffs.
Geoff Starling::Unfortunately the best the Pistons can do is the 5th seed due to the Pacers and the divisional playoff rules.
Madhusudan Kannan::No, Geoff. They can get the 3rd seed. Atlanta is the 3rd seed, and they're 2nd in the Southeast. And if they finish 5th and have a better record than the 4th seed, they will have HCA
Tony Hartmann::Geoff Starling Those rules need to be changed IMO.
JD Scott::Biggest win of the NBA night but it doesn't make ESPN's NBA front page?  Odd.
Rodney Bryant::Detroit has beaten the top 2 east teams on their home court....never saw that coming
Matt Crampton::Pistons got better this yr, but Pacers still best in the league.. Pacers win 95-87
Jake Pool::That's gonna be the score after 3qtrs! No defense tonite buddy
Ryan Lee::Portland is better than you, deal with it.
Wyatt Urbahns::reassurance post on other team's board......
Marc Pascal::Wyatt Urbahns Blazers fans sure are desperate for recognition lol
Daymeon Craig::21-3!!!
Joseph Frato::In the last 2 weeks the Pistons have beaten Miami in Miami...Chicago in Chicago...and now Indiana at Indiana...go figure....are they going anywhere in the playoffs? No....but don't take them for an automatic win anymore...
Zach Winiecke::Navi Saluja true but we hadn't beat them at home in like 7 years or something lol
Jason Peters::Who the Pacers got next,? I think ill F them up again and bet on them. Just because of a few lame Pacer fans on here crying. Seriously, this is the first time of any NBA fanbase that I have been greeted with such vaginaism. Seriously fat chicks need loving too? And you few insecure Pacer fans are just the ones to give it to them...
Aaron Hoover::I like drinking as well
Ben Lunceford::Say what now? You can probably bet on them for Miami cause that's probably a loss anyway. I'm not superstitious tho and I'm a Pacers fan. Bet however you want.
Kent Hiquet::I mean if you enjoy wasting bets just to spite a few fans on a message board to make yourself feel better then go right ahead. (Even though it has zero affect on anything) I've also been told after several game by opposing fans that we have some of the nicest fans. Telling them where the best places are to eat, grab a drink, eTc. So if you're going to let a few kids on a board make you judge an entire fan base than go right ahead again, I guess.
James Incredible-Jackson::Great win. Are we (Pistons) Finals bound this year? Of course not. But it's games like this that show we have some potential.
Jason Peters::TOLD YA!...Indiana players all need to go get heart tattoos over their left chest.. Even though I am bad luck I really cant believe Indiana lost this game..
Alan Ogg::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH  HAHAHAHA  HAHAHAHA.  OH MAN. Where da pacer fan boys at???
Chris Nealis::Good game, Pistons fans. It stayed interesting until the end. We just couldn't keep up the shots or D when it would get close. Nice win.
