Chad Wiggins::dirty officiating
David Rowlison::Not a fan of either team but lmao @ the people blaming the refs
Seth Jaspan::The worst officiated game I've seen this year. Westbrook falls down after kicking Thompson and its a foul, Bogut with a clean block and he fouls out. Westbrook is getting the ultimate star treatment tonight anything even close and he's getting a call.
Chase Adkison::Oh please, they've been mugging Durant all game. How about don't shoot 60% from the line and you win.
Darren Kehrli::Chase Adkison Doesn't change the fact that the ref 37 did everything he could to get OKC a win.
Sasha Vujacic::Chase Adkison Mugging Durant BAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Chase Keep Drinkin Pal, you don't have any brain cells to lose.
Ayn Bland::Okay, everyone ready?  One..  Two..  Three..  BLAME THE REFS!  Try it; it makes you feel better.
Darren Kehrli::Watch the out of bounds replay, it's physically impossible for Klay to have caused that spin, as his hand was going in the opposite direction, Ibaka's hand was moving the direction that the ball started spinning, it's physics, warriors should have been given that ball. If you couldn't see the ref bias in that game, then you're legally blind, and should really get yourself checked out.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::Darren Kehrli if u didnt see lee travel on every single time he pump fakes and then runs then ur legally blind, and should really get urself checked out
Simon's Quest::The funny thing is you're simply biased. We were complaining about the refs half way trough the game already . not knowing the final result. We don't blame the ref because we lost. We are cunts like you
Chad Leith::They are giving this game to the Thunder.  The refs are calling all fouls on Ws and really only the absolute blatant ones on KC.  Total bull.
Daniel Stone::Get used to it man.  This is the most ref protected team in the league.
Willie Woodberry::Golden State missed 9 free throws, but most of their fans are on here crying about the officiating???
Darren Kehrli::KD shot 7-22.
Travis Burrow::Plus they were 8/26 from beyond the arc. Unusual
Chelo Mejias::HOOAH!
Seth Jaspan::Westbrook gets away with a blatent foul on the rebound that would have been called the other way and drains the winning 3. Whoever the official #37 won that game for the Thunder, he is the 3rd best player on their team.
Desmond Lim::Also, dude's foot was on the line if you pause the recap at 1:29.
Austin Robinson::Desmond Lim They reviewed the play, it was a 3. they showed a camera angle that definitively showed it was a 3. and Westbrook got all ball on the rebound and went straight up when he went for the rebound so no foul. leave it to GS to stay classy in defeat.
Desmond Lim::Austin Robinson then i retract my observation, a 3 is a 3, unfortunately the replay i watched seemed like it was in 360p =/
David Rowlison::Going to leave you guys with some legit reasons why GS lost tonight: David Lee 2-12 Klay Thompson 5-19 69% ft shooting
Shawn Bento::Where are the Westbrook haters now?  HAHAHAHA
Steve Broome::Still pointing out that he's shooting 38% this year?
Aron Zoltan Laszik::Steve Broome but it doesn't matter if he makes the last shot
Shawn Bento::Steve Broome, you do realize Westbrook had offseason surgery and didn't have a preseason to find his shot?  Of course you don't.
Jason Flores::I would love to congratulate the Thunder for barely winning against my Warriors, but there is no way I could. Those guys(particularly Durant and Westbrook) flopped their way to a win. 23 out of 27 free throws by those two? Shame. Warriors had a great game but when you have two superstars on the opposing team getting "superstar" calls, there's no way. Warriors did miss lots of free throws though, I will say that.
Steve Broome::I love how Westbrook was still complaining to the refs the whole game despite getting all those calls. He's a scumbag and Durant is a pansy.
James A Jones::Am a warrior fan but we are just to soft to win road games like this!!
Chase Adkison::Seriously?  Westbrook got those fouls on drives,  KD's crafty at fouls. Maybe if your team took its questions from Barnes and attacked more instead of just shoot jumpers.
Anderson Daniel::Russell just shushed everyone who claims he's not an elite player.
David Rowlison::I thought he was overrated until I saw how OKC was without him...won't doubt him again
Steve Broome::He's shooting 39% FFS.
David Rowlison::Steve Broome Yeah, he's coming off a torn ACL
Chad Leith::Why do we watch this shite.  Pay money, when the games are steered like they are.  GS fouled on the rebound over the back.  jesus christ.  NBA should be ashamed of themselves.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::then stop watching
Chad Leith::huh?
Chad Leith::I think i know what you mean?  But if you actually watched this game, there was no question that the Refs wanted this game close and were on the side of the home team.  It was not any more obvious than any game i have ever watched.
Chad Wiggins::same bald official with the fourth  garbage bail out call in a row... he is being paid for his services tonight by someone other than the nba
Eddie Sneeh::His calls have been one-sided all game long!
Chad Wiggins::Eddie Sneeh dirty ish man... i swear it is really making me think he is on the take... i listened to how tim donoughy said he would very subtle call calls to change the outcome of the game and the way he described how he would cheat is exactly how this guy has called it in the fourth
Chad Leith::Eddie Sneeh All NBA games are adjusted by the refs to keep the games close.  They have a bent towards the home team, but if you look at the crap that gets called in favor of the star players, and you take away the free throws given by those bs calls, those players wouldnt be as big of stars.  Just look at Durants number that amount to him being a scoring leader...more free throws for points than anything else.
Nils Headley::Exciting game. No complaining about the refs. We needed to make free throws.
Latece K Christmon::Let the losing team fan crying commence.
Steve Broome::Half the people here complaining aren't even Warriors fans.
Norber Montalbán Carmona::Steve Broome is right, not a Warriors fan but it was obviously bad officiated.
Latece K Christmon::Norber Montalbán Carmona Just other team fans who hate Thunder, same thing.
Shawn Bento::We meet again Dubs... No Iggy to bail you out this time.  ;)
David Rowlison::The Warriors take a ton of shots from beyond the arch, of course they're going to have less free throws. Use some common sense people.
Steve Broome::Yeah it's not like the Thunder are a jump shooting team lmao
David Rowlison::Steve Broome The Warriors are specifically known for 3s are they not? Put the bias away
Rich Lee::"That was a great last play. How many drinks did they spill before they came up with it?"- J. Kidd.
Juan C. Flores::NBA should force these teams to play once a week. Would make up for the all those terrible Eastern Conf. games.
John Martin::Amen
Thomas Jianuzzi::Worst refereeing I've ever seen. Referees were obviously paid off. Pathetic!!!
David Rowlison::Hahahaha whatever helps you sleep at night
Tricky Roma::u obviously didn't see the final regular season matchup between the dubs and lakers last year when kobe got hurt...stern NEEDS the lakers in the playoffs.
Steve Broome::Tricky Roma That was the game where Kobe fell down with a torn achilles completely on his own and they still called the Warriors for a foul smh. Worst officiated game ever.
Bengals Tnt::How can u play a real game when the refs give u every call and kd and westcrook r still crying all game long.
Anderson Daniel::You mad, bro?
Bengals Tnt::No, just tired of all the bad calls when it comes to superstars, they get all the benefit and it takes the fun away from the game.
Anderson Daniel::Bengals Tnt Yea. You mad, bro...
Mark Taylor::Reggie Jackson, THE man for all seasons!
Austin Robinson::http://www.sheridanhoops.com/2013/11/30/tweet-of-the-night-stephen-curry-wonders-if-russell-westbrooks-game-winning-3-pointer-is-legit/ shows westbrooks shot was a 3.
Shiva Suresh::These two teams have a flare for the dramatic ending when playing each other.  Last time the Warriors won with late game heroics from Iguodala.  This time Westbrook hits the last second game winner.
Tricky Roma::Warriors missed too many of the few free-throws that they were able to get. David Lee can't matchup against the more athletic teams, while HB thrives. Lee is great against a lot of teams, but not the elite ones. When Iggy gets back they need to start going small more often.
Patrick B. Malabuyo::don't call him iggy! http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1779798-andre-iguodala-on-iggy-nickname-i-never-liked-that
Tricky Roma::Patrick B. Malabuyo My bad bruh! I knew better...
Tricky Roma::Bogut fouling out was huge as well...Even though OKC stopped attacking the rim after that for some reason.
