Mega_Burner::fu<b></b>ck
Mega_Burner::bitch
Mega_Burner::fuck you
Mega_Burner::.
Mega_Burner::gdrh
Mega_Burner::fuck
nba is the worst::Good thing that Stern stepped in and stopped the 1st trade - oh wait...
rhowe982::How in the hell is Kurt Thomas still playing in the NBA. That man is ancient but he must be a stud to still be winning. I look at Portlands roster and i go wow they really are well coached. WHo the hell is their coach again?
mike_sully::Nate McMillan
58rhodes::sucks?
kdoggizzle::Prediction: the Hornets get bought out by a group in Seattle and they eventually become the Supersonics.
Spursdc::.
peetlepie::I guess this means that David Stern is not going to win the  GM of the Year Award.
barenapt::New Orleans doesn't deserve a franchise. They're "fans" are embarrassing. It looks like there are more empty seats than people. And the "fans" that are there seem to just sit and watch without making a noise. Its only a matter of time before the franchise moves.
TheSixthHeatle::While you are at it, can you get rid of the Toronto and the WNBA?
FranciscoKern::Good to hear from you George.  New Orleans loves you too!  Go FEMA!
58rhodes::This games deserves a big fat LOL
kent432::Wow!   What a weird looking game by the box score!!!
PortlandBlazers1004::Batum has been great the past couple of games. The back court (Felton, Matthews, Crawford) need to step it up big time. They are our biggest issue going forward at the moment.
CandySparker::He seems the man of LaMarcus like Aldridge over troubled water.
23bayoubum::You're stupid.
58rhodes::wut?
amiller244::Blazers are playing like total crap right now. We were lucky to pull this one out just cause the hornets were shooting so bad and missing their best player. I understood the loss to Orlando where they were shooting the lights out and we were tired, but the Spurs game should have been a lot more competitive in the 4th quarter and there was absolutely no excuse for losing to the Rockets. In order to take a step forward we need to learn how to win on the road against good teams, much less weak teams like the Rockets and two left on this road trip (Pistons, Raptors). What's caused us to choke out in the first round the last 3 years? Winning on the road. Couldn't win in Houston 3 years ago, Phoenix 2 years ago, and Dallas last year. Even after that miraculous Roy comeback we went on to get blown out in Dallas the next game and lose all the momentum. We're so good at home, we need to take the momentum we build at home on the road. Winning at ATL next game would be a big confidence booster.
seferson::gg blazers, i still don't know how the hornets even mustered up 77
BlazerSully::The 3rd article down on the ESPN front page says, "Gay, Grizzlies jump Bulls"
demtral::I think my favorite article this year was "Smith shoot in Miami" but it was actually "Smith' shot in Miami" what a little apostrophe will do
mpdalry1::ha! that's funny
mpdalry1::Hornets will be greatly improved once they get healthy.  Monty Williams keeps his team in games that they have little chance winning...both teams looked like crap today but Portland is a good team...they will be competitive with most teams in the nba, and were having an off shooting day
demtral::Once they get a bit more experience too, Gordon, Aminu, Vasquez, and Ayon all are good young peices. Trade Kaman and Okafor for a few more young peices and they'll be set up for the future, just need an owner now.
natesweet72::i'm out. Everyone have a good afternoon or evening. GL with your season Hornets fans.
mpdalry1::good luck with Blazers...will be rooting for them in the playoffs
BlazerRoddy::Blazers statistically have had the second toughest schedule in the league so far. They will get back on track.
demtral::Thomas has been a good back up, he just can't play more than ~20 minutes, and Smith has played really well of late. I think, especially with Camby out, we need to give Chris Johnson 10 minutes a game and let him take some pressure off of the old bigs.
natesweet72::I know. i think only Golden State had a harder SOS to open the season. Many of the top teams have had a SOS at or below .500 I figure things will balance out soon enough. But demtral is right. The Blazers need to get in a groove on the road or the home victories wont matter. To get anywhere in the playoffs you have to do both, win at home and on the road. It's a shame the Blazers don;t have a suitable back up to camby.
demtral::They need at least two of the next three, they've got to prove they can get it done on the road against lesser opponents.
natesweet72::Felton just needs to slow the hell down and think some more. 8 turnovers is way too many for one player. He needs to recognize the need to pull up and look where his teammates are. I know he had a good amount of assists today but his being wild has been a consistent thing throughout the Blazers recent struggles. He looks like a man having woman problems if you ask me. Like his head is just not completely in the game.
FranciscoKern::Agreed - he's trying too hard to push it.  He doesn't seem to have any idea what he's doing other than "run full-steam ahead and hope something good happens".
BlazerSully::I've only watched one game so far this year but he does sem to be out of control more often then not.
natesweet72::I was worried when I saw this was an early game for the Blazers. They always seem to look pretty bad in early games and have a hard time overcoming their sluggish starts. I was very happy to see Aldridge very motivated in the second half. if he comes out cold in the 3rd quarter blazers would have lost this one.
steakquesakilla::Woke up after the game was already over. oops.
mpdalry1::Oh you might as well have been asleep.
Rip_City27::hahahaha nice
mpdalry1::My final score was not refreshed...was listening on the radio...trying to work as well.  7 point game...pretty good considering.
mpdalry1::sorry 7 points...
natesweet72::why don't you just ignore the one person who said the Hornets could not beat a college team.
natesweet72::Focusing on the least common denominator is too easy and it leads to irrational statements supposing an entire fan base is acting a particular way.
mpdalry1::What fun would that be
natesweet72::7 points
gt1master_ike::Do people have nothing better to do than insult the hornets ANy team missing 2 of its 4 best players will struggle.  Moving on....
Hi i love my bike::Happy MLK day!
mpdalry1::well said...
RoyalFlush77777::<b>everyone is invited to join our very active ESPN sftc Group (Streak for the Cash 2012), get helpful tips, look at the blogs with picks in our message board, you can be in 3 groups at a time,  give us a try, I think you will really enjoy it, just another feature sftc has, we would love you and your friends to come join us   :)1313 members:)  http://streak.espn.go.com/en/group?groupID=192237 &lt; click here  Thank You</b>
mpdalry1::Wow you people act like a 11 points loss is a major blow out. LOL...you rip on Hornets...but Blazers were not much better and couldn't score 90.  you people are hilarious
Khi_in9CoGi49::my espn page must be wrong...the final score said 84-77 POR.  that doesnt look like 11 points to me
natesweet72::I think he hadn't refreshed his page.
BlazersWar::Sir, don't know what you're talking about.
natesweet72::@mpdalry, that was one dude who said the Hornets could not beat a college team and people jumped on his @ss for it. You are overreacting.
masala716::The Blazers have been absolute garbage since that 7-2 start.
woofers02::A lot of college teams could beat N.O. right now, this is nothing to hang our hats on...
mpdalry1::What are you talking about woofers....Hornets lost by 11 against a good team.  Wow ELEVEN POINTS....oh my god they can't beat a college team now and should stop playing B-ball!!! lol  They have their best shooter and starting 2 not even suited up.  relax
natesweet72::No college teams could beat the hornets and I don't think anyone is hanging their hats on this victory. As a Blazers fan it is good to see them snap the losing streak but i still am concerned by many things i saw in this game. It was good to see them making some 3's but I am tired of seeing Felton and Crawford looking so terrible shooting the ball. I don't know what the problem is but they need to figure it out.
natesweet72::when the Blazers were hot early in the season they were taking it to the ruim. Not relying on the jump shot. Felton and Crawford have been terrible cold lately. It has led to a team with a lack of confidence that is trying to get it done from the outside. They need to reclaim the strong presence they had early in the season when they were scoring a lot of points in the paint.
Khi_in9CoGi49::u just define the problem...JUMP-SHOOTING....u wont win many games if u close games by jumpers...ask lebron!
gt1master_ike::Someone forgot to take his medicine today
Khi_in9CoGi49::lolz. yeah right...
mpdalry1::umm no.  And once they get Ariza and Gordon back they will be a 500 team.
Rip_City27::ha no college team could beat an NBA team
Khi_in9CoGi49::TIM TEBOWWWWWWWWWW
Khi_in9CoGi49::so stephen a and skip are not talking about them right now??? wat im i listening to??
Rip_City27::No they arent??
Khi_in9CoGi49::espn too
Khi_in9CoGi49::we still talkin about him aint wee...hahaha
mpdalry1::umm no one is talking about him other than him being a non topic
Rip_City27::You are
platachog::Glad we got a win finally. Should have won the last 3 too, but made too many mistakes.
The Amazing Chef::You guys almost lost it. And the suns kicked your butt btw
BlazerRoddy::Every team has off nights chef, you know that. When all teams have played about 25 games we will see more or less what teams can do.
SlSU28::Blazers for heisman!
BlazersWar::at least a win ... awful game nonetheless
mpdalry1::Good luck rest of season...Portland is the only likeable team from the West...
BlazersWar::thanks. Good luck you too, you have a hard time...
barney15c::phew just covered
Khi_in9CoGi49::uh oh another 4th breakdown...thx GOD there r only 53 sec on the clock
The Amazing Chef::dear gamblers,  no one gives a kobe bryant about the over under spread.  shut up, the amazing chef
FightingIrish595::thought portland could score in the 100s tonight
natesweet72::Portland's scoring has been all over the place since they came off that hot streak.
wayde1213::hornets have a good d top 5 in nba so that was not in the books
mpdalry1::Most teams do not score 100 against the hornets.  William's style of defense...even playing like crap is still low scoring games.
Shub2308::Need 4 points fu ck
The Amazing Chef::nice pic. u looking fly
Nickvcason::Drexler was the last good thing to come out of portland hahahaha chumps
BlazerRoddy::And the Hawks have done what?....oh yeah. NOTHING!
gt1master_ike::Dude g t f o  the blazers would murder the hawks in a 7 game series and im an impartial observer
Rip_City27::Brandon Roy?? Lamarcus Aldridge??
Khi_in9CoGi49::coundnt get out of first round
BlazerRoddy::You are grasping for straws buddy.
The Beard of Paul Allen::I agree, what a bunch of chumps!!! HAHAHAHAH!!! They should all die a horrible death.
BlazerRoddy::Hopefully he was being sarcastic....or just a white male between the ages of 25-35 waiting to kill someone.
Rip_City27::Calm down psychopath
brandonroyfan5::Told you, another 3!
mpdalry1::Waaaaahhhhhh I lost money......Wahhhhh the hornets should never play again because I lost money...and listen to other people to pick my games.....so I am going to come here and $@%!$@ and moan wahhhhhhh  God you people are annoying
b etnies::this guy..
brandonroyfan5::give the ball to the best player!!!! Batummmmmmmm! BTW: Im french so thats why!
Rip_City27::There he is!!
wayde1213::wish granted
wayde1213::flopping in the nba needs to stop
Nickvcason::its part of the NBA thats why nba is so great right hahaha
BlazerRoddy::Ya where are all the fines?
wayde1213::yeah i thought they were suppose to be fined last year. i mean manu should have a neg salary with all his flopping
The Amazing Chef::They arent flopping they are falling wayde
wayde1213::that was def a flop, felton is bigger stronger so yes he is going down but to fly like that is bs and everyone knows it
jill339hoosier::+6 still alive this is unreal
Nickvcason::rip city rips buttholes with his neighbors hahahaa
Rip_City27::All day my man
Rip_City27::All day my man
Shub2308::Here comes the back door cover
The Amazing Chef::nice pic there
The Amazing Chef::Okay. Stop people. The talking about the spread is ticking me off. WHO CARES ABOUT THE OVER UNDER AND SPREAD CRAP!!!!!! GOD PEOPLE SHUT UP!
The Amazing Chef::SHUT UP!
Rip_City27::I shoulda put money on this game
mpdalry1::Amzaing Chef I agree
jill339hoosier::PUT UR MONEY WHERE UR MOUTH IS PU S S Y
Shub2308::What else is there to talk about
jill339hoosier::LOLLLL get off the forum u high schooler w no money on the game
jill339hoosier::new orleans is soft, cant shoot, doesnt defend, doesnt rebound, doesnt make fts.........
mpdalry1::Can't defend except Blazers have scored only 79 points.  They have played good enough defense....just cannot shoot.
Nickvcason::teams like this that makes the NBA the worst league in all of sports no competition
