roberts2144::I just read the box score and can anyone tell me how a point guard plays 40 minutes and not record a single assist??
openminded43::Players missing shots, scored on the second or third pass, getting putpacks etc.!!! Nothing that led to a score on the initial pass!!!
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::yeah I thought Darren Colision  would have a good game against Magic so I put him in my fantasy teams line up I was debating on him or Jeff Teague, boy was I wrong
DrewVR91::Dwight Howard should want to come to Cleveland and be worshipped like a God and run train on every team with Kyrie. It would be championship city
DrewVR91::Im not saying he is coming close to Cleveland cause Dwight is an ignorant N***A, but if players actually cared about winning and not just going to super markets. Cleveland is a nice team in the making. Kyrie Irving is already a top 5 or 3 pg in the league
_TheSixthHeatle_::big markets will always rule
openminded43::Marketing is #1, winning helps marketing, but that's #2!!! It's about big market ratings, Network ratings, Advertising sales that all Lead to higher League revenue!!! Integrity and viable competition is far down on the list in the NBA!!!
1OtownGuy::Hes like Earl From My name is Earl with the damn list
DrewVR91::Thats true 3 years from now they will be trying to pry apart whatever the Cavs put together just like they did to OKC with Westbrook and Durant.   ESPN is a bunch of crap the whole channel is pretty much Skip Bayless giving Tim Tebow a blumpkin or just giving his worthless opinion on things.
openminded43::It's the media's LIST!!!
openminded43::Add them to the......... "list"!!!
openminded43::Why it's a mandate that the Magic can't draw flagrant fouls from other teams is a mystery to me!!! Turkoglu was blatantly cracked acrooss the skull, much like what happens to Dwight on a nearly gamely basis and these DAMN REFS can never call a flagrant!!! But they sure as hell call the T's against the Magic!!! I'm SICK OF IT!!!
AbyssinianLion::Pacers play goon ball
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
1OtownGuy::Refs are so DUMB!. They miss calls and make bad calls, so then they try to make up for those calls by either not calling a foul, or calling a foul that isnt there....  mean while all actual obvious fouls in important situations dont get called at all...DUMB!
Fagggs::Horrible officiating in this game.  When the refs can't control the players then they are failures at their job.
J-SMOOVE2020::Dwight Howard is a bithc
superpieman802::any thoughts on when you guys lose your franchise center for the second time?  im thinking otis smith holds onto him until the end of the year and the magic get nothing in return when he leaves.
ElArtman1973::sore loser
Hoffmaster13::turkoglu 2-11 shooting w 8 Turnovers?
Robdee999::What the hell Pacers...I'm tried of seeing poor shooting from Granger and Price. Tonight the team shooting was horrible. They played selfish and put up bad shots and aided that by turning the ball over.
kenbomc::It's funny watching the Pacer players trying to act all tough.
nblucas97::It's funny listening to internet trolls try and sound tough.
KingGeorge53::Impressive road win for the magic.    Pacers are clearly the better team, but this is why they play the game.
chaddie01::I agree. Magic have the better team. even without Jameer and BIG BABY. They just need to ship out Hedo and they'd be even better.
fliptide..::Hedo is the only point guard they have!
trizzo23::clearly? really? i dont think so...if not for refs magic win by 25 easy
iownamicrowave::ha. come on pal
KiNgJr4ReAl::So the instant minute that K.Mart signs with the Clippers they put him on the 2k Roster, Its been 3 Games and Ish Smith still isnt on the Magic Roster in 2K
fliptide..::You're full of "Ish"
fsudan30::If Cuban was the owner of the Magic he would have been fined $1 Billion after this game.
trizzo23::that is a fact
ChunkTruffleShuffle::only 8 rebs for D. Howard?  Was he not jumping?
fliptide..::Somebody should volunteer to whack Nelson over the head as soon as his concussion symptoms disappear.  The less Nelson and his non-point guard behavior the better.
chaddie01::Jameer is actually a sold PG. Dwight just needs to shut up and sign long term or Get the hell out of town now. He's wearing the team down.
fliptide..::no he's not.  Many times Dwight is fighting establishing position down on the post while the other Magic players (Jameer the chief culprit) jack up wild three pointers.  get the ball to Dwight down low!
superpieman802::its to bad no one wacked you on the head.
PhinMagic2011::magic have a difficult stretch at home next week. clip, heat, hawks
fliptide..::not really... out coach all three, out class 2  ( hawks, clips) , all games are quite winnable.
PhinMagic2011::we had some awful decision making toward the end of the game that needs to be corrected. no need for that stretch of three pointers at the end. burn clock, and get a good shot or drive inside and force the whistle
PhinMagic2011::big baby needs to be crated up and shipped off to a third world country
nickf1190::was it just me, or were there a TON of air balls in this game??
fliptide..::you know they pump the ball full of air, right?  that may be the cause.  Also, the balls themselves are made in a brick house.
DTangMF::Stan needs to play Liggin, his defence will be important comes playoff time....
theprodctz::Chris Duhon for Jeremy Lin... thoughts?
DTangMF::I like this trade but I think Duhon is getting better and better, we should just sign Lin when Knicks release him...
MagicBoltzRays::or we could trade Big Baby.
theprodctz::I'd trade Big Baby to whatever team JR Smith is playing for in China
MagicBoltzRays::how about Nelson for Lin?
flexdafunk::the NBA need new leadership and referring crews
theprodctz::Pacers to move to Seattle and become the Supersonics. Let's make it happen!
fliptide..::uh....no.
Emmannuel1220::Hey pacers fans, 13 out of the last 16. How you like that ownage?
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::the series isn't over so calm down
nixaceltics::thats what i thought!!!! oh, will you "own" Howard after the year???? LOL he doesn't even want to play for your team!!!!!!
machinehead.555::Wow that's a lot of exclamation points. I'm impressed. And don't worry about the Magic, they're only possibly losing one future hall of famer, you guys are down 3. Btw, did you assist in any of your team's championships? If not you should probably stop acting as if you did...... and I can "like" my own comments too.
Emmannuel1220::Well actually, right now. We own the Pacers. So yeah.
nixaceltics::your talking about "OWNING",, i asked if your team owned a ring, and they don't!! so, your team doesn't own anything!!
Emmannuel1220::Living in the past much? you haven't done anything since Miller.
nixaceltics::has it got ur team a ring? win a ring then you can talk!!!
openminded43::The REFS made this an UGLIER game!!! They let obvious hacking go and created players frustration!!! Inconsistant calls, targeted one way and this shouldn't even have been a game if they weren't so DAMN INCOMPETENT!!!
fliptide..::you use waaay too many exclamation points there buddy!
theprodctz::Love the Pacer fans whining about being relevant when they can't even draw more than 5000 fans per home game
NickelShort::I don't understand how selling an average of 75% of the tickets available is that bad.  Its at the start of the season when they haven't played more than 2 home games against opponents that are going to sell out ANYWHERE.  Its not like we've got a 22,000 seat stadium in Indy, wait until we've played more than 8 home games to talk trash about attendance.
Pacers-Cowboys24::Exactly we shot terrible and we nearly did. We had an off game. The whole point is the magic fan at the top is dilusional to think the Pacers wont contend this year, thus making them relevant. You guys could pull it out too.
Pacers-Cowboys24::Most of those turnovers were steals, last time I checked that's because of our defense.
nblucas97::He mentioned the shooting percentage already and his whole point was try winning a game with the Pacers shooting their usual percentage.
Emmannuel1220::So... You created turnovers but couldn't win. Maybe shoot better? That's kinda what basketball is.
WillHaze::actually the pacers average 14k fans per home game...compared to when they are on the road playing in another stadium the average is 16k....the attendance will go up as the team continues to improve
Emmannuel1220::Last I checked magic had like 3 techs and a ton of turnovers. And shot horribly We gutted it out... You didn't.
Pacers-Cowboys24::Go look at our shooting percentage and try to convince me you'd win another game like that and you'd be wrong. The shots we missed were open, sorry but we lost because of our own mistakes not the way you guys played.
Emmannuel1220::And we've given you you're 2 home losses. What's ur point?
NGplayinskillz::Indiana Pacers have only had around 7 HOME GAMES.
theprodctz::There were literally hundreds of people in the home games they did have. Your point?
Pacers-Cowboys24::Sounds more like your blind to the facts of the game tonight. I'd love to see the magic in the playoffs, which is a likely matchup.
NGplayinskillz::Except todays game was SOLD OUT.
iownamicrowave::Wait till Howard leaves... I bet Orlando will reallly be selling out then. HAHA
theprodctz::You didn't see the screenshots... acres of empty seats, as usual  They should move that team to Seattle imo.
MagicalDiesel::Because Orlando was in town...and the Super Bowl
MagicalDiesel::ClownOnFire needs to join the Pacers. Bunch of whiny flopping babies
tampasportsrule::you would love it if hansborough was on the magic.
cthulhu4242::no no that says Tam-PA
fliptide..::me too.  quick, get him/her a tampon!
MagicalDiesel::I would love it if you'd shut up
tampasportsrule::Hansborough is a flopper and a whiner. Spends half the game on the floor like a wet mop flipping like a fish out of water.
MagicBoltzRays::sounds like you after every missed call.
MagicalDiesel::Ummm ok even though that has no relevance to the discussion
tampasportsrule::well atleast i didn't get t'd up like hedo and dwight.
theprodctz::hahhahahaha
espncomnba::PACERs is a CONTENDER?????? hahah LMAO
trizzo23::scoreboard
nixaceltics::1 game moron!! how many games in a row did you just lose? SCOREBOARD!!! Playoffs is when it matters!! this is all for seeding!!!
Pacers-Cowboys24::Shot 34 percent, 18 percent from 3, nearly won. Leading the east in road wins, I think it does actually.
DTangMF::do u consider defence as part of reason they shoot poorly?
Chris31708::What about their first home game against the Magic?
MikeMike570::Better contender than the magic
Chris31708::Better record doesn't automatically equal better team. It depends on the matchups.
theprodctz::2-0 in Indy. No really, you guys are far superior to us.
espncomnba::look at the final score a HOLE
BaselinexDrive::sloppy but good game..O well neither of these teams can compete with #HEAT anyways.
MagicalDiesel::Horrible game but we fought through it and got the win. Nice to build a little winning streak again
tmpFSU::Goooooo Magicccc!!!!
Chris31708::What do ya'll think of Ish Smith so far?
MagicalDiesel::He's what we need to compliment Jameer
openminded43::SVG needs to play him!!!
nixaceltics::way too many 3's taken!!
MagicBoltzRays::committed 24 turnovers and still won..... hmmm
Nirvana_Fan91::Pacers fans are mad.
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::yes were upset....because we know we could have played better and won the game...that's all. I'm sure you would be too if you shot as bad as we did tonight
theprodctz::Go Patriots! Would love to see them win the Super Bowl in Indianapolis. No better place for them to do it than in the Colts' stadium
rob111111112::Fu ck you
NGplayinskillz::Can Somebody send a search party out to look for Danny Granger's 3pt SHOT? While you are out there can you also look for Tyler Hansbrough's Jumpshot?
MagicalDiesel::Go Giants. $@%! New England
tampasportsrule::Anybody would have to be nutz to pick the Pacers. Those guys can't shoot to save their own lives.
nblucas97::This game. You must have missed all the other games that equaled 16 wins.
MikeMike570::A team who can't shoot to save their own lives almost beat your team, does that make you mad?
hasselhoff14::and you couldnt beat a Magic team that turned the ball over 24 times. Another win for the Magic over the Pacers yea buddy. Man up and move on
MikeMike570::im raging, my team just destroyed the hawks
tampasportsrule::U MAD BRO ?
MagicalDiesel::LOL like you
Pacers-Cowboys24::That's why were 16-7, 10-5 on the road
tampasportsrule::Dude you all got a bunch of floppers.
theprodctz::Good thing I faded you for the 634987th straight game
rob111111112::Dam oh well guess the pacers are going 31-2 at home
theprodctz::Well that was a decent reminder that a pro basketball team still exists in Indiana.
dmj2782::Good game Indiana fans. Good game Magic.
MagicBoltzRays::3 Stars 1. Howard 2. J-rich 3. Ryno
mwlevine::This is about what the Pacers didn't do. No worries. Orlando is butter soft.
wackotheclown7022::Didn't Indiana already win once in Orlando on a blowout?
Chris31708::Didn't the Magic already win once in Indiana on a <b>blowout</b>?
hasselhoff14::Magic 24 TO and still won. Man up and move on
Masta Da Magician::Sour grapes.
theprodctz::What does it say about your team that they lost to a "butter soft" bunch
Pacers-Cowboys24::Agreed, we shot awful and nearly won
msrocz::my god that was the most excruciating gambling i have ever been through
msrocz::that second half under was starting to look shaky
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::lol
MagicBoltzRays::2-0 in Indy
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::glad to see you liked your own comment....just pathetic
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::congrats.......now if you could beat us at your place.....oh wait you got your a.s.s kicked
MagicalDiesel::2 beats 1
MagicalDiesel::Good win guys
Masta Da Magician::Indeed.
