David Chen::This is why you must get the ball into Lin's hand and Harden should run the floor.  Rebound, kick out pass to Lin, Harden runs the wing, cuts to the middle, Lin a quick pass, an easy lay-up.  Why can't McHale understand this?  Lin is your best passer, Harden should be running the wings, not trying to play PG.
Karl Heu::GREAT point....Let Lin make the plays while HARDEN scores the ball
Amir Shirazi::You mean Harden flops again lol
Katherine Andron::Amir Shirazi ,stop. Are you saying that Harden's  30+ games are just a "flop" ? Seriously.
Karl Heu::Somebody stick a sock in Cyde Drexler's mouth......SHUT Up.....You make no sense at all
Karl Heu::Clyde Drexler (Hall of Famer - Current Rockets Announcer) ....HATES on Jeremy LIN (bench - 14 points a game) every chance he gets.....Then calls Patrick Beverley (starter - 9 points a game) .....the "heart of a champion" and a true "Warrior".....DUDE, shut up !!!!!!!
David Morant::Overall Lin has had a good year ... But he sucks thus far tonight.  And he's driving me nuts with the free throws lately. It's like he's forgotten how to shoot them.
Karl Heu::David Morant Yeah, he missed two already...just tired of Drexler's analysis....he is terrible and so biased
David Morant::Karl Heu ... Yeah ... I'm not a big Beverley fan. I think Lin is the better player, but I DO prefer Lin coming off the bench as we need SOMEONE who can score or pick up the slack when the starters sit. Our bench has been pathetic this year ... we can't afford to start Lin at this point.
David Chen::The JLin experience really opened my eyes on how NBA related sportscasters, writers, and "experts" do (or don't do) their homework on any player it seems.  No way JLin is a defensive liability and a turnover machine, yet every time he turns it over (could be as little as 2 or 3 the entire game) we hear "Lin's biggest problem is turnovers" or  "Lin is a defensive liability".  He isn't, or not any more.  Lin is not Wade on defense but he can hold his own, and he has done a great job holding to the ball.  I must say, if they are so wrong on JLin, makes me wonder do they even really watch any player's skills progress, or they are all just singing the same tune without any research, "experts" huh....
Vascoo Darriel::weak rockets and never win an nba champion with d howard
Patrick Foote::I'm guessing your an Asian who is trying to ballot stuff Lin into the All Star game.
Vascoo Darriel::Patrick Foote jeremy lin is he is not all star but he still great
Leland Wong::I have seen enough , next to DW12 JL plays the best defense, no way P B plays better defense than JL. I am going to stop listening to those ESPN and NBATV experts.
Leland Wong::Yes JH scored 38 pts but played very little defense. Good thing Jeremy Lin held Kendall Marshall to five pts,
Patrick Foote::not this clown again. yeah, OBVIOUSLY jeremy lin is the reason the rockets win every game.
Leland Wong::Good thing is the Laker 's defense is worst than the Rox defense. Since PB is playing ahead of JL, PB should make the all-star team. JH will be in the All star game, great but to get to LBJ's ;eve; which is rare, all he needs now is defense, elite company.
Leland Wong::I am not attacking JH in fact I want him to be great and that will take defense. When his D omproves the Rox have a chance to go to the NBA finals.
Jody George Prats::Laker announcer Bill MacDonald finally shut his stupid trap.  I guess losing 9 out of 10 will take the wind out of any air bag.
Corey Sharer::he is doing his job, i have heard worse announcing from jeff van gundy. but why am i telling you this your little brain can not handle a lot of basketball information seeing how you came late to the board when the lakers were losing. like i said keep making yourself look stupid.
Jody George Prats::Gasol screams like he's flying 10 feet in the air but he's only 1 inch off the ground.
Corey Sharer::at least he can get off the ground your fat a** stays grounded.
Juan Carlos Ng::Hahaha xD Bruce Lee taught the world the secret power behind a scream...how it augments one in every physical and mental capability.
Jody George Prats::I hate to say I told you so Laker fans. Ok.......I lied. I really love to say it!
Corey Sharer::why you a coward to comment back after i comment or anyone thats not on your side, afraid we will send you back to reality seeing how no one likes a troll. its just stupid to do and childish.
Jody George Prats::speak english
Corey Sharer::Jody George Prats technically you can not speak English on a computer, you can type in English. very stupid to think you can speak English on the Computer....plus i can like my own comments too.
John Anhalt::Now that the league did away with the Durant swing through, they need to change the rules about offensive players jumping into defenders, absorbing contact and shooting. Defensive players need to be able to maintain and hold their position, even while moving. It's been out of control for too long now, and it's not good basketball.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::what do u call Hack-A-Dwight do u call that good basketball as well
Brady Simon::Alphonso Darnelle Polk LOL he probably calls it clean because it helps his team
James Garcia::Howard & Harden shat all over the lakers tonight.   The la tankers might get a good draft pick but J.Buss will screw that up anyway. The fakers wont see the playoffs for a few years.
Alan Ogg::thank god bandwagon lakers fans
Jody George Prats::Here come the Lakers baby!   --Drunk Guy
Corey Sharer::i told you we wont accept you as a fan you drunk guy.
Travis Pavich::I cannot believe these refs. Why do the refs hate the Lakers this year? There's no reason why we should be 14 and 22. We have the greatest team ever assembled. Look at the roster, The greatest power forward in Gasol, greatest point guard ever in Marshall, Nick Young, the second greatest player in the entire world behind the one the only, greatest of all time Kobe Bean Bryant. That's not including Robert Sacre who is the next Shaquille O'Neal, and Ryan Kelly who is the next Kevin Durant. I am demanding all Los Angeles area game members to team up and go to Washington DC and take care of these clowns. The Lakers will win the championship this season Guaranteed.
Michael Gallemore::You really are obsessed with the Lakers. I've been keeping up with Kendall's progress and I've seen you posting on every one of these boards. Normal people don't have such obsessions.
Travis Pavich::Michael, I am obsessed with these Fakers because I hate hate hate the fakers. It's so awesome to see them like this. Any time the Fakers lose, it's a great day in America.
Michael Gallemore::Travis Pavich Well, I can agree with that because I also hate the Lakers. I somewhat like Kobe but always took pride in the fact the Bobcats were one of two franchises in history to have a winning record against the Lakers (until last year). But come on man, seems a little overboard. Isn't it enough that they have to live on the wrong coast and pull for a team that won't be any good for 4-5 years?
Josh Schwartz::No Parsons, no problem! Especially not against the Los Angeles Tankers! Great job, Rockets. Another great performance by Harden and Howard, no surprise.
Jody George Prats::Remember when the Lakers use to have a fan base?  Oh wait...........those were fake Kobetards.
Corey Sharer::funny seeing how they do have a fanbase, remember other teams fans commenting on this....oh wait no they were only trolls hating on lakers and kobe all together, they did not even have a team, get a life dude.
Jon Stockwell::Houston is a good team, but the Lakers look like they didn't bother showing up for the second half.
Jody George Prats::This game or 9 of the last 10?
Juan Carlos Ng::Jody George Prats There is a joke where D' Antoni's ramblings are the reason the Lakers seem to be losing. It appears that the Lakers tend to lose it after halftime. They play without energy and I wonder if their energy is sapped away by D' Antoni's words. xD
Patrick Foote::I used to wonder why we kept Ronnie Brewer on the bench. I no longer wonder.
Yuler Paul::someone has to fire Mike D' Antoni..the Worst NBA Coach EVER, as in EVER! shame!
Robert Wang::http://www.red94.net/much-houston-rockets-problem-james-harden/13712/
Karl Heu::Mr. Lin shut Kendall Marshall down......He shot 2 for 13...
Leland Wong::Karl you are right, JL is a much better defender than either PB or JH , after watching JL played in 22 plus games. Those ESPN and NBATV  ppl know not what they are talking about
Tommy Noonan::haha come on man....thats nothing to brag about. Kendall Marshall shuts himself down on most nights.
Jeremy Gingrich::Lin played good defense but you act like he is Kyrie Irving. You realize you just said Kendall Marshall right?
April Cikstean::Is Harden going to play defense tonight?
Coley Smith::Amazing,the glee people get when the Lakers lose. What team would be expected to win if they: A.Lost starting center to FA B.Lost starting SG and leading scorer to injury C.Lost starting PG to injury D.Lost backup pg to injury E.lost third string pg to injury C.have no coach
Jeremy Gingrich::Who expects them to win? Nobody
Dominic Wingate::I wish biased Lin fans stop commenting the Rockets won shut up about what you think Lin should be doing, last time i checked Harden dropped almost 40 talk about him dang, can't stand fans who only root for a team cause of one player.
Renee Pantoja::Last time I looked Harden isn't an Aisian last name.
David Han::The Houston Rockets dominated that 3rd quarter, and played well in the 4th quarter, they are getting better as a team and will continue to be even better over the years.
Renee Pantoja::Don't take the 3rd qt of this game as anything special, the Lakers are one of the worst 3rd qt teams in the NBA.
Xavier Aerosmith Keough::I'd rest Kobe for the season and allow him to fully rehab his injuries. The only potential bright spot about this year is how high of a lottery pick the Lakers can garner.
