tmohr48::Nice!   It's really good to see the 76ers on top of their division and playing good basketball. Good luck Philly  Go Lakers
kid_killya::Only downside to yesterday's game.... NO BIG MACs. Looking for'em on Wed. Go Sixers!!
CandySparker::I expect Philadalaphia 76ers this season.
lupo1278::yes, go on.....
What Just Happened 9330::I'm not a Sixers fan, but damn, they have been looking pretty impressive.
killahs_ghost::Yeah, they get it done.
76ers_all_day::i don't really think we need a superstar i think Holiday can become a superstar he's only 21 and if you ask me by the way he's playing each year he'll become a superstar in like a year or 2
Maddmike226::u know my sixers reppin...bout time...thick or thin im wittt um leggo babyy
bhintage77::Get your foot out of your mouth.
98.thLivesOn::sixers keep winning and i might watch nba again
mj8648::sixers doubters if we win the next three : nuggets - they played the day before; hawks - horford is injured; heat -  d wade is not 100%!!!! let's go sixers!!!!  prove these suckers they're wrong!!!
Milwaukee Buckss::I was at school and came home to see the Bucks down by 9. At that time i knew they had no chance because the game was in the late 3rd quarter. The Bucks lineup that was in the game was: PG: Udrih SG: Jackson SF : Tobias Harris PF: Ilyasova C: Sanders  YOU AINT GOING TO WIN NO GAMES WITH THAT LINEUP
perrypete::why udrih getting more minutes than livingston?  is his leg giving him problems again?  i know he will never be what he was with the clippers, but he is still an unselfish point guard that is defensive minded.
AtlanticD::I didn't know about the Bucks before today but they are INSANE in the paint defensively..  Sixers got shut out basicall all game, you guys just gotta get better consistently on offense and you'll be an elite team...
I hate Nickelback::agree 100% i wish the bucks were at least entertaining to watch
milwaukeemonster::come on bucks
Broad Street Beatdown::Should be 11-2, that loss at MSG was a fluke. When this team goes on a run it keeps the tempo for the rest of the game for them. Sixers are one superstar from being championship contenders and have been for awhile now. On pace for 50 wins and I wouldn't doubt it! Doug Collins you are the man.
Maddmike226::love my sixers too death man... i hope they get 50 wins...they are a contender this year, the true test is Feb and March though
Broad Street Beatdown::If we can pile up 50 wins this year it wont be hard to draw attention from some of the potential free agents next offseason. I'm hoping, with a swift miracle, that Howard stays with ORL throughout the season and then leaves for Philly in free-agency. We would be a force to be reckoned with, and indeed a championship caliber team. Love would be nice, but I think it would take Iggy to do so via trade.
AIadvocate::Yeah could be...T-Wolves GM David Kahn is shrewd and will pull the trigger if it means not getting anything for Love, even if he is restricted.  Just watched him drop 30 and 11 tonight for the 13th straight game to have a double-double, first person since Hakeem in 92 or something.  Also, Love is paying for all of the fans tickets to the Pistons game who went to the Kings game tonight in Minneapolis.  He's a great dude as well.  Kevin "Brotherly" Love?  The marketing department would have a field day.
AIadvocate::Some people say Holiday has a lower ceiling but I don't know, he is good and I think with him and Love growing together that they'd have a nice 1-2 punch along with Turner in the back-court and maybe Iguodala stays but Brands contract has to go.
AIadvocate::Yeah the upside is ridiculous.  Anyone that can get, what was it, 16, 10 and 8 off the bench?  Turner just knows how to play basketball and once he learns that the basket is 10 feet and not 9 with those line drive shots, he's gonna be a solid guard for years.  It's just tough now because he is SUCH a great passer and makes good decisions but he needs the ball in his hands.  I LOVE the fact that Holiday and Turner have a mid-range game that not too many guards have anymore.
Broad Street Beatdown::Holiday is very underrated and Turner has "Turned" things around in his sophomore year. I feel bad because I wanted the mans head on a steak after last years flop. Our guards are one of the best in the league, and I don't think people know this yet.
AIadvocate::How do we get the star?  That's the question.  I think the Sixers could win a title with Love replacing Brand if the bench stays in tact.
WolfLuvsYanksNAsianChix::Absolutely.... The schedule favors a fast start. After that opening 5-game road trip, 18 of our next 22 are home games, so we're in good position to make an early move. The season ends with another 5-gamer on the road. This fast start was critical, and it's good to see Doug Collins realize that and get this team ready for its home games. A loss in Miami on Saturday won't hurt if we're 11-3 going in there.
Pip2134::If Brand can start playing like he did last year and Meeks can stop being such a streaky shooter, I really like this teams chances at doing some damage this year.
salemram15::A big part of why Brands numbers are down is due to Hawes flat out ballin.
Travis Berger::next 3 games will show where we really are as a team
HopeYouForgiveMe::Sixers keep on rolling. I'm a C's fan but I'm rooting for yall's success. Keep at it!
AIadvocate::I don't want your support Celtics' fan!!!!!  SIXERS FANS AND CELTICS AND LAKERS FANS DONT GET ALONG STOP BEING CIVIL!!  jk, thanks brah.
Travis Berger::thanks you like the celtics?
76ers_all_day::thanks
76ers_all_day::we got good teams coming up lets go sixers
mrm87::Eighth straight time the Sixers have allowed less than 90 points.
mmostello::This is great. The Sixers keep beating garbage teams when they're supposed to. Last year the Sixer had at least 10 losses to teams that BLOW! If they correct that this year, they'll be 41-25 or something like that. That should get them to 4th/5th in the East. Great coaching by Collins.
AIadvocate::They will get the 3 seed at least.  If not higher.
drdlh1::Yeah, I agree. I think the Sixers get the #3 seed.
CheeseheadNation2011::In the words of Charles Barkley the Bucks are TURIBLE TURIBLE TURIBLE
Bearsman10::Screw the Knicks, the 76ers have been impressive and hopefully continue to succeed
KingGeorge53::Sixers taking care of business.   Quietly moving to the top.
KingGeorge53::It's amazing Tony Battie is still playing.   He was an old veteran when the Cavs picked him up in 2003.
AIadvocate::Man, Battie used to drive me CRAZY when he was with the Celtics in 02 with those base line jumpers!!!
IAMpunter2609::Useless muthabuckers cant even cover
The Amazing Chef::Wisconsin is a lame excuse for a sports state.  The packers sucked it up yesterday The Bucks are 0-8 on the road, and they are absoulty terrible. They suck Mens Basketball for the Badgers...Beat Nebraska by 4 at HOME...ouch Mens College Football- Cant even win a frickin rose bowl Mens Baseball NCAA- DONT HAVE A TEAM Brewers- Cant win in the playoffs
theSwayzeExpress::I can proudly say that I am a huge Wisconsin Badger sports fan, despite never having visited the state.  Give me Philly pro sports teams all day, but my Gramps played football for the Badgers back in the day, so they will always have my support
14lbenson::How about Marquette, UWM, both have great sports...Packers are a premier franchise team for many years to come.....Brewers are good for many years to come.....Bucks are getting better and building.....and the Badgers just plain win kinda like Tebow. I am a Packers, Bucks, and Brewers fan only though.
The Amazing Chef::Im just kidding im a diehard badgers fan, i just hate all the other wisconsin teams. I cheered my heart out for those boys
kkawesome50::yea i cant believe the weren't able to win one of the most prestigious bowl games
MirBay_Watson::Sixers: 10-3. 1st place in the Atlantic Division.  Hustler's Row: Captain IX, EB, Holiday Season, Sweet Lou, Young Thad, Spencer the Hawk, Turner Channel 12, &amp; the Jodiac Killer. We on it!  Sixers got NOW, BLEEP who got next.  #younghumbleHUNGRY
MirBay_Watson::Double post.
theSwayzeExpress::You gotta give Thad Young a better nickname than that!  Seriously, he has become one of my favorite 6ers, his defensive game has become dirty
MirBay_Watson::You right. I got one:    21 Young Salute.    And I'm diggin that "Spencer Hawesome" name.
robkaos::HAWESOME
goalie1113::love listening to doug talk. the guys gotta LOVE playing for him
5baker05::Bucks have the nuggets next? good luck with that!
Pujols sold out.::We already lost to the Nuggets lol
zack 2405::I was being sarcastic, lol.
zack 2405::Thanks!
Pujols sold out.::Going by this trend, the Bucks will finish .500. No wins on the road, undefeated at home. lol
rustyburg::Don't be a hater...you'd sell out for a lot less than $240,000,000
Vikeslegit::First the packers, then the bucks....wisconsin gonna get DRUNK!!!!
zack 2405::so r u hater.
Vikeslegit::I'm not a drunkin sconnie
Pujols sold out.::What do you mean then the Bucks? We don't expect anything from the Bucks.
FlyGuys623::where did john hollinger rank the sixers this week?
killahs_ghost::1st, 3rd in the other PR
zack 2405::dead last...
acphillyfan1::dork
zack 2405::make me HA!
pennsylvania12194::stop liking your own comments
zack 2405::I hate the 76ers, so there.HAHA!
FlyGuys623::u r very pessimistic :)
zack 2405::LOL :)
Broad Street Beatdown::1st!
zack 2405::Go Bucks!
Broad Street Beatdown::Finally coming around unbeaten at home and MIA is coming up soon, time to show the country we're legit!
Pujols sold out.::I think the Sixers could take the overall 1 seed. Slaughter those Chicago Bulls...
MirBay_Watson::Why not? The Sixers went 2-1 vs. these Bulls last year, including a win at the United Center.
FlyGuys623::if rose gets hurt longterm, bulls r in trouble
pennsylvania12194::that's probably pushing it a little.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Andy Reid needs to watch Doug's post game pressers and take notes.
pennsylvania12194::i wish i could like this a few more times lol
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Lol
Yourteamsuck::10-3 at this point.  To get to 50 wins they would have to go 40-13 the rest of the way.
fofofosixers::probably 55 wins then
jsoldiers::rest of the division has a combined .341 win%. Sitting atop probably the worst division in the league. I like our odds for a top four seed come playoffs :) we're so young yet so cohesive!
mj8648::at fly, winning the division gives you at least the top 4 seed and the homecourt advantage!!!! so even if sixers is 5th in conference standing, if they win the division, they still have the home court advantage.....at least that's what i read in the other article...
randymossallday::if the wizards weren't so bad.... lol
FlyGuys623::does winning the division automatically give top 4 seed
fofofosixers::no conference is seeding
ainuggets::why didnt vucevic play?
FlyGuys623::it was mlk day so they put in battie instead
Spida90::nice..
tbonecfp::good answer dude!
clintdelicious22::My guess is Collins wanted the vet Battie to bang against Bogut
Pujols sold out.::Good game Sixers! Good luck the rest of the season! As for the Bucks, a road win would be nice....
FlyGuys623::okc vs boston today. boston will be 4-8 after they lose. woohoo
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea but I hope they beat the Knicks every time they play them.
kkawesome50::damn jan 30 to feb 10 is gonna be extremely hard!!!!
mj8648::i still believe they would win a few of them....at least two or three....
rustyburg::Going .500 in that stretch would be AWESOME!
jsoldiers::a true test for our boys!
kkawesome50::yea i know
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Good win. The bucks are under rated. Let's keep it going Sixers
TGPhilly919::The Bucks are bad, although I don't know if they're truly 4-8 bad. they've played a lot of good teams so far.
TLDsDad::how can the bucks be under rated when they absolutely stink.
fofofosixers::Sixers gonns win 50 games.
kkawesome50::sixers fans like u gotta shutup, cause there is a 0 percent chance for that to happen
kkawesome50::yea thats exactly what i was thinking
fofofosixers::All I see are wins
kkawesome50::look at sixers schdule from jan 30 to feb 10
fofofosixers::Who is gonna beat us
RylanT25::idk about 50..their schedule has been weak. i would be happy with 40 and very happy with 45.
ChelseaBlue1905::another win
koolmodee1000::Carlo Delfino sux his mothers d ick
zack 2405::Just like you, you little B****
Blazelover13::You just suck altogether, you sick and evil creep.
jiggajgash::Another 6ers cover, anyone know what they are this year ATS???
ainuggets::wat site do u use for spreads?
thepolishprince215::11-2
Blazelover13::Ah, another great defensive performance, another balanced offensive game, another home win, and another double-digit win. All-in-all, another great win for the disrespected Sixers. It's nice to see the pitiful Knicks lose again, too. This division is Philly's, and that's all there is to it. Sixers rule!
FlyGuys623::knicks = 6-7. laughable
Blazelover13::Sixers = 10-3. Commendable.
koolmodee1000::and they all die n burn to death
zack 2405::Stupid little dumb@$$=Koolmodee1000, who isn't even cool, and he's really dumb.
Blazelover13::Get out of here, you evil punk.
koolmodee1000::I hope Milwaukee's plane crashes on the way to their next game.
zack 2405::You know, in 3 years on this day, you'll die in a plane crash, and then the Bucks will all start to cheer with joy.
Mulla0722::You'll pay for that comment.
Blazelover13::How could you say something like that? You're an evil $@%!$@%!
TheKunfusionistONE::you know you are getting hit by a bus tomorrow for saying that.
The Fix Is Inn Yaa Heard 7::i wanna bust this chick meridiths bunssssssss
FlyGuys623::jrue does
bobHALO 30.1::fap fap fap
zack 2405::??????
TheKunfusionistONE::3 point shooting is the only reason the 6ers won this game.
jsoldiers::you're never going to shoot good from the three with our perimeter d.
binkinainteasy::Not holding the Bucks to 82 points?
RylanT25::and they let up 82 points....
Green Bay Packers - The Miami Heat of the NBA::cool
AceManCometh03::Way to go
Robbie813 35::WINNERS
zack 2405::SUCKERS
