AJ in Cypress::Bynum needs more shot attempts..only seven? come on Kobe, give up some man hehe :)
headliner47::Barnes, Blake and a second rounder for Sessions and Gee
NBASantas::What's going on with the Blazers? http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/02/is-santa-going-down.html
Charles55213::Too easy.. this game was over after the first quarter.
TayCarson::Way to play your starters 35+ minutes in a game that wasn't winnable after the first quarter Nate! Another incompetent showing by a completely overrated coach.  How about let's run iso plays or the 1-4 high pick-and-roll all game? Great idea Nate! Too bad Brandon Roy can't bail you out of your inept coaching
Ultras South::"I just think its ironic that they complain about Stern and all yet they were handed Gasol a couple years back." Good quote from an ESPN User
AJ in Cypress::well Gasol was the missing piece to a championship puzzle forthe  Lakers.. The Grizzles haven't approached that level yet.. Could have been this year if Randolph doesn't get hurt.  Giving up Marc Gasol doesn't hurt as much when you have a "healthy" Bynum in da middle. But no way did the Lakers get Gasol for free.  They wouldn't have gotten CP3 for free either.
elibird123::I don't think they were "handed" anything. It was a trade, get a clue! It actually benefited Memphis.
Mightymoose02::Lakers made a legitimate trade. When were they ever gifted with Gasol?   Marc Gasol who happens to be their starting center was involved in that trade. It also allowed the Grizz to clear cap room in order to sign Zach Randolph.   Their team is pretty good now that all of the pieces have fit together since the trade.
Kingof1diots::Lenwen.....are you still around??
tmohr48::Poor Lenwen gets no respect... nor should he.
Kingof1diots::Remember there used to be this irritating TrailBlazer  TROLL FAN.  I forgot his name.  Maybe he got banned or something.  Does any of the VETERAN POSTERS in here remember his name
24wildhunter::blazerforlife
Kingof1diots::LENWEN that was his name........THat dood was everywhere.........i think he eventually got on the Miami Wagon coz he used to be on here whenver the LAKERS and TRAILBLAZERS played
natesweet72::Oh, I have not seen Lenwen in probably six months. THought He was a Blazers fan for real. I think he just gave up though.
Kingof1diots::well he must of got banned a long time ago
natesweet72::The only consistently regular Troll on the Blazers threads is Roymullins, but he is a Balzers hatter.
natesweet72::Well, it could be OregonLou. Lot's of non Blazers fans seem to hate him.
Kingof1diots::no not oregonlou.  its another guy.
Kingof1diots::This win doesn't prove anything.  If anything, there still stagnant on offense.  I wish the fire that they had at the beginning of the game can be copied in each and every game for now on.  Steve Blake is either a hot or cold shooter.  Needs more consistency.    C'mon Gasol stop acting girly.  Man up.  Act like a 2time champ.  Act like you've been there before.  WAKE UP A --HO
tmohr48::Have a great day NBA fans....  Go Lakers
ROMEO9O9::It appears the Lakers are going to go at it for one last title run expect them to add a forward and PG in the next 3 weeks.
Charles55213::Steve is crucial for the Lake Show. Haters are so mad hahahah
tmohr48::Hey, the Lakers are always looking to make a title run.... it's the reason behind the game. Steve Blake is back and he sure showed us last night. Steve Blake is essential for the Lakers success.
nba is the worst::Blake?  Speed?
tmohr48::Those 13 games missed hurt the Lakers... no worries, purple and gold will be contenders come playoffs.
Robdee999::Yea Blake stepped up big last night. I hope he gets the starter spot over Fisher, he brings speed to the table like Brown did.
SerioRaider::I see a lot of teams with that score in the first quarter....in the NFL!
natesweet72::What a weird stat line for the Blazers last night. The only players to have a positive effect numbers wise while on the floor were the rookies at the end of the game. Maybe this will tell Nate it is alright to play the young guys more. They need it and the team needs to know how good they are so they can make decisions going forward.
tmohr48::That's because Luke Walton was playing...
natesweet72::With as badly as the Blazers played in the first quarter I am surprised they did not lose by more. That was the worst quarter of play I have ever seen from any team perhaps.
natesweet72::That's nice of you Tmohr, but that  is just a little too soft of a criticism for this Blazers team. They should have been driving to the rim in the first quarter when they realized the outside shots were not there. That is one of Nate's problems. Failure to make adjustments in a timely fashion in games.
tmohr48::Hopefully, Nate learns a couple things from this game. Good luck to the Blazers.
tmohr48::Sometimes the ball doesn't bounce your way....
Global Warming 2012::Dallas is going to embarrass the Lakers. That's not trash talk. It's just a fact. This next game is going to hurt a little.
PlayaMade5::Lol, they don't have Tyson Chandler no more....who gonna stop Bynum
natesweet72::Well, I am sure you guys know more about it than I do. It is true if a man's heart is not in the team he is playing for you will never get the best out of him. Some Lakers fans say he was a poison and some say he was glue on that team and a good locker room presence. So it is hard as a non lakers fan for me to know the whole deal. Really though, the biggest thing screwing the Lakers this season was the NBA's manipulating of the Paul trade.
PlayaMade5::But if he don't wann play for the Lakers.....why keep him to cause distractions.
boom.shaka::@nate -- Short sighted.  If the pick and the exception can be packaged for a PG or impact player then the move will have been worth it.
PlayaMade5::Agreed Boom, Odom wouldn't respond like Gasol with all the trade rumors floating around.
natesweet72::Well, the Lakers look worse without Odom this year than they did with him in the past. And Odom in the meantime is on a team that looks more capable than the Lakers.
boom.shaka::Nope.  As soon as he demanded a trade he was worthless.  The Lakers were fortunate to get what they got for him.
tmohr48::Now that Blake is back from his 13 games on the bench, the Lakers will be just fine....
natesweet72::Odom is not a great fit on the Mavs. I think he would still look better on the lakers. I also think the Lakers might have a better record with him right now than they have without him.
tmohr48::Odom responded emotionally and not with reason.
PlayaMade5::Yea.....kinda sad how his career went in a downward spiral very Very fast, good that we got rid of him when we did...he would of been a cancer to the Lakers.
boom.shaka::Odom?
Global Warming 2012::Proven point guards are a protected commodity.
Global Warming 2012::Gasol career 19 13 Howard          18  15  What are the Lakers doing here? Guys like Gasol don't grow on trees 2012 he is still 17 11......................no pg no rings
boom.shaka::The Lakers don't want to trade Gasol for Howard...they want to trade Bynum for Howard so Gasol can remain in his natural position as PF.
Global Warming 2012::we finally agree this trade makes the Lakers minimally better they already have 2 seven footers and.............
PlayaMade5::I don't know why we can't grab a Sessions, or a Calderon, maybe a Ridnour.....somebody.
nba is the worst::Age and future is a factor. If the Lakers could make this trade straight up, they would.  But Dwight's downside makes trading Gasol AND Bynum folly
ZodModule::Lakers held Portland to 7 first quarter points, that has to be a record! Damn Lakers have great D at times. Can't get any bench scoring tho and it's killing them.
nba is the worst::Wow - Steve Blake showed up for once
3PeatKB24::19-13, not too bad. These next 2 games will show where the Lakers really stand.
nba is the worst::The road record has already showed where they stand...
Global Warming 2012::"aggressively pursue"  Kobe put down like an old dog by Mitch!
ZodModule::Why would Lakers want Howard/??? they need a PG and SF!
Global Warming 2012::Fine but do you think Orlando listens to Kobe Bryant. It's not the Lakers shy to pull the trigger and you can't make other teams do what you want. They know Howard will be tradeable whenever "they" are ready.
rex_coach::Kobe has saved the GM's job...  Any questions about that there mrs. brainiac?  lol
ZodModule::It's no longer called "global warming," it's climate change now. get it right slit
elibeme::he said he doesnt want him traded scrub...
PlayaMade5::Do you think Kobe care if he gets traded....he knows it going to happen, he just said 'HURRY THE FCK UP" in a nice way.
boom.shaka::He's got a no-trade clause.
PlayaMade5::I honestly don't think Pau is going anywhere before the deadline....if they had a move, they would of pull the trigger already.
PlayaMade5::We will see, Can't see the Lakers giving up both Bynum and Gasol for D12, I don't think DWill is going anywhere....how else is there.
PlayaMade5::who*
ZodModule::most trades made the last week before the deadline anyway
Global Warming 2012::you got it sport. Kobe needs to spend a week in the front office. Teams don't just throw good players around like poker chips.
boom.shaka::They did....but Stern blocked it.
ZodModule::teams waiting to see what howard does, he's the first dominoe
ballinjack1220::I'm going to class... see you biiiitches! Lakers still can't win on the road!
ZodModule::kindergarten started already, hurry up slit
Global Warming 2012::Kupcheck gave Kobe a vicious shoulder flick! Ouch!
Global Warming 2012::I like the way Kupchack told Kobe to shut his trap.  "I will aggressively pursue trades to make this team better in the future" Translation................."This team is washed up."
boom.shaka::But I thought Kobe ran the team?  It's hard to keep up with haters.
rex_coach::lmao
ZodModule::Vivid imagination
Global Warming 2012::Mad?
rex_coach::It's not that serious bro...  Believe that!  p.s. If you or anyone wants to make me mad, ##ck with my kids.  This espn stuff is PURE entertainment for me... #justsayin
rex_coach::Change your misinformed screen-name before you get owned again... lmao
boom.shaka::The team that's too old, too slow and with a sucky coach is a game out of first.
nba is the worst::Actually 6 games out of first.  4th seed right now, with 18 more road games...
boom.shaka::The Lakers aren't going to win the conference but have a shot a the division.
ZodModule::Celtics are not!
Global Warming 2012::lot's of teams are a game or two out of first
boom.shaka::That's nice, but the Lakers are only a game out of first.
Fat Kid And Druggy Daddy::That's what i want to see the center putting it down... giving the lakers a good win!!!!!!!
BigPage24::Pau for Kevin Love.... make it happen mitch
winters999::u think Minnesota's gm is that stupid?
rex_coach::Yahp!
paul11370::always a fixed game if you try to bet the lakers game.be very careful
workman47::Lejohn Bangs is top 5 guard of all time
Heavyweight on Bantam::Who was the bigger fraud, the Knicks or Blazers?
Slim_Greaser_310::when you refer to yourself as RIP city and lost the last 4 at home games you now your a fraud...
Rip_City27::Hmm thats weird, Blazers beat the Hawks by 20 last home game..
workman47::I wouldn't count the Knicks out yet, Blazers are bad.
Rip_City27::You're dumb if you count the Blazers out, just sayin..
Gogoberrymix6::Im curious, does anyone on here believe Kobe is better than LeBron right now?
elibeme::lets see what lebron does when he is 33
2kobeisgood4::Did you see that game against the Bull when Lebron choked away the game, but rose choked too so Lebron never looked that bad.  If the game is close Lebron will choke Fact
2kobeisgood4::It seems to me that when it matters most is what Lebron is afraid of that moment, and i seem s to me that what your afraid of too.  Lebron has choked repeatedly but those stats you put out here hide that fact, but videos don't lie
Oxfordian Theory::No.  The Bulls never had the lead in that game... so Rose was shooting late free throws to grab the lead for the first time.  On the other hand, LeBron was shooting free throws to extend the lead his team already had.  There is a big difference in significance there.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::nope..
Birdmann._.::when it matters most yes
Oxfordian Theory::http://espn.go.com/nba/dailydime/_/page/dime-120217-18/weekend-dime-nba-first-half-awards  LeBron 4th quarter PER = 32.68 (5th in the league as of this weekend... and kobe is not in the top 5)
Birdmann._.::Nice made up 4th quarter per lol.  How bout the....................... finals aka When it matters most lol?
2kobeisgood4::And after Lebron lost to Dallas was he jerkin off to Kobe's five rings
Heavyweight on Bantam::Watch him say something about the Finals
Gogoberrymix6::stats say otherwise.
Oxfordian Theory::kobe has been atrocious in the clutch this year... meanwhile lebron has a 25-7 record with a 33 PER in the 4th quarter... and it was lebron nailing clutch jumpers sending the heat to the finals last year while kobe was at home jerkin' off to lebron's stats...   just sayin.
KDkilla35::fact: lakers still suck
workman47::After coming up short in the playoffs all of those years, of course
workman47::Fact: Thunder will be relocated in less than 10 years
Birdmann._.::ur tiny peen?
Oxfordian Theory::"Deron Williams just 5th player in NBA history to make 8 3's AND 10 FT in same game (Kobe (twice), LeBron, Ray Allen, Dumars)." - ESPNStatsInfo  If you believed the hate you would think it impossible for Bowling Ball LeBron to make eight 3's in one game (shot 8-11).  But not only is LeBron the best finisher in history, he is also a great perimeter shooter as well.  <i>(Jordan's career high for 3's in a game is 7 vs. Golden State 01/18/90)</i>
ZodModule::In what history? Your own?
2kobeisgood4::That guy Theory talks about Lebron like no one else has seen him play  We are not Lebron Fans
2kobeisgood4::I'm a Lakers fan was never a Bulls fan nor a Cleveland or Miami fan
Oxfordian Theory::"you will be"  -yoda
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::The best finisher in history averaged 3pts &amp; 2 boards in the 4th qtr of last years finals
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Given that this era doesnt allow contact I wouldnt be willing concede either meaning
workman47::Or on his mom's face idk
workman47::I think he meant finishing around the basket
Oxfordian Theory::correct.
Birdmann._.::jordan was a driver
Oxfordian Theory::that's partially my point.  haters also think of lebron as a driver with a weak outside shot - like MJ.  but this is far from the truth.
kionkobe08::Lakers interested in Gilbert Arenas and Michael Beasley.. With them on board, +World Peace (how ironic), this surely is gonna be fun!  LET'S GET READY TO RUMBLEEEEE! (Literally!)
Birdmann._.::skin flakes
anonymous_sports_watcher::Two peanuts walked into a bar, and one was a-salted.
Birdmann._.::HAAAAAA
anonymous_sports_watcher::A guy with dyslexia walks into a bra.
Birdmann._.::Mary Elizabeth Winstead.... Hot or Not?
idemandarecount::Who?
Oxfordian Theory::Yeah, I gotta say hot.  Or maybe it's just hot enough.
Gogoberrymix6::is she in mcDonalds commercials?
idemandarecount::Shave that Stupid Stash, Please
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Hot no question
Gogoberrymix6::If you reply to this, you want me sexually
idemandarecount::Your sick Morrison, you need help
Birdmann._.::I think I want you sexually
BigPage24::Now that Carmelo is the Back the knicks will go back to their losing ways
idemandarecount::They will return to planet Earth
anonymous_sports_watcher::melo should not be the Back
Lakerevolution::Back to the normal world of Kobe being the most popular player in the NBA.
Birdmann._.::Whenver I try to view profiles it says <b>"We're sorry, but something went wrong."</b>
anonymous_sports_watcher::sounds like my profile
Oxfordian Theory::That's what the doctor said to your parents when you were born.
Gogoberrymix6::Are you the antistratfordian guy?
Gogoberrymix6::my profile isnt worth viewing
Birdmann._.::hah I actually was trying to view your profile
Gogoberrymix6::Kobe did shoot 50% today.  It's such a rarity I thought I should mention that
idemandarecount::Please change your Avatar
idemandarecount::Great shooting %, for once. I can live with those numbers. The Lakers will win more if he plays like that
Oxfordian Theory::/)O_O(\
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::You gon' cry in the car
Gogoberrymix6::I have heard of it but I can't recite one line of it
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Ever heard of the movie Friday?  *rhetorical question*
Gogoberrymix6::What the link for a SoCrazyIJustMightWorl to English translator?
matsuo2007::was this supposed to be funny?
RealChampions08::$@%!$ &gt; spoiled brat
RealChampions08::no.  celtics boy.. 17 titles ... never to be matched
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Lol never to be matched we right behind yall.. &amp; yall did all of yall winning with less competition... If anything savor that 8 titles in a row THAT will never be done again
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::You a Failtics fan?
RealChampions08::kobe please go play on mars. just cease to exist on this planet please. you are the worst cancer in sports history. thank you
RealChampions08::i think vanssa owns half of mars by now
Birdmann._.::Kobe actually volunteered for the plan Mars trip go check it out
RealChampions08::d i e laker scum. f u c k LA  lakers done its over faker fans... theyre just teasing you with wins here and there.. franchise will go to the toilet where it belongs. move them back to minnesota. LA doesnt deserve shiiiittttt
elibird123::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0&amp;feature=player_embedded
ZodModule::Funny a Celtics fan talking about it's over as your team slips into the lottery
RealChampions08::yeah a bit. this is fun
matsuo2007::lol u mad?
Birdmann._.::epic crazy hater
ESPN C H I N K::Gas prices are way to high!
idemandarecount::I agree. Isn't this suppose to be an election year?
idemandarecount::Happens every 4 years it seems. LOL
ESPN C H I N K::The candidates will say "If I am elected I will lower gas prices!!"
Lakerevolution::I'm voting for that Irish dude, O'Bama.
anonymous_sports_watcher::also the rent
Lakerevolution::I blame dinosaurs.
Birdmann._.::I am eating dinosaurs right now.  Pretty tasty!
ESPN C H I N K::Bynum went 5-7  Why isnt he getting more touches?
Birdmann._.::because the lakers don't have a point guard
Lakerevolution::No microfractures here.
idemandarecount::Great Question, I'd like to know the answer to that one
Oxfordian Theory::Because Kobe is not Lebron and cannot run an offense that involves more than one player.
Gogoberrymix6::Kobe failed chemistry in high school
Lakerevolution::Kobe said so.
Jennertalia::Metta World Peace (Ron Artest) is a lot like Dennis Rodman without the rebounding.  So, pretty much worthless.
idemandarecount::Ever since he got his new contract with the Lakers, he's been going down hill. He needs to lose weight, strike that, he needs to find the fountain of youth. We want Ron Artest of 7 years ago Not the World Peace P.O.S.
anonymous_sports_watcher::winning isn't everything...unless you play for a big market team
idemandarecount::I wonder who the Lakers are targeting? Please don't say Howard. He's not coming, i'm sure of that.
Oxfordian Theory::they're targeting sh*tty players who the fans will cry about once they're acquired.  they'll say kupchak has to be fired, jim buss needs to be fired and that this was the worst season in laker history because of epic personnel blunders.  ...at least, that's what might happen if someone like beasley comes over at an expensive price.
Lakerevolution::OK. Cool.  Dwight already proved he's not L.A. material.  He can't hang on the West Coast.
ESPN C H I N K::cool insight
anonymous_sports_watcher::despite the press...since 98 99 Lakers:5 Spurs: 4 PIstons:1 Celtics:1 Heat:1 Mavs:1
