MoneyMikz::V C U, Go Rams Go!!
kazman66::Didn't it seem like they played better without Gasol?
Munster 55::29 March UPDATE - Utah Jazz beat Portland and are now tied with the Lakers for the 8th spot
xmanfolife::Coach Mike is an idiot.......older team w/ a short man rotation.  News flash, on the 2nd of back to back games play the kids on the bench.  Team is too old to b running seven man rotations on back to back games.  Get the old guys some rest on the 2nd game.....not rocket science.  Why is Clark on the bench??  Let Gasol run the 2nd unit....they'll b stronger for it.   Team has been better w/ Clark starting...coach has no clue.
The AMH::Enough is enough, Mike Brown must go!
elcappytan::i thought Kobe was in grumpy mode..what a joke
Emil4617::what no one here to defend their HERO that fella kobe? guess they finally come to reality  that lakers are MEDIOCRE....
jimmiesjonesen::Larry Sanders out plays Dwight Howard should be the real headline!!What kind of roster is this put together by Mitch?Why would you hire D'Antoni to run his system with a bunch of old guys now?Bad owner, bad management,bad coaching and unenthusiastic play it's a quadruple double for the Lakers!!!SUCK!!! Howard and Gasol are babies soft,injured,jokes!!!Lakers have been making bad decision's for like 10 years they just got lucky with Kobe and Shaq.....the reign is over!!!Pissed as hell and RIP DR.BUSS YOU WILL BE MISSED!!!
johnnydhow22::Well said!
blistex649::The only redeeming thing about Lakers making the playoffs will be the show of annihilation and utter destruction of them over 4 games.    Kobe shooting another 30% series lol.
Cole8822::His "supporting cast" has 3 future hall of fame players in it. No excuses.
GiantsCowboysWarriors::but it won't be his fault they lost, it will be his supporting cast. You know, the same group that didn't help him win those rings in the first place....
GiantsCowboysWarriors::Nothing better than the Lakers sucking and Kobe being shown for what he is. A showboating brick layer that dominates the offense to the point of ineptitude. Chamberlain, but short.
GEVOR5::FIRE MIKE D'ANTONI A.S.A.P....  Yes or NO
GiantsCowboysWarriors::No! he's doing great! It's the players, not the coaching!  -LOLfanclub
Emil4617::NO! He is doing a fine job,in fact extend his coaching contract and give him the KEY to the city........
GEVOR5::I say YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
OmniVersal::Geez just how awesome and dominant were Shaq and Phil to win in spite of Kobe.
nylee64::lmao @ saying the Lakers were about to figure things out?  How?   Oh they are wishing they hired Phil Jackson now
Asonte22::Please don't mention Kobe's name in the same paragraph as MJ, Magic, Kareem... even LeBron and CP3.  In a season like this, I could see Michael Jordan telling the entire team to ignore everything Dantoni says and do exactly as he says.  Magic and CP3 would've figured out a solution but of course all these players probably wouldn't end up in position where they are fighting for the playoffs with a squad that is supposed to contend for the championship.    Kobe has no clue how to play the game of basketball to win.  He may be one of the greatest scorers ever but if I had to bet on a player to get 30 points in any given game, I'd probably go with Carmelo or Durant.
kugutsumen81277::It seemed like they were finally figuring things out, then things went south starting from the 2nd half of the Wizards game until last night. What happened then? Well, after a great 1st half of team ball wherein the ball was being moved around and the Lakers were up 15+ on the Wizards, a certain someone in the 2nd half went off the reservation again and went 1 on 5 and they  lost. The chemistry has gone toxic again to this day.
smithy639::Stop making la,me excuses!!!your lakers are a joke and have been since the start of the season!!! your 37-36 what a disgrace!!!! LMAO
kugutsumen81277::Read the post again. I didn't make excuses for them. I just emphasized how things are way out of sync again after a stretch where it seemed like they were pretty much on the same page already or getting there.
smithy639::Lakers are finished and rettard fakers who do not think so need to lay off the crack pipe!!!you needed to build for the future not sign a 39 year old nash to 3 years and howard who had just come back from surgery!!! Lakers needed 3 or 4 young players instead they got the most epic fail ever in lakers history!!! LOL
smithy639::Miami heat 27 game win streak.......................clippers 18 game win streak.............nuggets 15 game win streak...................lakers 6 game win streak!!! LMFAO Lakers are PATHETIC!!!
ONLYRINGSMATTER::When will the President of Basketball Operations be held responsible?  When will the President of Basketball Operations succeed?  When will the President of Basketball Operations put the team's success before HIS agenda?
ONLYRINGSMATTER::Trolling since March 4, 2013  -L.A Fakers
L.A Fakers::Lakers fans are idiots.
nodonovan1377::Lakers headlines read like elderly injury reports......  Kobe (foot), Nash (hip) hurting, Lakers fall.
kenny352352352::Help. i've fallen and i can't get up:)
desmond240::ok i agree kobe is done
obiru::Oh how much has changed in less than a year.  Before the season started, Faker fans were calling Championship! Championship! for the next 3 years.  Now it looks like they won't even make the playoffs.  What's worse is they've bet the farm on Nash and Howard and will pay the price going forward.  Their best hope for this year is to be a lottery team.  But they'll probably trade that away for Kevin Garnett.
obiru::Well, there ya go...
bizz...::They  already  traded    pick  if  they  finish  in   lottery  position
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lmfao go bucks!
sumodude28::3 years ago = no one cared about the Heat 2 years ago = everyone hated Heat cuz of "decision" 1 year ago = 90% of current Heat fans became fans AFTER they won title This year = Heat fans say their team is best ever and that they have been a fan for a long time  --- pathetic
CanesJags4life::Plenty of people cared about the heat before Wade got there.
smithy639::What is even more hillarious is that pathetic fakers keep saying next year next year!!! Next year you will be even worse!!!!kobe will be 35 nash will be 40 and coward will still be a disgrace!!! The lakers are finished and they should have started building for the future bringing in 3 or 4 young players not a 39 year old grandad nash!!!
RayTerrellReed::i find it hilarious that the Lakers want Dwight Howard as the future of the team but yet almost the whole team gets more shots then him
smithy639::Miami heat 27 game win streak..................clippers 18 game win streak..................nuggets 15 game win streak..................Fakers 6 game win streak!!! LMFAO!!!
smithy639::LOL lakers head..............yeah lets bring howard and nash to la would b a great idea................................BIGGEST joke in the history of the nba!!! Poor kobe asks for help gets it and fails even more!!! LMAO
DFilice1953::Poke 'em with a fork.  They're done :(
bizz...::I  guess  the  Lakers    are  giving  up    trying  for  the  6  seed......This  bucks  game    shows  us  that    the  Lakers  are  quitters.......   They  WO"NT    put  the  effort  out  to  finish  a  game.....!
smithy639::LOL the lakers problem is that kobrick has NEVER been a team player so why the hell did they sign a grandad nash to 3 years and get howard who just came back from surgery? Lakers organisation is PATHETIC!!!
Pusherman3::Lakers are old, slow and overpaid.
Jarocho2005::What a mess the Lakers have become this year.  Is painfully obvious that the team either trades a few players on the offseason or they let go of the coach.  Kobe has become a turnover machine and his lack of D is just too frustrating to watch.
CanesJags4life::So is this loss and injury karma for his comments about the Rubio no call foul?
CanesJags4life::Last i checked the NBA isnt 1v1. Its 5v5. Kobe tried to carry a team 1v5 a couple years ago. I think Nash and the suns sent him home packing.
Joey White25::Who cares one on one Kobe would kill rubio.  That guy is a chump who makes a living passing the ball. Kobe don't play dat.
lvlr_l3anks::Kobe's biggest problem right now is NOT that he shoots too much, or shoots bad shots... it's that he's turning the ball over too much trying to make the showtime pass instead of the simple play. I'm not saying his shot selection doesn't hurt the Lakers, but if he didn't have 6 turnovers a game the Lakers would be in a much better place.
rob1165::joey, your an idiot.
CanesJags4life::Why even have teammates then? Kobe should just play 1v5. im sure hed win huge.
Joey White25::Exactly he's trying to play team ball, and Kobe don't do that.  He needs to stop worry about what the media thinks and go out and try to score 81 points in every freaking game.  If he shot the ball 50 time a game he would probably score 100 points.  Why not do that?  He would win MVP for sure and break the scoring record.  I hate that Mr. Pringles thinks Kobe passing is a good thing.
lvlr_l3anks::I'm sick and tired of people using the 'Well the Lakers have 4 All-Stars' bulls.hit when they're talking about them. Last I checked the Lakers had 2 this year, and honestly Dwight had no business being there so that leaves Kobe. Nash is not All-Star caliber right now, nor is Pau. They're old, slow and severely banged up, so why is everyone expecting the Lakers to do anything more than they are right now?
Joey White25::I think they should just run high screens to get Kobe one on one and since he's the best ever at one on one and has never lost even once, he will kill it again.  The guy just needs to get some open looks or shots where he's only covered by one person.  He's getting double teamed every time he has the ball and then is forced to take his fadeaways from 3 that aren't going in.  Dwight Howard sucks, Shaq would have gotten offensive boards if he was on the team.
media afraid to tell the truth about kobe game::are you for real or just trolling? how old are you 12?
lvlr_l3anks::I'm not sure where you're going there, but read above ^^^  The Lakers can't win without really solid ball movement, oh, and they have to stop being lazy on their defensive rotations.
Joey White25::Seriously and who cares about teammates they have Kobe Bryant in that lineup.  He has proved it before, when he shot 48 times he scored 81 points.  What can't Mr. Pringles understand?  He needs to go back and watch those tapes.  Kobe is isolation is the GOAT.
CanesJags4life::Lols. Of course kobe will claim hes never lost. Im sure there are plenty of isolation instances where he has lost.
Joey White25::CanesJags4life - Jordan in isolation is better than Kobe.  In his dreams, Kobe said it himself.  He's never lost one on one, ever.  He beat McGrady in China in his sleep, when McGrady was suppose to be in his prime.
CanesJags4life::Jordan in isolation is better than Kobe.
GreenDragoon55::"6 for 17 but I got my 30!" - Kobe Bryant
Joey White25::He would have scored more had Stern not fixed that game.  He wants to make sure Kobe loses so that Lebron and Durant will take over the NBA.  He's forgetting the stone cold killer that is Kobe.  Come 4th quarter he doesn't miss when the game matters.  I'm so sick of this team ball concept that Mr. Pringles is trying to do.  Let Kobe shoot damn it!
Emil4617::yeah must agree,kobrick is turning from a rapist to a killer......
lvlr_l3anks::By the end of the season the Lakers will have had no less than 166 games lost to injury to their core players. That's like 2 core players not playing at all the whole year. But the 166 games is spread between 7 players which; and I don't care what team you choose, has caused too much disruption to resemble a good team.
que008::Offense is not the Lakers problem. They cant defend on the perimeter
Joey White25::Exactly and Kobe needs to stop thinking about his teammates and shoot more.  Mr. Pringles is trying to play a team game and he needs to realize he has Kobe freaking Bryant on his team.  Kobe hasn't won 5 rings by "getting his teammates involved."  THat $@%! is for college basketball, not Kobe ball.  They need to fire Mr. Pringles and let Kobe coach too.    Could you imagine how good they would be if every play was a Kobe isolation?
rynospurs21::I believe that is what Kobe runs on every play no matter what the coach is calling.
rynospurs21::and zero wins with all their starting five on the floor. What is your point?
Emil4617::True,but good teams,TEAMS that is find a way to remain good and win when it most counts,lakers do not fit a team right now.....
Grumkin04::I hope the Lakers make the playoffs, just so I can watch them get swept by the Spurs or Thunder. Then we can all listen to the Laker homers talk about the greatness that will ensue next year.
rob1165::joey in less you something inteligent to say. blow away
Joey White25::No in the 4th quarter Kobe won't miss come playoff time.  I wouldn't be surprised if they sweep every game until they meet the Heat in the finals.  Then that series will go 6 games with Kobe hitting a contested 3 with 4 players in his face to win his 6th ring.  Then all you haters will finally realize that Kobe is the GOAT.
rynospurs21::Put down the pipe. This isnt NBA 2K13
Emil4617::Reality, come back to reality. Or lay of the drugs a while.
Joey White25::The refs blew that game.  Kobe was getting hacked all game.  The NBA is rigged!  David Stern wants to try to keep Kobe down so Lebron and Durant can take over.  Kobe will hit 2-3 game winners and the Lakers will make the playoffs, watch and learn Kobe haters.
Joey White25::No, he kept getting fouled on his shooting hand.  That is why he had one of his first bad shooting nights of the year. The guy deserved to be on the foul line at least 40 times last night.  The NBA is rigged which is why I'm not watching another game until it's the playoffs when Kobe will end up averaging 50 points a game again.  He just needs to be the cold blooded killer that he is and stop worrying about his teammates.  If he'd start shooting more I guarantee he'll get hot and end up with 81 points again.
Emil4617::kobrick for 3 miss,kobrick for 3 miss kobrick for 3 miss, and you want him to shoot more,well hope he does cause he misses more often than he makes it he already takes way too many stupid,stupid shots and it shows during his play...
Grumkin04::Are you serious? He shot 20 free throws, id think the refs were actually keeping them in the game.
oneandonlybabe::slow board and all, I guess...
Grumkin04::Yeah, I see that now.
oneandonlybabe::Nah he's not serious, he's just trolling for fun, man.
Joey White25::Kobe &gt; Brandon Jennings Kobe &gt; Jamal Crawford
JakeStein97::no one said he wasn't. but bucks &gt; lakers!
Joey White25::I read an interview with his wife the other day.  I guess she made it seem like Kobe is playing possum in the regular season this year.  Come playoffs he's gonna wake up and dominate like he always does.  The guys is the GOAT, and he's just saving himself like a smart veteran should do.  As soon as the NBA goes to sleep on Kobe, boom!  He'll erupt for 81 points again.
highly debatable with extra sauce::double monitors...and this is free comedy
oneandonlybabe::Gotta give you props for endurance man. Three hours after you're still trolling along saying the same things over and over, LOL
Joey White25::oneandonlybabe - LOL No, I'm mad I got Kobe wannabe Melo instead...  That does suck, well at least you got Amare!
oneandonlybabe::LOL No, I'm mad I got Kobe wannabe Melo instead...
Joey White25::Your just mad Kobe isn't on your favorite team.  The guy is a stone cold killer who is bound to erupt for 81 on any given night.  He's trying to do what Jordan didn't ever do.  Be counted out, and then come back and win his 6th ring.
highly debatable with extra sauce::well yea...when you don't pass and shoot almost all of your teams shots
rynospurs21::20 FTA's and 17 FGA's and only 30 points. I think we all know what the issue with the Lakers is.
smithy639::KOBRICK CRYANT!!!
rynospurs21::Sander dominated last night!
gordlig::Ebanks, Morris, Sacre, and Duhan never come off the LA bench.  Since world peace went down, the lakers are only playing with 8 guys (most teams use 9-10 every night).  Are these guys that bad?
smithy639::After the heats awesome 27 game win streak they are 13 games ahead of the pacers in the east.....with 12 games to go heat lose 12 in a row and still top the east and get homecourt till the finals!!! Lakers lose 4 more and its bye bye lakers fishing time!!! LOL
highly debatable with extra sauce::Since when is 34 old?!?!
Emil4617::that is still young,they are just digging for the best excuse for that epic fail there in la
smithy639::just Mclean513 talking utter bulls..t and trying to defend how shite the lakers have become!!!
smithy639::Mclean513 kobe lost in in his old age?LMFAO!!! Kobe is 34 when jordan was 34 he had a 72-10 record,4th ring, 4th season mvp and 4th finals mvp!!! Seriously you kobe slurpers trying top blame kobes age at 34!!! Jordan at 40 years old on the abysmal wizards did better than kobe at 34 with howard gasol and nash!!! LMFAO
JakeStein97::LOL
Joey White25::Kobe is still better than Jordan, he just doesn't have a team built around him like Lebron and Jordan have/had.  If the Lakers were built around Kobe he's average 81 points a game, and win the MVP again.
I hate Jerry Jones::Gotta love DisnESPN's headline for this game:  "Kobe leads Lakers with 31......(lakers lose)"  Even when they SUCK Kobe is a hero...LMAO!  DisnESPN, when are you all gonna get your mouths off Kobe's n.utsack?
I hate Jerry Jones::DisnESPN is all about the HEAT and the LAKERS.  It's like this every year, they are always the story.  Even in major failure they are the top headline...it's disgusting.
Emil4617::from what i can see it is the other way around,kobe can keep his mouth on their sack and they can build him up all they want,most know that this kobe fella is mediocre...
Clipper_fan21::The refs gave the Lakers an assist in the win against Minnesota and they still get their $@%!$ kicked against Milwakee
