jack::Rockets have improved much from the beginning of the season. they have come to understand what kind of team they are and how they can play one another on the court. they are still learning. Lin scored double digits for two consecutive games and keep it up with the trend. hopefully the coaching staff can see it too and won't bench Lin in the 4th quarter. Parson is really smart because he reads the other team's defense better. great job to Howard, another dominate performance. great job to Hardon, great shooter and cluth shots. Great job to T.Jones too, another over-around performance.  However, there is something that worries me. it seems McHale has overused their starters this season. McHale still let his starters play heavy minutes against ordinary team like New Orlean? if you want to be an elite team, you need to train your second unit, make them ready for the playoff.
TEX::This is why I believed LIN should play the whole game. Against Memphis, Lin played bad 1st 3 quarters. Tonight he played bad again. But he came back both games to help the team win. (If Beverley was playing, Mchale would have sat Lin out for 4th quarter cause he sucks.) And the last 2 games woulda been losses and Lin woulda scored 4 points(Memphis) and 0 points tonight. And all you Lin Haters woulda blame Lin.  Lately McHale has been challenging Lin to play DEFENSE and he step up. I admit seeing Lin missed shots make me wanna bench him too. I like to see what would happen if McHale bench Harden. All hell would break loose.
Eric C::Houston better rest as much as possible with OKC waiting tomorrow.
JaValeMcGee::d12 had another great game.   Thanks to Kobe.      Lin did not score well 1st 3 quarters.  But holding opponent low too.   I am expecting flooding of messages from Lin haters.
D. Darqwon::The Pelicans will be feeling good coming off a nice win over Denver last night.  The Rockets spirits should be high as well after having won back to back games in different yet equally impressive fashions.  Houston has the edge in talent and experience but N.O. has a youthful, energetic, and talented roster of it's own and should not be underestimated.  Add to that, Houston is still dealing with injuries to key players and N.O. is looking to get back to .500 with a win, and things could get interesting.  Nevertheless, Houston still should be able to come out of this with a victory as long as they don't get caught looking ahead to tomorrow nights high profile matchup with the Thunder.    Go Rox!!!
Phil::I promise about 80% of the ppl that post here does not know squat about BBall...Some say Brooks should be the starter, others say JLin while others are saying Beverly should be the starter...Man it's so confusing. The Rockets have 3 PG's each with his own flaw.    Brooks can't be the started b/c he's height is already a huge disadvantage, all the other team needs to do is post him up on every possession until he's fouled out. yes he can score but he's gonna give up the same or more point to the opposing team  Lin is not a great defender but can definitely hold he's own. #1. he's 6'3 so its hard for other team's PG to post him up since they're same height or he's slightly taller. Lin is the ideal starter but on a team like the Rockets who's 2Guard is the star player and dominates the ball...the best way for Lin to be effective (% wise and scoring is if he comes off the bench) This is not a knock on him rather a result of the way the Rockets are designed.   This is where Beverley comes in, he's the starter because he's not offensively gifted as Lin so him coming off the bench does not help the Rockets at all...cause u want the guy coming of your bench to be a pretty good scorer..  Finally after seeing this game and few others u can see why i want Lin to Anchor the bench. Our bench scorers are so streaky its not even funny, i think Pelican's bench outscored them by like 20 points or so...their is no way the Rockets starters are going to make it to 82 game + playoffs avging over 40mins a game. The manager needs to do something...Garcia and Omri  has been awol  since the month of Dec. especially Garcia.
Ddur Gsgs::12% on 3s, so cold recently.
D. Darqwon::Tied at halftime. That's disappointing for the Rockets.
oldsecretary::If you're tired of seeing Honkies Love Welfare's irrelevant comments, remember you can always hide his comments by hovering over the thumbs, clicking the flag that appears and select mute this commenter.  I just did so to Honkies Love Welfare, you can post all you want.  I won't be seeing anymore of your comments.
Honkies Love Welfare::Kroger, America's largest grocery chain, has transferred one of its store managers after customer Cindy Honky a Georgia woman accused the manager of mocking her for using food stamps, local news outlet 13WMAZ reports. Last week, she says, the manager told Honky that her purchases weren’t covered by food stamps.   Her last name is HONKY?   By looking at this lady's picture this white lady weighs over 300LBS. If she is on welfare how does she get all that money to by food?
