murdahhh::randolph &gt; griffin tonight
diehardnr1::Good comeback to tie it late Minny...  Up until half time it seemed like Nuggets were going to have a carbon copy of the GS game...6 straight quarters of domination... and then the "we-got-this" attitude showed up...and "killa-instinct" left the Pepsi Center.    GK must bear a large amount of guilt in this trend... he needed to shock his team and put in the likes of Ham, Stone, Mozgov, Bird (wtf is up with him???) and let the complacent rotation guys know that their minutes are not guaranteed.  "killer instinct" has to be instilled by the coach...and complacency being punished is a good start...  Still....a W is a W.....  Good job Faried, KK, AlH, AAA, Ty  GO NUGGETS!!!
The. North. Star. State.::So what this boxscore tells me is that Randolph and Williams deserved more playing time all year, while Wes and Martell once again offer nothing more than a hot pile of shit. Who would have thought?
yeahgodisgood2me::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. There is a reason this system is all over Google as highly rated, it works
WarriorsWarrior::Kevin Love found out how Luis Scola felt getting kick in the head... only worst?
Jg2.o::I've been saying it all season....Free Anthony Randolph!!!
Jg2.o::Well it's time to play the young guys as much as possible, but one thing about Rick - he prefers limited rotations.
MNSPORTS93 Round 5 WTF ESPN::Me too! if he gets enough minutes and gets a couple shots to fall he gets on a roll
lamriverside13::Andrew Bynum 30 rebounds game, what is he trying to do at the end?????????????? shooting a damn 3?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBu-VdoXaiQ
b2msbro::haha hes havin fun
RockyMountainWay1::Wow what a downpour that was
twodaysfast::So glad it is raining tonight.  I cannot honestly remember the last time it rained up here north of Denver.
Slurm Soda::You dont like the rain
Slurm Soda::Me too it's still raining here
RockyMountainWay1::I love rain.
GerardoE303::well im out cya guys on Friday...
b2msbro::Peace !!
GerardoE303::and smh today the timber trolls on friday the faker fans....
b2msbro::Fantasy Baseball league:  http://games.espn.go.com/flb/leagueoffice?leagueId=290516  We need more people
Coloradosports145::WAIT rox scored 16 nuggs 113 so does this mean we get tacos for free?
Mod_in_Tree::and burning movements, too!!
Coloradosports145::15 more till 3000
GerardoE303::lol my bad b2msbro im just bored haha
b2msbro::Haha w/e
GerardoE303::its cool dude i wont tell nobody
b2msbro::The japan quakes??
b2msbro::stalker to the max !!
b2msbro::LOL
Slurm Soda::lol
Slurm Soda::We need more people for the league
GerardoE303::What did the blind man say to the other blind man? Nothing. They were both blind and thus unable to speak.
Masai Ujiri::this board is lagging for me. bye everyone
GerardoE303::cya man
WeAreMN::I don't like that it's a concussion, but at least he can finally get some rest.
JustineS04::Better than a neck injury. They were worried about that.
GerardoE303::james ford
Slurm Soda::Sawyer
Masai Ujiri::My Giants got rammed by the rockies
Coloradosports145::THIS GUY????? i thought u were rooting for the ROX!
RockyMountainWay1::You should pitch for em
GerardoE303::dude i wont tell no one ur name
Slurm Soda::I can't find the league someone give me a link
GerardoE303::http://games.espn.go.com/flb/leagueoffice?leagueId=290516
gary wheatley::well yall  im outta here  talk to ya all after the laker game. Hope they can pull it out but wouldnt bet the farm or someones wife on it lol
DenverDiehard35::Lol Avs dont make playoffs and they extend their coach for 2 years.... this is a strange time we live in
Masai Ujiri::haha
GerardoE303::i wont tell no body
Slurm Soda::sup tim
GerardoE303::lol
gary wheatley::its not even a given they will make the playoffs
gary wheatley::that would be sweet colorado but their schedule is pretty tough the rest of the way
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::Gosh, will the Wolves ever make the playoff?
Masai Ujiri::I joined that Baseball Fantasy
GerardoE303::g
b2msbro::Saweeeeet
Slurm Soda::I guess i will too if everyone else is. i have to change my real name on here though
Coloradosports145::nuggets at 6th seed by end of season?
gary wheatley::yes dm the wolves did fight back but the Nuggs helped them out a whole lot too. 2 wolves scored a combined 50 points when their season point average totals about 13 or 14 points
dmcmorris08::Good point, its easy to get lazy when you are up by that much.
GerardoE303::and slurm i forgot to tell you did you listen to those hopsin songs i told you about?
Slurm Soda::Which ones
GerardoE303::that whole album is pretty good, and have you seen the video on youtube where he gets jumped by two dudes?
Slurm Soda::I listened to sexy cyber before but not story of mine
GerardoE303::se,xy cyber and story of mine
dmcmorris08::Gotta give credit to the twolves for fighting back, but they are masters at tanking seasons, any bit of adversity and they spiral.
b2msbro::Gerardo escoto
GerardoE303::lol you know my name now :OOOO
GerardoE303::lol i read a profile name of danny called: Danny Toke it up the anny mejia haha
gary wheatley::sometimes the look on Karls face after a games , he is thinking," when should I resign, I cant handle much more of this"
Danny The Tranny Mejia::http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/b2msbro#/fans/b2msbro/albums/8574131/images/1367054  <b> That's my favorite picture of my little Nick ;)</b>
Slurm Soda::he looks frustrated
Mod_in_Tree::he's reenacting the opening to 2001
Mod_in_Tree::full ret.rd moment.
Slurm Soda::Are you a teacher Nick Corum
b2msbro::Lol no why
Mod_in_Tree::i hate to be mean but when did gk's face turn into a medicine ball with features?
gary wheatley::well one good thing tonight, the Rockies crushed the Giants 17 to 8
Slurm Soda::Nick Corum
gary wheatley::I never liked bird that much but I bet he JUST CANT WAIT for the season to end so he can tell Karl to go screw himself lol   that was bad on my part huh
gary wheatley::hey slurm, what you bet no matter the situatjion, Bird doesnt play one minute the rest of the year
Slurm Soda::Yeah he must have pissed Karl off
GerardoE303::Nick Corum i joined ur fantasy leauge bro
b2msbro::Dammit you know my name now
GerardoE303::lol if you go to the fantasy leaugue u can also see my name
b2msbro::If anybody wants to play fantasy baseball join my league: "I almost made it so second base!" is the name
b2msbro::Haha wow this is how every1 feels ehh? I'm honored
Slurm Soda::I don't trust you as the commissioner
DenverDiehard35::Who here is cool?
MNSPORTS93 Round 5 WTF ESPN::Masai is.
Masai Ujiri::i got swag
Slurm Soda::http://tinyurl.com/7aey66e
jiggy007::Does anyone else think Rubio should rehab his knee in CO?
MNSPORTS93 Round 5 WTF ESPN::Minnesota has the Mayo clinic. One of the best in the nation.
jiggy007::I know I live in MN..... It was a Kobe joke damn it.
13arodcano24::Lol. Rebounds are overrated. If J.J. Barea can get 15, then everyone can!
Mod_in_Tree::right place right time.
gary wheatley::TY I think Chandler is still day to day
Masai Ujiri::oh ok
Tatted up crazy slightly suicidal lazy nuggets fan::Some of yall need some sleep, dont wanna miss the school bus
DenverDiehard35::lame. I walk
jiggy007::uphill both ways..   I often drive by and laugh
CoachG2345::I am out... getting up in like 8 hours to get ready for pre gaming the Twins noon game... I hope to catch a Willingham bomb... best of luck rest of season Nuggets fans!!! GO WOLVES!!!
