Al Sotowitz::I still can't believe all the unwarranted hatred these fans spewed at Lebron and his family. There wasn't a single Cavs fan that had anything good to say about Lebron when he left. Now they stopped and looked around their dreary rust riddled city and realize he was the best thing they ever had. Worthless scumbags. I hope he has another decision and gives that whole dump of a city the bird on national TV.
George Chip Thayer::Grow up.  He left as it's a business.   So he's now the enemy.
Al Sotowitz::George Chip Thayer  Did you read my post, or did you just randomly post something completely irrelevant to what I said on purpose?
Marvin Davis::I for one , loved the first decision .
Chelo Mejias::Lebron visited him momma and daddy Delonte West while he was in town
Shannon Morgan::Grow up!
Chelo Mejias::Shannon Morgan   I bet you purchased a dog to replace your husband who left you for a young floozy
Shaun Brooks::get a life dude,hes a millionaire
Andy P Kordyban::Lets be honest. Every single Clevelander would take it in the bum twice if LeBron promised to come back to Cleveland.
Ryan Sems::Don't be gay, cat man.
Jimmy Simon::Beasley is the future!! He is a great pick up by the Heat.
Debra Quick::I second that. It's funny how people whine about the Heat being loaded and let players like bird man and MB get away or maybe it's just that Lebron makes everyone better.
Jorge Bouza::The Cav's were doubling him, he doesn't play D like Haslem but he can score, keep it going Michael.
Leasa Harrison::Debra Quick Let Chris Andersen aks The Bird Man get away?  Since when?  They signed him to another 1 year contract in July.  Get your facts straight please.
Jody George Prats::LeBron leads his team in points, rebounds, assists and field goal percentage?  *dude is sick
Jensee Loudmouthfag::That's because the rest of his team sucks
Jody George Prats::The team that just won back2back that sucky team?
Kyle Carter McAuley::So I'm a celtics fan, and your saying Dwayne Wade, C-Bosh, Ray Allen, etc. suck? Your dumb
Leland Wong::LBJ is the greatest thing that has happened to Basketball, he is a complete basketball player and a complete and caring human.
Leland Wong::Nearly all basketball peopl;e will tell you that LBJ is the most unselfish super star in the history of the NBA.
Keith Haemmerle::nearly all Heat fans you mean...Quick Wonger...where did LeBron go to college?
Craig Keller::Keith Haemmerle he can't spell college!
Tyrone Scuffling::Keith Haemmerle No retard, all basketball people.  We all know you're an idiot, but that's even more idiotic than normal.
Alan Ogg::facebook should stop allowing bathroom selfies unless you include a toilet.
George Chip Thayer::You do work at McDonalds.   I'll give you that one.
Chelo Mejias::Says a guy with a fake pic, profile, and name
Chad Sanders::...Ron Burgundy?!
Jeffery Austin::The front court of Beasley, Bosh and James looked good.
Igor Yank::Jordan didnt need to leave chicago to win a title.
Steven Christian Shaw::point being?
Calvin Jamal Canada::Because they drafted good and had Phil Jackson....Cleveland had Mike Brown....and who were their draft picks after LeBron again?
David Glass::Igor....are you really so stupid as to compare these two teams?  Cleveland lied to James over and over about getting him talent. He trusted them and signed an extension. Big mistake. MJ had a terrible team around him, had a similar promise but Chicago bright him the talent. MJ could not have won anything with the team the Cavs had. Get a clue.
Alvin Williams::CLEVELAND FANS SHOULD CONGRATULATE AND QUIT ALL THIS SILLY HATE IT IS OVER PEOPLE ARE SILLY AND HYPOCRITS IN CLEVELAND THATS WHY THE CITY IS CURSED THEY RAN ONE OF THE RICHEST MEN ON EARTH AT THE TIME HE LIVED OUT OF TOWN WHAT YOU EXPECT FROM A CITY FULL OF LOOSERS AND BY THE WAY THE MAN WAS JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER HE DID LEAVE THEM A PARK FOR THERE SORRY A______
George Chip Thayer::Turn off your cap button a hile
Leland Wong::Look in the playoffs against the San Antonio Spurs, LBJ was like a one man team, where was Wade and Bosh. The two are just minor role players now.
Shaun Brooks::ur right
Jeff Crowe::Wade was injured, and the fact that he was out there and STILL averaged just shy of 20 ppg....what series were you watching???
Phil Ofthefuture::Miami is the best team in the NBA. Pacers are overrated.
Keith Haemmerle::Pacers are the best team in the NBA Miami is over rated....
Jeremy Kaetz::Keith Haemmerle Are you really that stupid to say that the team who just won 2 championships back to back and brought even more talent this year than they had before is overrated? You obviously know nothing about basketball. Just go cry in the corner because your wife is banging your neighbor.
Justin Porter::Lebron goes for 50+ and the cavs fans will rejoyce!! THE KING IS COMING HOME!
David Glass::He did come "home". Then he beat the Cavs again and now is going to his adult home. He will be back in Cleveland again....just long enough to beat the crap out of the Cavs.
Ryan Sems::First comment.  Yay!!!  Cavs going from the Spurs to the Heat.  Yeah, this won't be pretty.
Alan Ogg::i love how its "just a stupid regular season game" when the heat win  but GOD FORBID they lost................ there would be 5000+ comments by now about how they won't 3 peat.
Giannis Ioannidis::I think that the Heat will win this one. LeBron is going to have a hell of a game and so will Dwyane. #UnstoppableHeat
Shaun Brooks::shut up
Giannis Ioannidis::Shaun Brooks Would you like to suck my dick now?
Jody George Prats::James shooting 61% this year. GOAT Alert
Kenny Zinke::LeBron James is back in Cleveland where he played for the Cavaliers for seven seasons.
Al Sotowitz::He will dribble a ball and shoot some baskets tonight. He will most likely breathe at some point to.
Daniel L. Zurcher::I'm a Cavs fan until the day I die, but the Heat are probably going to come in and take a dump on our chests. Hopefully I'm wrong, go Cavs!
Al Sotowitz::It's called a Cleveland steamer for a reason.
Donna Kelly::Waiters just proved everything he claimed was absolute fact!  Irving wouldn't stop shooting (6 of 19 attempts!) barely anything registers beyond turnovers (a lot) and ball-hogging galore.  Where's the ball bro? zero for 5 from 3 point land.  Minus 11.  Waiters killed.  24 points, 50 percent from 3 and 6 rebounds.  Of 11 players on Cavs, he's the only one with a plus rating.  Take that Brown!
Cal Trause::Now that Dion knows he's on the trade block, he wants to show those teams the skills.  I get the feeling he really didn't want to play here in the first place.
Leland Wong::LBJ gave the City of Cleveland seven good years, seven of the best years of his life, the city owes him ,he does not owed the city. He even  nearly single- handedly took them to the NBA finals one year.
Justin Porter::LMAO @ this guy... he did take them to the finals in 2007.. wow do you even watch the NBA??
Leland Wong::Great win for the Heat, MB is great, he will be the big three not Bosh. MB's PER is 23 way higher than Bosh. I think MB will stay clean for good this time, the talent is there. He is hanging around good company LBJ.
Miles Guthrie::Everyone is tired of making fun of Cleveland because of LeBron as shown by the whopping 300 comments here. Please move on espn.
Alan Ogg::you can't take a fanbase seriously when they jump around like monkeys after a 37% 3pt shooter makes a 3. really guys?  Its november 27, season ends 5+ months from now!
Anas Maswadeh::Coverage live @ >>. 2tu.us/71a6
