Shek Leone::Durant best player int he league idc
Pierre Aviles::I agree, and I'm not even an OKC fan
Christopher Cosper::I agree as well and I'm a heat Fan ...great player
Adam Youman::not tonight he wasnt....11 turnovers jesus..was hard to watch sometimes. he was being wayyy too unselfish and throwing the ball away
Campbell Miller::These West games don't even matter, everyone knows the East is taking home the championship once again.
Hugo Chavez-Rey::LOL, Campbell, you missed your calling as a comedian. Keep thinking that way.
Jeremy Lugo::Uuumm,  anything can happen,  I think your counting your chicks too early!
Ayn Bland::A gimped Wade and an Indy that's always blown out by OKC and you've already got the title in the East?  It's kinda early to be drinking, isn't it?
Justin Daniel Gower::LOL at Durant butthurt because Manu "manipulates the refs" yet Durant is the biggest flopper in the league to date. Btw, Kawhi wil be out for one month with a fracture in his hand
Shawn Bento::don't forget to like your own comment
Justin Daniel Gower::Shawn Bento i didn't.... lol nice try tho... 1/10
Shawn Bento::neat.  want a pat on your back?
Willie Woodberry::That freaking scrub Patrick Beverly just injured someone else.
Justin McElhaney::Who did he injure?
Willie Woodberry::Justin McElhaney... Cousins from SAC
Justin McElhaney::They should kick him out of the league....he has taken out 2 all stars...the league needs to adress this
Mike Dixon::Durant only has 36?  Slacker
Willie Woodberry::That will be in Skip Bayless' script tomorrow
Adam Youman::he had 11 turnovers...if you watched the game it was actually a pretty bad night for him. i hope they give him some criticism for it
Anthony Goris::to be honest if he wasn't trying so much to pass to perkins who has the basketball skills of a 3 year old would have half those turnovers
Edward Lloyd Baker::Anyone who doubts Durant's greatness needs to jump off Kobe or Lebron's d*ck and look at the facts: league leading scorer and solid defender, almost 50-40-90 again, won back-to-back games against two of the top 3 teams in the WC without his sidekick in a much tougher conference than Lebron.  Right now Durant is the best player in the NBA and the burden is on Lebron to prove otherwise.
Chelo Mejias::Any player can be great when they take 75 percent of the teams shots every game, constant whistles, and a decent supporting cast of non-scorers
Edward Lloyd Baker::Chelo Mejias Doubtful, very few would shoot 50-40-88 like Durant so your point is false.
Edward Lloyd Baker::Chelo Mejias Not to mention his leading the league in PER.
Ayn Bland::If anyone can work out a scheme to shut down KD without diminishing returns, it's Popovich.  Here's to Pappy drawing a blank on this problem.
Allen Gordon::Best coach in the league.
Adam Youman::Allen Gordon by far
Nathan Baker::Jackson had 27 on 17 shots with 8 assists and no turnovers.  Durant had 11 turnovers....how does Durant get the headline?  Credit where credit is due, ESPN.
Eleanor Riggby::Reggie Jackson stepping up is why they're winning games. People are all over KD's sack, but Reggie deserves the love.
Joseph Evans::Durant's on pace for 40 Pts-12 Reb-16 Ast. ALL HAIL THE BASKETBALL GOD!!!
Aron Zoltan Laszik::Spurs flop even more than i remember
Jake Shames::Parker's an underrated flopper.
Jeremy Lugo::Spurs gotta break the ice against the Thunder,  seems like they can't get over that hump against okc and the Blazers!  GOOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOO!!!!!
David Garcia::Spurs use the regular season to improve and for positioning. Id they win or lose isnt the end of the season. Not.much can break the Spurs mindset as long as Pop is running the show.
Mickey Hughes::Perk with the 5 ft air ball...lol
Willie Woodberry::After that shot last night, he thinks he's Patrick Ewing now... more like Ewww-ing,
Mickey Hughes::He was on a season high hot streak...1-1
Shawn Bento::Willie Woodberry don't talk about my boy Big Perk
Mark Sugimoto::Kevin Durant is the MVP of the league so far this season. Will be interesting to see how much his scoring goes down when Westbrook comes back.
Jordan Bowser::i don't think it will go down that much. obviously he won't be scoring 40+ seemingly every night, but he should easily still manage to hover around 30 points per game. maybe a little less.
Patrick Oliver::Does anybody flop more then the threesome of Duncan, Parker and Ginobili? It's almost funny to watch
Taylor Manes::Yes LeBron,bosh,battier,chalmers, Chris Paul.
Adam Youman::Taylor Manes ummmmm you forgot d wade
Jeremy Andreano::Durant...11 turnovers tonight but all anyone will talk about is his 36 points
Jake Shames::The Thunder could not have won without Jackson's performance.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::36 points on 22 shots is great shooting efficiency. Thats why.
Shawn Bento::He and Reggie led the Thunder to a win... bottom line.
Chelo Mejias::Durant is in the kitchen...and he's serving turnovers
Alan Ogg::you are in the kitchen making pita bread and hummus.
Chelo Mejias::Alan Ogg   You're in the Kitchen, Making Big Macs and Fries... we can play this game all night
Michael Vincent Porter::KD might get the 10 TO triple double tonight. lol
Seth Saathoff::It pains me to say this, but I'm seriously beginning to doubt that the Spurs have the raw talent needed to get it done this year. We have a great coach and a fantastic system, but the Portlands and OKCs of the world just have too much talent on the floor for us anymore. I realize that Leonard missed the second half of this game and that Green and Splitter are still out, but none of those guys are as talented as Batum or Matthews in Portland, Jackson or Ibaka in OKC, Stephenson or West in Indy etc etc. We are in dire need of a big time infusion of pure talent if we hope to get to the Finals again this year.
Harry Minton::Cheer up
Adam Youman::lol this is what everyone thinks right about now every year. and every you are proven wrong. take it from some one who isnt a spurs fan: you guys are fine!
Alan R. Hernandez::kd with 11 total turnovers. that is why he isn't better than lebron. kd is just a scoring monster. everything else is sub-par. lebron is the most efficient player in the world.
Brendan Adams::This is just one game and durant is averaging less turnovers a game than Lebron. Nice try.
Larry Serb::Interesting choice of headline: "Durant (36), OKC thump Spurs again"....How do you "thump" someone by 6 points?
Adam Youman::Honestly did not see that coming. The Spurs did an incredible job stopping (or at least slowing down) Durant. But jackson was the one who pushed it over the edge...what a great game tho
Lavender West::Spurs were missing 3 of their best defensive players including the guys who would be guarding Durant (Leonard) and Jackson (Green).  When 6'2" Corey Joseph is trying to guard Durant you know you are in trouble
Adam Youman::Lavender West durant was not the problem for the spurs tonight. he was more a problem for the thunder. forget all the points he scored he probably caused more due to his terrible turnovers. jackson was the reason they won. tho durant's 2 clutch 3's certainly did help. tony parker had a monster of a game tho
Matt Borba::Spurs haven't found a way to stop Jackson. In 3 games against the Spurs this year, Jackson averages 23.7 points, on 67% shooting (30-45).
Alan Ogg::Funny how Spurs fans talk trash about Heat fans leaving early in game 6 when Spurs fans ghost with 2+ mins left in the 4th quarter.  Hypocrites.
Steve Cain::Finals vs regular season, also many Heat players said that about fans.
Hugo Chavez-Rey::Time for the Spurs to show OKC that the road to the championship goes through San Antonio. Go Spurs!
Ayn Bland::You mean the Spurts have yet to figure out that it goes through OKC?
Trevor Hurt::Well OKC already won in San Antonio so...?
Aron Zoltan Laszik::I think OKC already went through san antonio..... Sooooo where does that leave that little comment ?
Caleb Hopkins::So glad we get to see this game on ESPN instead of TNT. - Said no one ever.
Shawn Bento::Lol at KD's comment on Manu's flopping
Mickey Hughes::Lol, The Master Manipulates of refs KFTD
