Usarmy236::Sixers are gonna be the team to beat when Hawes comes back
j.mayville::sixers are one of the only true teams left in the nba...they dont need to sign the best players and get all the superstars to win...if doug collins doesnt win coach of the year then its complete bullsh*t the sixers are finally winning and without pullin a miami heat of ny knicks SIXERS!!!!!!
salemram15::Didn’t you “Heat Fans” learn anything from last year? Obviously the Heat are a great team, but how can you be so arrogant after coming up short last year? Heat fans more than anyone should now know it’s foolish to guarantee a title based on individual talent alone. Coming off of a heartbreaking defeat in the finals last year should have given you a new perspective. Unless of course you weren’t heartbroken and if that’s the case then obviously you’re a front runner and you aren’t emotionally invested in your team. Fake Fans.
Invincible083::I love that the Streak prop was like 97% in favor of the Bulls @ 76ers. Give a little love to Collins' boys ESPN.
IlliniDave68::After Miami got HOUSED by Milwaukee, AGAIN, last night, with their boy pulling yet another 4th quarter fade, I'm surprised any Heat fans would have the nerve to show up here today. At least the Bulls lost to a good team.  Heat fans - straight past dumb and dumber, directly to dumbest.
Duffnstuff32::76ers all the way
42Wolverine21::man philly and chicago fans gots to be the rudest fans on earth they have peeps goin dudu all over there streets
Choose your member name::English? Did you skip 3rd grade or something?
IlliniDave68::He dropped out after 2nd.
killahs_ghost::Thanks for showing us how it's done, homey.
illphillyfan::Heat fans: you could learn something by reading these Bulls fans posts (i.e. how to show respect when its due and make an informed comment rather than just running your bandwagon mouth with no fundamental knowledge of the game or its history). Get out your liquid filled pen that makes the lady's bikini top fall off when turned upside down (yes, i know it makes you laugh every time), and take notes.
42Wolverine21::GO HEAT
Choose your member name::I'm not making excuses for the Bulls, the Sixers played a great game and handled them easily.   But, this team will not go anywhere without Deng. All of you that said that the Bulls would be okay without him obviously haven't been paying close attention. He is the most consistent scorer on that team and the best defender as well.   We didn't get Boozer to shoot jumpers, we got him because we needed a presence in the post. But now all he does is shoot fadeaway jumpers. When his shot isn't falling, mine as well take him out because he is just taking up space. Until Deng comes back we should expect these loses. My Bulls are not looking good right now.
cardseller05::While Deng does a great job in all aspects, Brewer has done a fantastic job standing in for him.  We cannot put blame on that position.  Boozer's defense is just utterly horrible, and when 4 of the players out there expect the 1 area to be covered, well, Boozer just stands back and let's the defense down.
nayr323::100% agree Boozer's defense is just terrible. And it's not like he is an amazing offensive player where his defense can slack. My opinion he is garbage on both ends of the floor. The bad thing is he is overpaid so much that no other team would even want him!
42Wolverine21::don like chicagos atitude need to wake up them heat gonna be all over this
IlliniDave68::Two words -  Milwaukee Bucks.  Three more words -  beat Miami twice.   Nuff said.
BearSlayer1::Man, I remember when the Arizona Wildcats had one of the best starting fives EVER from the Pac-10 conference 5. Channing Frye 4. Andre Iguodola 3. Hassan Adams 2. Mustafa Shakur 1. Salim Stoudamire  Pretty impressive, they all played in the pros at one point.
SJBulldogs26::What makes the sixers a notable contender is the fact that they are a real team. The is no superstar on this team, Iguodala, is a fantastic player, but no superstar. Other teams need to assemble great trios to be good. Ex: Heat, Celtics, Clippers. Even the Knicks tried, but they seemed to have failed so far. The 76ers have 12 superstars on their team. They have great chemistry and they play like they should, no 'i' in team. Love my sixers.
cardseller05::I wouldn't say "12 superstars" and "76ers" in the same sentence.
j.mayville::well it seems u can cause unlike ur team whoever they are the sixers are wiining...and its  a fact tht ur team isnt because ur here hatin on the sixers
forest39::they are a team that has 12 players who can play like a superstar any night
rackem_smackemm::Which is the worse free agent signing?  Boozer or Stoudemire?
cardseller05::Boozer by far.  His effort has been $@%! this year, and his defense is killing the teams in games.  Look at his +/-.  The only time the team does well with him in is when he can shoot 65% from the field, which is few and far between.  Stoud isn't used in D'Antoni's offense like he used to be, it's actually pretty ugly to be a Knicks fan... I'd be telling Melo to be a team player more and benefit off of what Stoud can do.
Phenom92::Amare, hands down.  Amare got over $20 million a year.
Choose your member name::I agree, I think the Knicks looked decent when they acquired Stoudemire. But along came melo
pnevarez37::boozer obviously. we know what stoudemire is cable of, but then melo joined along..
nayr323::Exactly Amare was being talked about for MVP for the first half of the season last year. Then Melo arrived....
Choose your member name::Boozer! And this coming from a Chicago fan. I can't believe the lack of effort he puts on the defensive end. There times when Joakim just looks at him like "wtf are you doing man".  Stoudemire just looks bad because Carmelo is on that team and he doesnt give up the ball. If they would establish Stoudemire more at the start of the game, then that would open up the offense for everyone else. But they can't do it without a solid pg.
ruffo31::The Sixers play DEFENSE something that fraud carmelo Anthony and stoudemire dont play.  Have fun still being nothing Knicks fans and Denver is thanking you for giving them Danilo
pabloandandrea::Sixers only lost twice in regulation in the entire month of January (at MSG on the third day of a back-to-back-to-back and at Miami).
sclax5::LaVoy Allen - making Temple U. proud babayyyy!!!!
robrenaldi::Good Win 6ers, Bulls came out flat and played with no energy, can't do that against a solid team. Put it out of your mind and beat the Knicks tonight.
ill 215::the unstoppable Sixers
nygiants731::bulls still better look at the records!!!!
pnevarez37::im a bulls fan, not worried in the lost of the sixers.  because once playoffs come, is when it all matters..
KevinDurantFan56::Ever Heard of the Playoffs?
28denverfan::yea after the seeding happens they throw away the records
iTzDiRkFoR3::I love Jrue Holiday... rising star
pointgod6882::It's kinda ironic that Boozer is the loudest player on the court, but yet the weakest
heartmeetsground::Sixers will get Dengbanged the rest of the series. Enjoy this win.
j.mayville::i remember wen i used to hate cause my team got their a** kicked
pnevarez37::don't forget Rip.
Sportsfrenzy::Rip never plays.
SJBulldogs26::ever heard of a health spencer hawes?
pnevarez37::uuuuuuuuuuu...
Miamicantsellout::bulls arent playing well they lost to 3 playoffs teams in the last six games. They are down two starters and boozer is useless...more
Keeley70589::SIXERS! WOOOHHH!!!!!
j.mayville::dont b mad that u guys lost to a team tht has no stars and still busted that A$$ accept it, sixers are a real team who dont need to match up superstars to win
TheTollTroll89::Deal, play the sixers when we are 100%
Miamicantsellout::play the bulls when they are at 100%
miguel151551::SUCK wooooooHoooooooooooooo!!!! DORK......
Miamicantsellout::bulls cant win a nba championship with boozer on the team
miguel151551::got a better chance than the wack $@% heat!!
Unbiasedfan83::Why do 11 centers (including Kwame Brown) average more steals than Errick Rose?
RyanCarranza::You again... Mr. Unbiased.  You are a walking contradiction
Miamicantsellout::who's erik rose
Dr.Killapatient...::Yeah right. Rose has a killer instinct like MJ. Rose never cries like MJ. Rose never quits like MJ. Fail, fail, and FAIL!!!!
c4am95::I really can't stand ESPN coverage of the sixers.  "The Bucks beat Lebron's 40", "Mavs this and that".  Just because Comcast won't let you have ESPN Philly doesn't mean the games aren't played.  The Sixers decisively beat a strong opponent in the east with playoff implications.  And it's not even covered, not 1st page.  They are playing terrific defensively, which doesn't bode well for ratings.
DaKANG444::76ers this years 49ers
pointgod6882::they were like that when the Bulls got really good last year
jobadia::what are you talking about they were on the bulls' dick last year. the only one they wanted to give a handy to more was the heat
RyanCarranza::Well... You have a point there.
crabbymacintosh::couldnt agree more. Did you see the terrible "rapid reaction"??  All the talk is about the bulls missing rip and luol, and nothing about the fact that the sixers are beating the teams that they werent supposed to be able to beat yet, AND doing it without their only 2 legit centers (sorry tony battie).   The sixers won this game (convincingly), the bulls didnt lose it.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Joakim is aweful
binkinainteasy::Hopefully Hawes will be ready to go tomorrow.
younglouiE::Man...Sixers on a roll..very good team, idk people are still sleeping on them
mattyk4421::Literally can not wait for the 6ERS - Los Heat game tomorrow night!! Going to be a great game and gigantic measuring stick for our Philadelphia 76ERS. Both teams with a days rest, and if the sixers win no one and I mean NO ONE can say it was a fluke due to 1) Injured lineup, 2) Tired legs 3) Weak, low-brow team or any plethora of excuses people are giving when the sixers dismantle teams. LETS GO SIXERS (and  flyers please beat the Preds tonight, they have been owning us)
mattyk4421::ok ok thats fair. And yeah Jrue is our best all around scorer, Iggy is our best perimeter defender, Evan Turner is our best up and comer and Thaddeus Young and Sweet Lou Williams are two of the best off the bench scorers in the league.
28denverfan::man the pacers, sixers , and nuggets got twelve deep men that can start on any team i like these three teams better then the star packed knicks, heat, lakers, and so on
mattyk4421::Haha we are not giving excuses, were saying were tired of people giving reasons why the sixers keep winning that have nothing to do with our team play and defense, and if you think that Spencer Hawes is our best player then you are an idiot.
seanhal123::jrue
28denverfan::so who is ur best player iggy or jrue...and ok i get it ppl needa stop makin excuse with the sixers winning but also when u guys lose u need to stop makin excuses also
crabbymacintosh::I mean not having a legit center on your roster and beating the top team in the east is kind of a big deal...  Just wait till they start getting the same calls that the teams like Miami and Chicago get.  Its gonna be a problem for the league.
seanhal123::punctuation is allowed
28denverfan::yes u guys deserve to give excuses cuz ur top player is out but to say i dont wanna hear excuses but yet u guys are givin excuses is not logical
28denverfan::first i live in new york buddy and im just laughing about ur dumb $@% cuz u say i dont wanna hear excuses win or lose but yet the sixers give the most excuses on injured players and a game that they lost on a back to back
jobadia::you talk like a jig and us fans only dismiss excuses by giving facts. ie...someone says they lost because they had 2 players out. so we say so what our starting and backup center were out. get it?
miguel151551::go back to denver!!!!!
28denverfan::ur funny just like a clown bro do u work in circuses cuz i wanna take ma daughter to it
miguel151551::go back to denver!!!!!!!!!!
28denverfan::i lived in denver u clown i moved like 5 years ago im not gonna change my damn team to make u happy...
edge101137::New Yorker rooting for Denver ... enough said. Clown.
mattyk4421::Pretty sure ESPN, who kisses Tebows sanctimonious a@#hole every time he moves a muscle, said the other day that the 6ers weren't even a top 5 team in the EAST due to the reasons I listed up there. And we don't make excuses in philadelphia, we call it as we see it, good or bad. Must be a lack of oxygen up there in Denver for you to make absurd comments like that.
smudged 1::We are missing  our number 1 and 2 centers but we should be ok against Miami. It'll be a fast paced game.
28denverfan::u guys are the ones that make excuses oh no hawes is out hes the best we lose cuz hes out whatever
SJBulldogs26::we've lost 6 total games? No one has made excuses? Only 2 loses were in regulation and i believe hawes was there for both of them.
younglouiE::It's gonna be a good game.
binkinainteasy::With the Sixers, Nuggets, and Pacers, it's refreshing to see successful team ball in the NBA again.
Michalanko::I am praying at the alter of the Sixers and Doug Collins is my God......No doubt the BEST coach currently in the NBA
28denverfan::after george karl
tahir939::now what u got to say critics sixers demolished the so called best team in the league. nothing new we did the same last year i would have weather played bulls instead of heat in last year playoffs mite of could've pulled of the so called upset. magic bulls pacers hawks and bucks all good teams destroyed them all
permatroll::how is beating the magic an impressive feat?
philly.birch::do you know where you are?
philly.birch::okay... but this is a bull sixers game
permatroll::magic struggled to score 70 points earlier in the season.
28denverfan::lets see i usually am here to talk about how the sixers havent proved there good even though there record shows it but after seeing wat u guys can do my hats off to these guys and its a great honor that the nuggets were able to beat the siixers
76ersPhilliesEagles::76ERS ARE AMAZING I LOVE THIS TEAM THEYRE ALL BIG BLACK DUDES AND ATHETLICI AS $@%!
tahir939::dnt forget about hawes
GoFlyers2060::well you pretty much described 80% of professional athletes.  the sixers are fun to watch because they don't have a legit "star".  Just a bunch of solid, young players (minus brand with the young thing) who play as a team and are fun to watch.
76ersPhilliesEagles::ANDRE IGOUDOLLA. OWNED. YOU. SO.B.AD.CHICAGHOCO.
permatroll::kid. keep going to class. especially english.
lopezrome1982::nice to see the 6ers back on the map as a legit contender congrats to the fans and doug collins ----sign a lakers fan
thomjkelly32::Kobe &gt; LeBron
Kngjimmy715::SIXERS!!!!
Baron Harkonnen::Hate to waste those games when Rose almost makes as many shots as he misses.
KING KONG AINT GOT NUTTIN::The Bulls need Dwight Howard. If Rose doesn't have an MVP effort every night, the Bulls look like an average team. That's why you need more than one superstar on a team, if one superstar is flat, the other superstar carries the load.  If D-Rose is flat, nobody else on that roster is capable of carrying the team's offense.
crabbymacintosh::there are 12 superstars on the sixers.
killahs_ghost::How many superstars are on the Sixers?  0
Mania-Mar::hey im not hating good win for the sixers but dont forget you were all excited if not more about your eagles 2! lol so just remember when its nba finals time u will be home eating cheesesteaks with the rest of the sixer players watching the bulls vs okc
killahs_ghost::After last night's embarrassment, you really think the Bulls are going anywhere? Last win vs a .500 team was Jan 6th, and it was the Magic, who suck. Remember that. You guys are going nowhere.
Mania-Mar::lmao how can a bandwagon fan like the cowboys and braves?? we havent won $@%! for ages....
seanhal123::whats loyal about picking all the teams that won in the 90s
Mania-Mar::u have to be one loyal fan 2 love my teams there is nothing bandwagon about that
seanhal123::sounds like u had a nice time on the bandwagon in the 90s though
killahs_ghost::He's a bandwagon fan
Mania-Mar::i thought we wer talking about basketball let me check... yea this is the bulls vs sixers board
philly.birch::HAHAHA LITTLE GUY
Mania-Mar::compared to hers yes i do
philly.birch::pen.is
philly.birch::cause you have a small $@%!$
Mania-Mar::before u say that ask yourself...why are her hands bigger than mine?
philly.birch::...F@G
philly.birch::well we all know thats just not true
Mania-Mar::i would poke yours but i dont like men
philly.birch::i porked your mother last night
Mania-Mar::i see you misspelled your name next time drop the r and add the T
seanhal123::you brought up the eagles...
philly.birch::I thought we were questioning your sexuality
Mania-Mar::problem?
philly.birch::...actually yes.  The only way it could be worse is if you were a rangers or penguins fan
Mania-Mar::not a bears fan
philly.birch::what the dallas, bulls, and braves... who are you
philly.birch::Eagles and Bears = offseason
mattyk4421::Born and raised in Philly, lived here my whole life, the sixers are my favorite franchise in sports and it is great to see them playing with this type of defensive intensity and passion. Doug Collins coach of the year for sure. And I have to admit to all you bulls/Chicago fans, you guys are all pretty gracious and bleed for your teams and I and Philadelphia can respect that. That being said, yeah, Jump-shot Hamilton and Deng are out, but so are our starting and backup centers. Can't wait for the next game against Chicago, a very worthy opponent.
kfoges03::two cities with a lot of history and passion for sports, well said
Mania-Mar::the mavs did not come out of nowhere lol they have had a great team for years they just  got it together.
Mania-Mar::people like who? skip bayless? dont speak for me and the other guys who know sports
mdtuzo::the point is that they were a solid team in the regular season, but they werent perceived as a championship caliber team until they actually won it. dont pretend like you knew or even thought they would beat the defending champions that year and beat the thunder to advance to the finals. a dark horse like that could appear from the east (although i believe it is unlikely)
philly.birch::hahaha skip bayless? who did he know to get on air
mdtuzo::they did come out of nowhere in the sense that no one expected the to make them finals, and people even projected them to lose to the blazers in the first round
philly.birch::OH DIP STEP BACK MANIA!
mdtuzo::how do you know who will win the championship this year? dallas came out of nowhere to win it last year; the bulls could win it, but so could a team like the sixers or clippers or nuggets or pacers.
Mania-Mar::lmao are you drunk this early?
mdtuzo::good night folks
philly.birch::or do you mean this late? think about it
Mania-Mar::the heat lost to the buck AGAIN last night. The bulls beat the Bucks and \ the Heat beat the Bulls..WHO THE $@%! CARES! it means nothing until the playoffs
Mania-Mar::stop overreacting to 1 game yall even the wizards beat the thunder CHILL OUT
jrgolfr9::"Mania" why dont "yall" go ride a damn john deer n get off the blog
GoFlyers2060::I think were reacting because there were low expectations for the sixers this year.  Their record thus far has been great, but against weaker teams.  We've taken on two of the best in the east this week and have beaten them both.  Thats why were excited.
crabbymacintosh::did the wizards CRUSH the thunder?    did they run their best player off the court?  No. And btw we beat the wizards 3 times by a combined like 200 points
Mania-Mar::NOPE
kfoges03::dont let mania get you down birch, let the haters hate
philly.birch::dang
philly.birch::Okay, can we get excited over the highest scoring differential in the league?  Maybe get excited over the best defense in the league?  How about we get excited to see the best team ball in the league with an average of 5 players in double digits a game.  Or maybe, just maybe we can get excited that sixers are fun to watch again.
kfoges03::absolutely you can, i would
michael107114::You know something these "superstar" free agents next season shouldn't be looking at NY, Miami, LA, they should be looking at Phily with those pieces and the way their playing defense they would be nasty if they found a great player to add to Holiday, Igy, Evan Turner, Hawes, Young, Lou williams, Meeks.
