Jody George Prats::Can we just trade Nash for LeBron already?   --Laker Fans
William Cutting::Something is terribly wrong when Jodie Meeks is your leading scorer at a whopping 13ppg
Chris Marino::#meeksnation
Jordan Walker::And something is fantastically right when you have the number one bench in the league.
Kobe Vino::Go Lakers!
Troy Reinhalter::good lord the lakers are going to end up right around .500 once kobe comes back....exactly where you DONT want to be, missing out on the best draft in years and not a playoff contender. well done kupchak!
Eboni Clay::Hell yea, people were expecting them to not even be at .500 without kobe. They are doing a decent job
Eric Lopez::Haha Laker fans think this is still the 80s... They don't know that it is 2013. Whatever lol... They are lost... Nuggets wins this one 120-95.
Chris Marino::Are you going to come on here every game? It's borderline pathetic.
Eric Lopez::Like you Lakers fans are never on the Clippers board here and there.... Haha no one is perfect...
Chris Marino::I'm never on the Clippers board. In fact the only time I was on there was when I was rooting for the Clips against the Rockets.
Joanne Wilks::Is there anything better in basketball than seeing the Nuggets whip the refs favourites Lakers?
Jody George Prats::We all know the Lakers are garbage.  Nuggets send them packing with a big fat L
Mindy Spivey::nice to know the Lakers still suck
Aaron Rooney::Anyone remember when the Lakers were .500? What a crazy night that was!  https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Scott Baker::I remember when they were 1.000 and the Clippers were 0.000. I know you are still upset about that night. It will get better with time.
Aaron Rooney::Scott Baker The game was a fluke and EVERYONE knows that except Laker Clowns. Upset? I laughed about it!
Scott Baker::Aaron Rooney You are one of the most entertaining Laker haters. You amuse me, keep up the good fight!
Travis Pavich::When the Lakers win, their the greatest team ever assembled and guaranteed champions. When the Lakers lose it's always the refs and David Stern. It's never the players, the other team, etc.
Cassidy Byrd::Yes, because Lakers fans have been claiming how great the Lakers are this year. Best thing I've heard them say is how fun their team is to watch when their clicking.
Tray Day::stfu loser
Jody George Prats::lol
Alex Vargas::Remember when everyone said the lakers were a contender because they beat the clippers?...yeah......
Joe Russell::How is that a foul on Hill? Seriously inside position with a giant oaf on his back like a backpack and they give him foul 5....thats a killer...
Tony Stewart::no nuggets fans here oh well.lakers will win this game and back to .500
Aaron Rooney::WOOO HOOOO!!!!! .500!!!!  LMFAO
Tony Stewart::Rooney your just like sammy, grapeokc,and damian lillard your all die hard laker fans
Scott Baker::Rooney, you had a big mouth on opening night too.......then you just went away. Wonder why? Lakers 1 Clippers 0.......and if you want to get historical Lakers 16 Clippers 0.
Josh Kohantab::one step closer to that number one pick
Alec Gonzalez::Ughhh how many b2b do the lakers have so far like 3 grind it out boys
Aaron Rooney::SOLID game for the Lakers last night....LMFAO  https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Aaron Rooney::Where are you 5ammy5ammy5ammy, GrapeNutz, Frank Pistachio, Ustna9?  https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Aaron Rooney::You are a smart one aren't you?
Justin Jenkins::need your boyfriends to help you troll? how pathetic. get a life loser.
Eric Lopez::You need to learn English first before you start typing.
David Jacobs::Good to see Shaw do well especially at Lakers' expense. Do people actually pay to see them play?
Aaron Rooney::no. they can't even sell out Staples anymore.  FACT.
Jody George Prats::Don't change the channel. This thing ain't over yet.   --Laker TV Announcers
Corey Neal::heading into fourth quarter jordan hill is playing good for his 2nd straight game
Christopher Paul Bowen::Lakers are a bigger joke than the Nuggets at least we have that going for us.
Nathan Slaker::This is what the Lakers look like when they can't fall back on the refs as a crutch.
Aaron Rooney::Lakers looking SOLID so far...  LMAO
Chad Wiggins::i had to scroll down to see the lmao... lmao
Siva Ramalingam::Dumb'toni strikes again
Jody George Prats::Lakers got Incognitoed
