Blixa Ridgeback::70 points in the first half!?! wow, i know CP3 is great and all, but w/o him, do the clippers really suck that bad?? despite that, im still thinking trading griffin for melo is a bad bad bad idea... either way GO SPURS GO!!!!!!
Nbafan Nbafan::Clippers without cp3 is a chicken with head cutoff.  Dead.
Solis Leo::Completely agree.
Shoot Jung::Spurs time, baby.
Randy Ragsdale::These Spurs are so heartless.......ever the consummate professionals. Find a weakness, capitalize on it and take advantage of it. Poor Darren Collison.
Blixa Ridgeback::heartless.... lololol... spurs rock!
Mike Wagener::Blixa Ridgeback , he meant it as a compliment.
Mel Francis Pacuma::I have a feeling Clips will not show up this 2nd half with this embarassing lead. rofl
Igotthatwork Pollard::35 in the third
Carl D Hill::Without CP3, they are just the Clippers......
Jelson Alvarado::Going to the game to support my Spurs!   Go Spurs Go!
Adam Youman::My god this team sucks without CP3
Tomas Bono::Wow. 37-74 LOL!
Wild Silverback::Go Clipps !!
Jack Fierro::GSG!
Jacob Machuca::I like how people also fail to mention that the clips had to face the spurs on the second of a back to back. No excuses to allow 70 pts in a half. But the clips made a huge comeback to make it close. It will take time for the clips to adjust without cp3, but they will.
Denver-Sarah Wood::Great excuse. It was really close, only a 24 point loss...
Jacob Machuca::@denver-sarah wood, it was a fact. The clippers have had the toughest schedule in the entire league. They also cut the lead from 72-35 to 90-79. They ran out of gas. Please watch the game u comment on before commenting.
Denver-Sarah Wood::Jacob Machuca There are no moral victories.
Gazi Rashid::I don't like the Clippers, but I have to grudgingly respect them for putting up a strong effort even down by 35 and w/o Paul. Scared me for a second.  Doc Rivers has really done an amazing job with them.
Gazi Rashid::James Belandres They were losing by 35, without their best player, on a second game of a back-to-back. They could have used any excuse just to give up. I think it does show character that they didn't. There are several times, ie, most of the East, that would have stopped caring or listening to their coach. Also, I don't think "only losing by 14" is terrible, considering they were losing by 35. Pop had to bring back his starters and you know he's pissed about that. And lastly, these are the Clippers. One of the worst NBA teams for years and years. These past few years have been a progression for them, and I'm giving them credit for this.
Denver-Sarah Wood::Gazi Rashid Yeah, they didn't give up. They only lost by 24. SMFH.
Gazi Rashid::Denver-Sarah Wood  If you just look at the final score, you don't actually see what went on during the game.
Wild Silverback::BWA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!!!!
Hno Pedro::Does the word mercy exist on spurs vocabulary?jaja go spurs go the best franchise in all sport the last 27 years
Solis Leo::Amen Hno Pedro
Derrick Alderete::at one point we had a 35 point lead, why was most of our bench still less then double digits in minutes played??
Andy P Kordyban::What do Clippers fans think about Darren Collison manning the point now?
Tyler Allen::We always thought the idea of getting rid of bledsoe was the dumbest thing in the world! Jared Dudley is garbage! He will give the clippers 5-6 good games a season!
MrKenneth Washington::WE NEED TO WIN THIS GAME. AND FOR THE LAST TIME WE NEED ANOTHER BIG MAN, TIAGO IS TO SOFT. 6-11 250 FOR NOTHING
Jeremy Miller::22 points says otherwise ;)
Mel Francis Pacuma::Now let's see if the other star in the Clips can carry his team w/o CP3. rofl
Mike Wagener::I just heard about Chris Paul's separated shoulder, I hope he mends fast.
Blixa Ridgeback::its not over yet! SPURS: KEEP IT TOGETHER!!!!!!!
Wild Silverback::Way to mail it in Clippers...  ROFL !! this team has NO HEART..
Tyler Allen::So far... Parker is taking collison to school!
Shanny Salcedo::with cp3 in the game, the clips might have only lost by 30
Mike Wagener::Spurs need to win this one....big.  GO SPURS!
