montecristo2004::https://mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com/attachment/?ui=2&amp;ik=860d41b1d5&amp;view=att&amp;th=13d9f62bd75d1f69&amp;attid=0.1&amp;disp=inline&amp;safe=1&amp;zw&amp;saduie=AG9B_P9EUlsAN-3rA6fLS_0X_Gge&amp;sadet=1364178718017&amp;sads=-pa6xOwpovCCF7rGCGvR99Y4Y2I&amp;sadssc=1
jaharder88::Sheed now 16 for 58 on 3's - 28%.  Just post up and bound the ball big guy.
Matt25261992::LOL at all the idiotic heat fans on here. pretty funny. can't accept the fact that the knicks whooped the heat
Donnie Walsh::The Heat will be a flop this year since the Refs are being put under a microscope!!!! They can't hand the LeHype and the bunch another undeserved Championship!!! For all you Felton Haters - how do you like him now? None the Sorry az Heat guards were strippin the rock from him!!!!!
sean3653::ur either that or a but hurt okc fan which one are you
sean3653::"lehype" is 6 ft 8 250 avg 28 ppg 10 reb and 7 assists per game vs a REAL TEAM okc in last years finals. I think your mad because the heat can whoop the knicks $@% this year and last, dont !$@% yourself over one game.
undisputedchamp89::Lebron and D Wade knew that it would've been bad for the city to witness their team get demolished at home. Much respect for the Miami organization for taking a loss for a bigger purpose. My condolences goes out to all the people in New York affected by Hurricane Sandy.
charlie7-21-05::Your great melo.
undisputedchamp89::"In the first sporting event in New York since Hurricane Sandy, the Knicks dominated a game the Heat players weren't sure should even be played with the region still so devastated." This quote was taken directly from this game's recap. Read it and weep because in the playoffs its SWEEP!!
meloowns777::Pathetic excuse.  Suck it up, little bandwagon fan.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Is this to entertain yourself? LOL
undisputedchamp89::Kudos to the Heat for taking a night off to give New Yorkers something to cheer about.
onlyavoice57::Hats Off To The Heat For Throwing A Game.  By Doing So New Yorkers Have A Brief Moment To Forget Their Tragedy's.  I Do Laugh At Knicks Fans Who Actually Think They Beat The Heat,  But I Guess That Was The Heats Goal. It Was Obvious!
sean3653::a chance to build up the knicks confidence so the heat can whoop there $@% next time they play
undisputedchamp89::You could pretty much tell that the knicks were going to win from the moment Carmello spoke to the fans and when they gave a moment of silence. It was a very emotional game for the city, which is why D Wade stated that the game should've been postponed. Miami was cleary unmotivated and wanted to lose the game for bigger purposes than themselves.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And what was gained?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::You really need a hobby. Sat. night and whining and lying is all you can muster? lol
textbooktex::Lebron exposed. All you have to do is play a little defense on him and he folds up completely (props to Coach Woodson). Especially with the looming presence of a dominate defensive center like Chandler (in the NBA finals D. Howard). Him and Wade aren't going to be able to perform their usual flying circus act of ally oops and powering their way to the rim at will. Even if they do one good hard foul from either of those fellas will make them think twice before driving in.    On paper the Knicks aren't even in the same category as the current NBA Champions. And the Heat lose by 20. Melo crushes Lebron's stats on the night.
knicksbest711::knicks won...its over
sean3653::i like ur comment but there still gonna get sweeped in the playoffs js
HomeOfTheJETS::Lets say the heat miss out on playoffs by 1 game if bron/wade and bosh was hurt all different times during the season.   I guess the excuse would be: Damn maybe we should of never gave the knicks that win on November 2nd, 2012.  Heat fans kill me with this $@%!. anything can happen in a season and any team could go from playoffs to watching may/june basketball just like that. TEAMS DONT THROW GAMES AWAY FOR ANY REASON SO STOP WILL ALL THE DAMN EXCUSES AND $@%!$@%!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::thankyou..
NYY-NYJ-NYK-1988::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwgDJxIf_Qk  Rasheed Wallace Knicks Debut 3 Points, 1 Rebound 11/2/12.
mcallahan1234::Everybody already talking about the playoffs? its the first week of the season wait until all star break and we'll have a good idea of who will be the major contenders for a title. Im no heat or knicks fan just sayin
sean3653::thunder aint going nowhere w/o harden unless stern lets the refs help em out like last year but the thunder fans have been quiet lately probably cuz they got there mouths SHUT when they got there A S S kicked fair and square in the finals.
herbinator5353::Miam was never going to go 82-0, but they will be hoisitng the Larry O'Brien trophy once again in June 2013 then we'll be the ones laughing once again.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::hell no they werent..people are ignornt for that and the whole beating the 72-10 record.. but holding the trophy.. we'll see. THUNDER UP!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::PROVE IT.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::in the east its heat, bulls, celtics, 4-8 can be any other weak east team
bass masta1213::You're a ******* idiot if you compare a 7th seed (w/ coaching change and injuries) to the worst team in nba history. You have no business posting here and clearly know nothing about basketball.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lol yup 7th seed bro.. not that much better.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yep, you are right. I'm mad cause the Knicks who lost 4-1 to the champs are "BARELY" better than the bobcats. You are right, I'm wrong. Apologies to you.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lol who's childish..i spoke my opionion .. and backed up with recent facts. nothing i said was childish. i'm sorry your feelings got hurt because your a homer and dont recognize your team for what its worth-- overpaid , overrated talent... sorry bro
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yep you are correct and know all. The Knicks are SLIGHTLY better than the bobcats. I can't navigate in child like conversations so you win.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yes philly is good.. not consistant. but for right now yes.... nets yet to be seen.. mil. lol. dude that right there proves my point. these teams you just mentioned are inconsistant and not there year in an year out. thats why i said 4-8 any weak east team.. smh... and im on this page to laugh at miami for loosing to a somewhat better version of the bobcats...
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Rose is OUT Philly is really good as well as Nets, Mil. What I find ammusing is you aren't a Knick fan but your jealousy/envy has you on their page...lol...wait let me guess, it's not "their" page it's a free country...blah
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::i did learn.. history my brotha.. last 2yrs. 1st round exits with only 1 win both years.. before that doesnt matter you guys didnt even smell playoffs.. so whats to learn.. until overrated melo actually does something then i'll have a lot to learn.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::You go A LOT to learn.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::seriously.. just calm down.
DJFab1022::Anthony is Overrated... 28 SHOT ATTEMPTS for 30 points?  "That's Ridiculous!!!! ......Harden's stats that is........45points in 19 attempts"  -Carmelo Anthony
sean3653::lmao harden cldnt hit anything biggest choke in finals history when the team needed him most and he screwd up evry game except game 1 that shot over chalmers was raw but apparently hardens using his choking as motivation and is killng it in houston, i hope harden dropps 60 on durant and the thunder. #FEAR THE BEARD
HomeOfTheJETS::honestly speaking melo did shoot bad yesterday but didnt harden shoot like 37% from the field in the finals against the same team that melo played last night????? THOUGHT SO!!!
DJFab1022::Coming from Yanks-Knicks...guess you are here to defend the team that havent been able to get past the 1st round playoffs for years now... think about how many shot attempts that Melo take per game and wonder why he lead HIS team in points.  The small number of people like you gave Melo too much credit that he doesnt deserve.  OVERRATED!!!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::So you can't explain how. Not surprised. Learn the definition. Because u look silly.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::OVERrated? Please explain to us what has been said that is not true.
earlealston::LOL despite the sha-lacking the Heat took yesterday, NBA fans are more delighted that the Lakers losing streak continues....  Kobe: Shut up......and watch us lose.  Me: And I will be "happy" with that result lmao.  But seriously Melo got in that A-$.$.!!!!!!!
shaboogiebk::The cHeat packed it in and took the night off!
Saterade::NYer here, Dwayne wade is one classy gentleman. Thanks for donating your game check!
DaYanks85288::For some "odd" reason, I knew after the game finished there will be tons of Heat fans saying the Heat "threw" the game. I guessed right. Tired of all these fake Heat fans. Learn $@%!, before you say $@%!.
herbinator5353::They did. It was obvious only knick fans didnt see it bc they didnt want to. Google it and see how many articles pop up. They didnt try at all. Immediately after the game Jalen Rose and Magic were like man I wish I partied wherever the heat were partying last night. As in they looked hungover. Wade and Lebron 4 pts in the 2nd half LOL! Enjoy your hard fought well earned victory.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Jealousy will get you no where...grow up a little/.
Celtics 4ever::HEAT BARELY BEAT DISUNIFIED AND HURT CELTICS AND NOW LOSE TO TALENTED BUT NO CHEMISTRY KNICKS. FRAUDS
herbinator5353::I didnt research anything nor do I really care to prove to mediocre knick fans my loyalty as a fan of all miami teams. As far as last night, they just didnt try hard to win, so you can call that whatever you want to call it. Their was a lack of effort and drive to win the game, hows that, sound better for you than they threw the game.
HomeOfTheJETS::took u ten minutes to research that @ herb. Anyways i dont care about this convo but no the heat didnt throw this game.... No team throws games in the NBA. Because this one game could cost the heat a spot in the playoffs if things got bad like lbj/wade/bosh are hurt bad.
herbinator5353::Lets go dude. John sunvold, Harold Minor, Bimbo Coles, Keith askins, Kevin Willis, PJ Brown, Matt Geiger, Glenn Rice, Steve Smith, Bruce Bowen, Thunder Dan, Tim Hardaway, etc
herbinator5353::Rony Seikaly, you want to test me on who knows more, you'll get worked dude. Dont even go there with me, i've been a Heat fan and season ticket holder since 88, I know more about your own squad than you. As far as last night, enjoy your tainted victory which was more of a relief effort than a game.
herbinator5353::Heat Won the series in the playoffs, Heat won the title. Game 2 of 82 means sheet. Irrelevant and yes the main core of players like wade and LBJ threw the game. BTW, flopping for sandy
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Whatever helps you sleep tonight....lol Yep they all agreed to throw the game for nothing. You're right heat won the title. Who was their center in the beginning years? Know that true heat fan? LOL...you uncovered the conspiracy...HEAT FLOPPED...HEAT FLOPPED. BTW KICKS WON..lmAo
herbinator5353::Threw the game for sandy
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::How old are you? 14? You REALLY believe that all 13-15 players agreed to throw an NBA game, along with the owner and coaches.. LOL, ok you win. By the way... KNICKS won
herbinator5353::Dude did you delete your other comment I just commented on? Thats real weak dude!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Knicks won
herbinator5353::Heat were crushing you guys, still won by 13 w/o lebron most of the 2nd half.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Knicks won
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::we need to worry about our own team's problems not hate on other teams
Celtics 4ever::CELTICS FINE. NO PANIC FOR TRUE CELTICS FANS. BLEED GREEN 4 LIFE. WAIT FOR NEW PLAYERS USED TO DOCS SYSTEM AND AVERY RETURN
Dino__Spumoni::3 team trade :  amare for favors  then  1st rd pick / an overpaid chump or two to utah    and amare to team providing the picks...   would instantly make NY better than MIA
sean3653::BOSH for AMARE hell no
HomeOfTheJETS::ok i'm confused. can you be more clearer  like this.   knicks trades so-so, so-so &amp; so-so utah trades so-so, so-so, &amp; so-so
Kyrie Irving.::Melo&gt;LeBron
sean3653::hes better than wade by alot tho i like carmelo and when it comes to scoring carmelos probably better but all around game NO and carmelo has low fg % which is bad
DJFab1022::you must be dumb to say something like that.... Dont mention Melo and Lebron on the same line.   Look at what LeBron have achieved thus far and look at what Anthony have.   Please also change your name to "stupid"... the name Kyrie Irving mislead people to think you are good.
KentuckyAlum2012::That's a lie.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::no need to hate on Lebron lowly Cavs fan I mean he did bring your lowly franchise to its first and only Finals appearance
Dodger_Bum1980::LAKERS FAN def up in this filly hole....only fan base that can have their team be winless and still pi$$ on your parade cuz we know were the ring will ultimately end up at....THE HOME OF THE LOGO LA LAKERS baby....miami went down like a timid dog in NY and we all know were NY is measured....neither team have heart and Miami lukewarms showed it last night....
Dodger_Bum1980::they did very good they collected some kats that will bring some rings theyre too... theyll be going for pitchers soon thanx fer askin
Dodger_Bum1980::your title reeks of bitterness...those teams you got as yor name are in shadows of other teams and or players  ha ha...your the delusional one guy  ha ha....
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::How did the DODGERS do this year???Looks like the Lakers are heading down the same path  Guess Money can't always buy you championships
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::ur delusional lol
herbinator5353::Heat are champs, beat the team in 5 that knocked u out in 5. Lakers have no bench and coach sucks. Good luck even getting to the finals, wont happend. Heat will repeat. Sucks to be a you.
Dodger_Bum1980::ha ha...look at the heat fan saying how it us to a Laker fan...you gonna tell me you got a dynasty comin? ha ha..the knicks homie...just remember how they played  ha ha
LedgendsContinue2012::Wow, you sure know your basketball, to be able to tell us all this after two games for the Heat in a 82 game season. Guess what Heat fans have been hearing this for the past two years. Both years we got to the finals. We fell short the first year but rebounded last year. We now know what it takes to win.
Dodger_Bum1980::hey kid this is the LAKERS we invented winning and rebounds...which is exactly the boys are doin....
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::Knicks didn't miss Amare one bit last night...... don't know what he really brings to the Knicks
sean3653::when one of them are gone the team does alot better hurry up and ship one of them out cuz they cant play together.
herbinator5353::Drama and fire extinguishers
thecusefan94::While I think having all of these older players on the Knicks will eventually cause the team to play tired later in the season, they will also never make silly mistakes that younger teams will make.  They also have personalities like Kidd that will keep the team in check.
blueshirts4ever::Agreed.
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::why is Lebron going bald? ........
Dodger_Bum1980::eeeh you got me by my weakest point...i failed to correct the auto correct on the phone...Lebron will be a real champ once he bounces out of miami to LA
Dodger_Bum1980::because its too much for him to handle...he has the ability no mentality though  ha ha ..
ibetalot::No mentality?   wtf does that mean?   you sound edjumacated.
HomeOfTheJETS::tungcn2010 - Go do your homework kiddo. 3 seed in 05-06, 4 seed in 09-10. Both 1st round exits.  ok how about this... the 05-06 nuggets had no home field advantage!!!!!!!! I call that a disadvantage. the were a 3 seed due to winning their division based with a a dismal 44-38 record and lost to the clippers 3-2 that year. The clippers were 47-35 that season TUNG. So his team was the underdog that season  2009-2010 Nuggets u have a point with even tho they had the 4th seed and the jazz had the 5th seed those two teams were as equal as possible. they even has the same regular season record. But YES THE JAZZ DID WIN WHILE MELO HAS HOME COURT SO U WAS RIGHT FOR THAT YEAR  But when denver was the 2 seed in 2008-2009 They went to the WCF.
KentuckyAlum2012::I'm shocked that the Heat lost by 20 to the Knicks. Oh well, most teams are only 2-3 games into the season. No need to panick yet. Could be worse for the Heat, at least they're not 0-3 like the Lakers.
Dodger_Bum1980::true that...cuz with a roster thats been together foe three yrs as opposed to two weeks like the Lakers, it would be hard to think they could do no better than first round ha.ha.ha
blueshirts4ever::Who cares? Most Heat fans are just bandwagon fans anyway. They'll have a new favorite team in a couple years.
sean3653::blueshirts only reason your playing good is cause Amares out, carmelo and amare make the knicks really inefficient when on the court together when by themselves its great. I dont like these heat knicks comparisons lol ones a landslide over the other.
herbinator5353::Heat won't play like they did last night in the playoffs, you guys played like it was a playoff game. Im not trying to make excuses, I watch every single heat game, every so often they'll play lazy like they dont give a sheet, and last night was one of those games. Dont expect those type of games from us in the playoffs.
herbinator5353::Ok, I respect that. I 100% beleive the knicks will be much better this season barring injuries to key players (obviously that goes for all teams). I think you'll be a 3 or 4 seed and get to the 2nd rd, maybe even the ECF, but if the Heat are healthy and play the way they can, with intensity, no way the knicks beat us in a series. Heat in 6.
herbinator5353::Lets just say you guys wanted that game more. Ill take that loss, wasnt planning on going 82-0. Means nothing in the grand scheme of things for the Heat, but it sure meant a whole lot for the city of NY to get a win. Knick fans can take the game for what they want, your still not beating the Heat in a series, we still owned you guys last yr in the playoffs and were still the champions.
blueshirts4ever::Yes, you are the champs. But, it is a new season, and we are going to make you respect us. This isn't the same Knicks team from last year. Expect more games like this from us.
nedg619::Most people that hate the heat say that to feel better about themselves and their teams.
blueshirts4ever::Yeah I feel so much better now.   I'm sick of seeing all these new fans the Heat have now talk like the only reason the Knicks blew you out was because you gave it to us. But I guess you just said that to make yourselves feel better about losing, right?
herbinator5353::Its cool, I forgive you.
herbinator5353::Apology accepted.
blueshirts4ever::Never said I was sorry for what I said.
herbinator5353::This line is old. If your a REAL knick fan then you know that the Heat/Knick Rivalries were filled with loyal heat fans. lets put it this way, Im a bigger heat fan and have been that anyone I know who is a fan of other teams and most of my friends are the same way. Its a stupid line said by haters who really have nothing else they can say bc we're the champions.
blueshirts4ever::I said MOST are. And if that isn't you, than good for you.
TehShogun::It could be worst, we could be 0-3.
HomeOfTheJETS::lol, true, the lakers will be fine tho with time. just remember the heat didnt start well either in 2010 but once they started to click they raised hell on the NBA
raul7794::Heat played terrible, hope this championship hangover doesn't last too long. Knicks fans calm down you guys will be top 4 in the east but that's it. Maybe up you guys win one series but nothing more. Don't kid yourselves the east belongs to the heat.
HomeOfTheJETS::if they cant guard ball movement like last night it certainly wont be. The Celtics gave the formula to beat the heat and once other teams start to notice the east wont belong to the heat anymore.
Excelscior1::True. And the Heat need to be successful in their defense to beat you, cause they're too small to really compete in other areas. Tyson Chandler makes a big difference against them, along with ball movement.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::2 words.. HA HA! that is all
nedg619::Not words try again.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::my bad one word.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::Haha may refer to:  An expression of laughing or the sound of laughter per wiki
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::it dont matter, that ish is funny
Excelscior1::This wasn't all  atmosphere/circumstances.  The "Invincible" Heat  have weaknesses. They're not that big, and are not a great rebounding team, the Knicks just exploited that, especially after that dismal Boston effort--which made them look better than they are.  The Heat are small, and can be beaten.
HomeOfTheJETS::also they cant guard superior ball movement  The heat are a great man defense team but if with screens and ball movement they can be beat and that is what the C's did without 5 of their players in last year ECF. they only went 7 games because of ball movement
herbinator5353::Wade donated his game check of nearly 200K then immediately placed a 2 million dollar bet against the Heat!
YouGottaBeShttnme 75.0::HEAT_PLANE_NATION2.6 - POVE IT BRUH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HEAT WOULD SWALLOW THE SPERMS!!!!!!!!!!!  This is what the Heat fan base consists of.
Td4mvp3::when asked about duncan posterizing him...after the game...Ibaka stated " there was nothing I could do, the mans just too damn good"
nedg619:::)
LosLobosKickUrBallsIntoOuterSpace::Knicks fan here...Hate the Spurs and the Heat but I gotta go with Timmy
HEAT_PLANE_NATION2.6::DUNCAN SUCKS BRO!!!!!!!!! TOO OLD AND BORING!!!!!!!!! LBJ ALL DAY!!!!!!!!!!
Td4mvp3::you are an idiot...that is all
Its_the_refs::Nice of the Heat to lay down. Good sportsmanship! NY needed a boast.
HEAT_PLANE_NATION2.6::WE STILL GUNNA GO 73-9!!!!!!!!!!!! LEBRON IS DA BEST OF ALL TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LBJ WOULD MIND $@%! MJ WITH HIS TRASH TALK AND SEND HIM HOME WITH HIS TAIL BETWEEN HIS LEGS!!!!!!!!!!
HomeOfTheJETS::i'm NOT a bron fan!!!!! i was saying that in sarcasm
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::omg lebron isnt on mj's level.. dude wins one championship and here this stupid comparison comes.. stop it , stop it , stop it.. its a disgrace to the game, and any legend that has came before lebron.. when lebron has 6rings let me know.. as of right now dude is 1-3 for finals. still alot of ground to cover.
HomeOfTheJETS::too bad LBJ still cant shoot like MJ. if he ever could before his prime end or his athletic ability starts to give in then u will be unguardable
Td4mvp3::way to like ur own comment....heat are a joke
wegood736::LOL, bro read what you just said
HEAT_PLANE_NATION2.6::POVE IT BRUH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HEAT WOULD SWALLOW THE SPERMS!!!!!!!!!!!
Td4mvp3::they would have lost to the spurs if we hade made it to the finals...no matter...we will humiliate the heat this time...year of the spur!
HEAT_PLANE_NATION2.6::LOL THE SPERMS???????? WE'D WHIP DEM BOYZ!!!!!!!!!!!
herbinator5353::As a Heat fan Im happy for the city of NY if this victory boosted the morale of the city, I cant imagine what a tough week its been. Wade donated his salary which was an awesome gesture. Now having said that, I'm not saying that the Heat lost on purpose, but they definitely didnt play even close to the intensity they did opening night against Boston. Knicks played thier hearts out for the city and the Heat looked like they were just going through the motions. I wouldnt look to deep into this game, Knicks are improved but WOULD NOT beat the HEAT in a series.
HomeOfTheJETS::Stat will be fine. I do think he should run with the second unit tho. With his improved post game from the summer he should be ok. I still say right now heat in 6 with this roster. and Heat in 7 with full roster
herbinator5353::It remains to be seen on how Stat looks and how the team looks with him in the lineup if having him in their is even beneficial for the team.  I would say Heat in 6 In a tough series, I really do think the Knicks will be better this year and will have a higher Seed like 3 or 4 which will make them get past the 1st rd. Obviously health determines a great deal, but if both teams are healthy, Heat with home court, I see Heat in 6.
HomeOfTheJETS::I respect this comment but I only have one issue. Why hasnt 1 heat fan talked about how they dont defend multiple ball movements and down screens well. That is what the knicks do. They did it last year too but didnt have the players to execute  as well as last night. With all that ball movement the knicks did a team needed 6 players on the court to defend it. And mid you another thing is that the knicks played without 2 starters while miami is healthy. I think right now if their was a 7 game series with this team without stat and shump the heat probably win in 6 games. With those to back the heat win in 7 BUT i wouldnt be surprised if the knicks beat them in 7 either. Mind you this is with both teams at full strength
HomeOfTheJETS::nedg619 - It was game 2 of 82 lets not talk about 7 games yet. NY's performance was great. They executed and the heat didn't prepare for this. But that is what video is for and why they watch tapes to prepare. They will be more prepared next time.  This is why I said if they played both teams at full strength the heat would win in 7 games. Adjustments are part of the game ans both teams have that.
nedg619::It was game 2 of 82 lets not talk about 7 games yet. NY's performance was great. They executed and the heat didn't prepare for this. But that is what video is for and why they watch tapes to prepare. They will be more prepared next time.
herbinator5353::Agree. I just hate those games where we seem like we dont care. I know its a meaningless game, game 2 of 82 and has zero affect in the grand scheme of things.
HEAT_PLANE_NATION2.6::BRO NO ONE WOULD BEAT DA HEAT IN A SERIES!!!!!!!!!! GOD WE DUZ IT BIG!!!!!!!!!!!!
raul7794::Please do this world a favor and never ever ever ever have kids. Thank you. This is a die hard heat fan, please $@%!
Td4mvp3::C'mon timmy!.....let's  see the shimmy!......year of the spur!
HomeOfTheJETS::why are u here again?  guessing the spurs thread is dead as usual
tungcn2010::Celtics over Spurs in 6, 2013 NBA Finals.
Td4mvp3::just here to spread the word...spurs 2013 NBA champs!
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; rest of the NBA combined
HomeOfTheJETS::come on man. Bailed out????  Your team was up 2-0 and was up in the fourth quarter of game three until harden turned into superman. After that they basically had their way with you
Td4mvp3::i would love to enlighten you more about the WCF last season but it's pointless...you wouldn't understand...we beat ourselves the thunder did not beat us....and quit talkin about harden..stop living in the past..dudes gone time to move on
HomeOfTheJETS::and they would of beat u with manu if they had harden just like in the WCF
Td4mvp3::the refs bailed the thunder out...wont happen two years in a row...without harden okc is simply no longer our biggest threat
HomeOfTheJETS::Td4mvp3 - spurs &gt; rest of the NBA combined  nice story. I guess having a close game against a the hornets and beating the thunder without a man who is averaging 40 points a game on the rockets will do that to u right!!!
Td4mvp3::and we didnt have manu so whats ur point?
mcook813::LBJ still had a better statline than Melo. Leading contender for MVP once again.
CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell::Miami fans don't realize is that NOW Knicks actually have POINT GUARDS unlike last season and this season their team defense under Woodson will only make this team even harder for opposing teams to beat also their defense made it dificult for Miami to do anything in the post. Knicks last season under Woodson was top 5 in the league in defensive efficiency only allowing 89ppg to the opposition, before the season ended they went 18-6 during that stretch.
tungcn2010::excuses excuses.
HomeOfTheJETS::I dont count those really. Never was a top 4 seed but once in his career. HENSE the only year he got out the first round. So stop with that, his team was a underdog every postseason in the first round but once
HomeOfTheJETS::tungcn2010 - Go do your homework kiddo. 3 seed in 05-06, 4 seed in 09-10. Both 1st round exits.  ok how about this... the 05-06 nuggets had no home field advantage!!!!!!!! I call that a disadvantage. the were a 3 seed due to winning their division based with a a dismal 44-38 record and lost to the clippers 3-2 that year. The clippers were 47-35 that season TUNG. So his team was the underdog that season  2009-2010 Nuggets u have a point with even tho they had the 4th seed and the jazz had the 5th seed those two teams were as equal as possible. they even has the same regular season record. But YES THE JAZZ DID WIN WHILE MELO HAS HOME COURT SO U WAS RIGHT FOR THAT YEAR  But when denver was the 2 seed in 2008-2009 They went to the WCF.
tungcn2010::Go do your homework kiddo. 3 seed in 05-06, 4 seed in 09-10. Both 1st round exits.
tungcn2010::9 playoff appearances. 8 1st round exits. Hang in there, 9 is on its way. Melo, Melo how I love to hate you, but I just really feel sorry for you. And your fans.
tungcn2010::thank you for proving my pt. Everybody passing except for melo. Oh, and the 10-28 shooting, that was awesome.
HomeOfTheJETS::tungcn2010 - thank you for proving my pt. Everybody passing except for melo.  obviously u cant read nor are blind. did u see the game. how bout catch highlights on youtube... u dont get a assist if you not the person passing the ball to the scorer. Melo passed the ball well yesterday, just most the time the person he threw the ball to threw the ball to another person. So how can he get those dimes?
HomeOfTheJETS::he sure gave the ball up alot yesterday. he didnt get dimes because the ball movement was so great. one pass lead to another which lead to another til a man was wide open. Melo must of missed 8 open jumpers last night. he hit half of those he probably drops 40 and your team losses by 30.
tungcn2010::He was also a hugh factor in allowing his teammates to stand still and watch him play 1 on 5.
tungcn2010::Uhhh, yall still have Anthony, so what's the difference?
CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell::Melo was a huge factor on defense last season during that stretch. You wouldn't know because you dont watch Knicks games
GentlemanRick::Congrats on beating the Miami $@%!$
Dodger_Bum1980::Lakers are 0-3 but they're learnin with each other kinda like..miami did a couple yrs ago goodluck dont see LA taking it in the @$$ like miami allowed NY to do it  ha ha ha
Dodger_Bum1980::lakers def in this filly hole...probably THEE only fan base that can do this since we all  know well end up with a ring
HomeOfTheJETS::Dont worry cruzz its all excuses  Miami didnt allow the knicks to win. Its just a lame excuse to try to make knicks fans feel like we didnt deserve this game. Wade can say what he wants but when bosh says in the off season how nobody is talking how much of a threat the knicks will be to them this year. I'll believe that over anything wade says cause wade doesnt respect any team
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::did i just see a laker fan in here talking ish when their 0-3..smh.. trolling at its best.
CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell::Miami didn't allow nothing, Its called good defense by the Knicks and the Point guards making it hard for Miami to play D
tungcn2010::Knicks should be ashamed for taking this win. The NBA should be ashamed for giving this win. Way to obvious.
HomeOfTheJETS::so yea lebron had early foul trouble and u expect him to dunk on ppl. its a 50/50 chance he gets called for a charge and then your team would really be in some $hit. Wade was on lock. He aint dunking on anyone with those 30 year old worn down legs of his. Your the one in denial. This game was over in the first quarter when melo killed your teams hopes. Defense held the lead and melo actually was complimented by the announcers for playing great defense while guarding lebron. Fact is the knicks got better. Nobody saying the knicks are better than the heat year. This year will sort that out but on this night the knicks emotion thrashed the heat and the heat was at full strength while the knicks was missing 2 starters
tungcn2010::My Celtics are gonna go to the Finals this year baby.
tungcn2010::you're in such denial, just to get a giveaway win. LBJ and Wade can be dunking on the Knicks all nite if they wanted to. Just like they do to all the other NBA teams when they wanted to. Just like last year's playoff when they gave 1 game away as consolation.
CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell::LMAO dude lay off the crack
HomeOfTheJETS::JR SMITH HARASSED BRON LAST NIGHT AND BREWER WAS EATING WADE'S FOOD. THE KNICKS DID PLAY DEFENSE EVEN WHEN THEY DROVE TO THE HOOP. THEY DIDNT STAY ON THE PERIMETER ALL NIGHT
HomeOfTheJETS::@TUNG, HOW ABOUT U GIVE WHAT THEY SHOT IN THE SECOND HALF. POINTS DONT MEAN $@%! IF THEY DONT SHOOT. BUT IF THEY HAVE 4 POINTS ON LIKE 12 SHOTS THAT IS PATHETIC AND THEY JUST SUCKED LAST NIGHT
tungcn2010::If James and Wade wanted to score, they don't have to shoot from the outside. You should know that from last year's playoff series.
HomeOfTheJETS::THE KNICKS HAVE 3 LEGIT BALL MOVEMENT POINT GUARDS NOW  AND ANOTHER THING I SEEN LAST NIGHT IS THEY KNOW HOW TO MATCH UP WITH MIAMI WHEN THEY GO SMALL NOW.  THEY HAD MELO PLAYING CENTER LAST NIGHT!!! I LOVED IT. 5 SHOOTERS ON THE COURT, THE HEAT COULD NOT DEFEND IT
tungcn2010::James and Wade scored a combined 4 pts in the 2nd half. If that's not obvious, then somebody's going blind.
HomeOfTheJETS::CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell - Charlmers was completely shut down, Ray Allen was ice cold and Rashard Louis  ACTUALLY LEWIS PLAYED WELL. RAY HIT A COUPLE OF THREE'S BUT CHALMERS WAS LOCKED DOWN BY FELTON AND KIDD AND FOULED OUT LOL
CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell::Charlmers was completely shut down, Ray Allen was ice cold and Rashard Louis
CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell::Obvious is you didn't watch the game. Wade and James missed alot of there shots and Knicks didn't turn the ball over to allow Miami to do what they do best and thats score on the fast break. Brewer and the Knicks Help defense made it hard for James and Wade to dominate
CRUZZ_Backfrom_Banned-Hell::Way to obvious? LMAO dude the Knicks actually have POINT GUARDS that can make Miami defense collapse unlike last season
tungcn2010::He got one as ur backup pg.
HomeOfTheJETS::AND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF LIVING!!!! GET A LIFE KIDD. HEAT GOT THRASHED BECAUSE THEY CANT GUARD BALL MOVEMENT
agoods03::But seriously though, I hope we can win like that when we're not hitting 19 three pointers.
agoods03::LOL, told you Miami fans the knicks were going to win.
bekzz926::half the people who call the heat fans commenting on here bandwagoners are actually bandwagoners themselves. If the Knicks got blown out some of you wouldn't be on here posting "OMG KNICKS ARE SO DEEP. WE'RE SO GOOD." The majority of heat fans on here are the real ones. Because the bandwagoners disappeared since the heat lost. They're probably  bandwagoning for the rockets now
jcoon10::They're are no REAL heat fans...
NYCSportsFan22::It's an 82 game season the Heat won't win every game, and neither will the Knicks.  Please don't be like Heat fans, my fellow New Yorkers, we're better than that.
Dodger_Bum1980::fools are trippin on the Lakers and miami is supposed to be unbeatable either the heat choked or the folded the game.. either way nothing to be proud of....bunch of lames
NYCSportsFan22::for- e -ver - Florida gets hit by 2 hurricanes a year, never hear about it.  New York gets hit by one Hurricane and all of a sudden its the end of the world, they're crying for relief efforts and cancelling sporting events like the Marathon.  Yet New Yorkers are supposed to be among the toughest people in the country.  Give me a break.  I hope nobody from New York decides to go live somewhere else in the world that actually has to deal with natural disasters on a regular basis. ---------------^^^^^^^^^^______ @for-e-ver You're a prime example of what happens when their is no filter between the keyboard and somebodies dumb ideals.  What happened was just not a simple hurricane twit, it was a combination of a nor'easter with a hurricane, hence Superstorm Sandy.  But you probably though they were just calling it that for fun right? When the Gulf Coast area was destroyed by hurricanes in the past people from the Northeast region sent aid, money, donated blood etc to help our fellow countrymen out.  Instead of ridicule, scorn, and derision that you have shown in your comment.  I would hope that you would be more mature, gracious, and smarter the next time you comment.  But then again it seems like a lot to ask from you.
HomeOfTheJETS::FLORIDA PPL KILL ME WITH THIS ISH!!!!!!!! WHEN THE LAST TIME FLORIDA HAD A "SUPERSTORM"  DONT WORRY I'LL WAIT
jcoon10::Wow u are a joke dude, Florida hasnt dealt with destruction like this since hurricane andrew. u can go to hell and take your trailer trash family with u
Dodger_Bum1980::thats a lil low homie....3.3 million people with no power and 80+ people dead in the US FL  doesnt get that with every hurricane chill ...
