zacharymash::We look pretty good this year!!!!
Martin44841::chandler got overPAID , he will be traded sooner than later.
DRE_HMB::Carmelo Anthony is a CHOKER!!!  we have seen that in the playoffs.
SFGiants1987::Got to love how Eastern conference fans call the Warriors "irrelevant." Although its true that the Warriors have only made the playoffs once since 1995, that does not make them a bad team. From 1997-2002, the Warriors were awful. I won't argue that! But in retrospect, if they were in the Eastern conference team they would make the playoffs at least half of those seasons. Remember, a mediocre Western conference team, as the Warriors generally are, are still able to go toe to toe with many top Eastern conference teams. This is a Warriors team that beat the Boston Celtics 5 consecutive times, yet couldn't beat the Spurs if their careers depended on it!
BruinsRule_NHL1::Everybody is beating the Celtics now 0-3 in last place. The Knicks are not for real and have not beaten anybody worthy until they beat a bunch real good teams above .500
kenny10454::Knicks beat the celtics,Giants beat the Pats, Mass hasnt had a decent NCAA since marcus camby, yankees beat the red soxs...notce a pattern!!
BruinsRule_NHL1::The NY Rangers still suck in the big conference leader match games. The Washington Capitals showed who is still the better team like last year between them. The Knicks still suck and they lost against tonight at Golden State 92-78 hahahaha. The Jets suck this year the most in over 3 years. The Mets still suck. The Orange will suck eventually after New Year's and by February-March.
kenny10454::look the yankees alone prob have more titles than all the major boston teams combined. so hush and go away!!!  come back when the celtics win a game and someone cares...lol
BruinsRule_NHL1::Everybody in NY State even winning in the present will eventually end the season sucking failures without a Title. Same old story in the 2000s for the NYC area sport teams,hahahaha. Suck on it and your chokes NY sport fans. Whether you you accept it or not. Your teams will continue in the failure year end even if they look good at the present.  Meanwhile 8 Titles by my Boston area teams combined since 2002 by team in all sports the NFL,MLB,NBA,and NHL.
Ryan 2161::Also, I like you fail to mention the Giants beating the cheating Patriots in the Superbowl to prevent them from having a perfect season. That wasn't important to touch on in any of your latest rants, now was it?
Ryan 2161::You got NY in terms of professional sports titles but what is a better city? Don't even need to respond to that because the answer is common knowledge
elchupanibre55::The knicks were an even better team with Amare and the pieces they traded away to the now MUCH BETTER Nuggets team in the west
BruinsRule_NHL1::Nuggets&gt;Knicks since trade.
elchupanibre55::The knicks were a better team with Billups as their PG
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Knicks ownership and management system still sucked long before Mike D'Antoni was hired as their head coach. Every good player that comes to NYC in the 21st Century goes dopey and crackhead because of too much garbage head messing dope available at places in NYC today. NYC influence and dumb homey boy street crackheads punk environment is a cancer and destroyer of even once great talented players before they came to too much of the 21st century loser NYC crackhead dopehead party environment there.
Martin44841::the team and management is very bad and d antoni is overrated soooooooooo much , i believe it will be his last stop . Phil is the only one that can fix it
BruinsRule_NHL1::Anytime the Knicks face a team who has both a much better defense than theirs and a much better rebound transition shooting team the final result is they are toast. Even the last place Cavaliers can still own this big faulty system and type of Knicks team. Another year Knick's fan think their team is the second coming of the 1969-70 to 1972-73 great Knicks teams. Never happen again under James Dolan. Neither will the 1994 Stanley Cup NY Rangers happen again under James Dolan. Nor the Post Jacobs Family era success level happen again as long as the Indians are connected with Larry Dolan.
BruinsRule_NHL1::Different players. Different GM. But same old sucking Dolan connected with them. That is why the Cleveland Indians,NY Knicks,and NY Rangers will never win a World Series Title,NBA Title,and Stanley Cup Title under the Dolan Family. They will never even make it to a Title Series in MLB,NBA,and the NHL with anything by the Dolan Family connected with them. The Dolan Family connection era has no better than but sucked in NY and Cleveland just like the Bush Family era connection has sucked the worst as Presidents of the United States..
mf756193::Knicks suck.  All this championship contender talk needs to stop.  Wow, they added an above average center who plays D.  Hooray!
Metropolitans Est.1962::Knicks  defense it pitiful!
BruinsRule_NHL1::Same old Knicks losing,LOL Same old James Dolan Rangers and Knicks teams,LOL Screwed Van Gundy. Then Broadcaster Marv Albert still will not return to them after being fired in 2004 by Dolan. Same old failure NY teams under James Dolan,Lol
kret2407::The Knicks are going to get the ex-Denver Thuggets in March (JR Smith and Kenyon Martin) and then just like the Thuggets lose in the 1st round every year!! Welcome to mediocrity Knicks fans!! You over paid for Melo, Amare, and Chandler and now you will have to suffer through losing in the 1st round for the next 6 years with maybe 1 year getting to the 2nd round when someone on the Heat or Bulls goes down with injury!!
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::fire mike, hire phil...ASAP
kret2407::If you fire Mike then you don't get steve Nash!
denny62651::I know it's only 2 games but D'Antoni was out coached by a rookie coach who looked uncomfortable on the sidelines but still more competent.  D'Antoni was almost out coached by Doc Rivers in the first game without Paul Pierce!  If the trend continues there is only one way to go - that is without D'Antoni!  He's a lame duck coach who's wilting under the pressure to get this cast of players to perform and play together.  Enough of these stupid post game comments and sarcastic sideline faces.
BruinsRule_NHL1::The Knicks system still sucked long before Mike D'Antoni was hired as their head coach
Ryan 2161::Knicks were embarrassed and this is coming from a huge Knicks fan. What a horrible, horrible performance top to bottom. Pretty much everything that could have possibly gone wrong went wrong. Toney Douglas isn't a PG and that was painfully obvious. Landry Fields turned it over way too much. Melo was being Melo, jacking shots but last night missed pretty much every one of them. Amar'e is no longer the leader of this team and as a result is not as good as he was during the first half of last season. And their savior,Tyson Chandler, got into foul trouble which has to be expected considering the rest of the Knicks team plays matador defense and allows the likes of Ish Smith and Brandon Rush to continually get to the rim. All the while D'Antoni sat on the sidelines looking confused, distant, bored, stupid....
supordupor23::Haahahahahahaha.  Do you actually think that the knicks are an elite team?  i guess you really haven't taken your blinders off then
AuthenticProphetic::No, Ryan2161, they're not.
Ryan 2161::Yes, supordupor. They are an elite team
Ryan 2161::I haven't taken any blinders off dude.  I'm still a faithful fan and by no means am I giving up on the season. I'm always going to pull for the Knicks no matter what. If I survived the Isaiah years, I'm pretty sure I can survive anything related to this team struggling.  Last night was tough to take. Brutal display by an ELITE team in the league
kret2407::Glad you finally took the blinders off!! The Knicks are not a very good team! Sure they have some nice pieces, but when your 3rd best scorer is Landry Fields a 2nd year 2nd round draft pick you are NOTTTT a contender. With Melo and Amare you are going to win some games you shouldn't (Boston game), but when one or both of them have off nights you are going to lose most games against a quality opponet. Golden State isn't a terrible team though and they were at home so not a terrible loss
CosmoKramer1444::The Warriors started out the season against three really good teams. 2/3 ain't bad. Way to go Mark Jackson!
supe540::Monta = one of the best to never make an all star team.
GOBLUEinSF::Relevant after 3 games = dolts.  They could easily go 1-10 and you'd be back to square one.  Genius.
joe16thrill22mulley17::UMAD????
Ryan 2161::Melo = one of the worst players to ever make an All-Star team (Not talent wise but in the framework of a team)
GOBLUEinSF::You clowns should start anointing championship rings after 3 games.
Oaktown1029::Championship rings? Warrior's are trying to be relevant and the fans are mildly excited about the new changes. What's your problem ace?
CosmoKramer1444::He has to this year!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FriscoWarriors415::Not better than Westbrook? Are you kidding me? Westbrook is garbage. I dont know why OKC hasn't gotten rid of him yet
Oaktown1029::He's not better than Kobe or Westbrook but there's no Roy to compete with (for SG) so he may make it.
CosmoKramer1444::Novak played 14 minutes. Ball Game.
AuthenticProphetic::BALLL GAAMME.
mr mellow::I am happy for Mark Jackson good win something to build on.  Knicks still have a way to go before they start talking championship en route though.
Eternal_Sage::golden state is looking good
mrkennedy23::Monta Ellis...the dude can drive to the basket with the best of them.
noeking15::How can the knicks win a championship if they dont play defense?...they picked up gifted scorers that cannot play defense...Mike  D'antoni was never known to have a good defensive team....looks like another Philadelphia Eagles....the dream is over...!
supordupor23::Yea thats true kenny, we will see as the season goes on. i honestly cant believe the warriors pulled it off without curry.  knicks should have a sick starting 5 once Davis returns, but no defense or teamwork lol
kenny10454::i never denied we got beat like a drum in the 4th!! but like i said it happens to every team!! and at the end of the year we'll see who has the better team!!
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::GO KNICKS
supordupor23::Monta drove on them repeatedly in the fourth and they had no answer.  fact.
noeking15::Yes I did...The wariors look better on both ends becuase they played like a team...!!!
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::AND THATS WHY THEY GOT THE W, NO DENYING THAT
supordupor23::LOL, its a bad sign when you have to talk about last year.  Must mean your team got smoked so bad that you can't even think up any excuses
kenny10454::it happens to every team every now and then. A player from the other team goes off and gets hot!! you cant stop em!! you should know it happened to GS 82 times last year.
supordupor23::Except when they had to stop Monta in the fourth quarter
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::YEA, BUT WHEN YOU HIT EVERYTHING YOU THROW AT THE RIM, NO ONE CAN DEFEND THAT. THE KNICKS D LOOKED MUCH IMPROVED IN BOTH GAMES THIS YEAR, AND ITS GOING TO KEEP GETTING BETTER, AND THE O IS NOT GOING TO SCORE 78 POINTS TOO OFTEN
GOBLUEinSF::AFTER TWO GAMES?  Thanks Bill Walton.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::YOU OBVIOUSLY DIDNT WATCH THE GAME LAST NIGHT THEN, THE D LOOKED GOOD
AuthenticProphetic::WHY ARE WE YELLING?
karelp::All three stars in this game sucked (16-49 combined shooting).
Scubascub::Melo 1 point in the 4th and 13 for the whole game smh
Oaktown1029::Chandler seems to thrive when he plays with an unselfish point guard who lets Tyson score every now and then - Paul &amp; Kidd. I don't see him meshing with the Knicks as he will get real tired of Melo's style - it's not conducive to winning -imho.
GOBLUEinSF::Dude, no one in NY thinks Chandler is the answer to anything other than a big body and some boards.  With our frontcourt all he needs to do is hit the glass and throw in some putbacks.
karelp::Good observation...any hustling big man needs to be rewarded every once in a while.  Melo and Amare are too busy trying to get their own shots to notice that.
GOBLUEinSF::After 2 games, I would agree.  But how many times did you see Melo or STAT get the ball in the low post with clowns like Walker or Novak clogging the baseline?  I noticed it about 5 or 6 times - GET THE HECK OUT OF THE WAY - they can go either way and have to learn how to space with those guys.  Chandler had at least 2 dumb fouls (the last one on Lee was terrible) and with a bit of coaching (clarifying to him that he doesn't need ticky-tack fouls, just to stay on the floor and be more up and down), I think this team will be fine.  I, just as much as any Knick fan, wants to win and win now but realize that the team as it is now hasn't even had a full week of practice.  It takes a bit of time.  If they're 10-10 but are getting better spreading the floor, hitting the glass and having Melo/STAT do their thing, they'll win games.  How many times are we going to see both of them go ice cold from the perimeter?  Not that often, so don't fret.
buller23::the mavs werent built around tyson. but the team as a whole was comitted to playin defense. i just dont think melo and amare and d antoni r
Mizzle85::You got it! Tyson is one of those players that needs to be on a team built for him to be great. Otherwise, he's just mediocre.
Mizzle85::TWO GAMES? How about damn near TEN YEARS? Yall think Tyson Chandler is some kind of new phenom to the NBA because of his magical year with Dallas but the truth is he's been in the league a decade and still hasn't done crap. Keep thinking he is going to turn things around for NY. You will be sadly disappointed.  And Chandler DOES NEED TO BE ON A TEAM BUILT TO HIS NEEDS TO BE GREAT. In Dallas, he could control the paint by himself. Had Dirk stretch the floor and didn't clog the lane (like with Amare) and he had wings that would help stop the pentetration to keep him out of foul trouble. NY isn't the same. Trust me, give up on your hope now.
GOBLUEinSF::Are you guys kidding me?  He's played TWO GAMES as a Knick and the Mavs most definitely were not "built for him to be great" (whatever that means).  He's not Shaq - you don't build teams around a mediocre center who gets into foul trouble 75% of the games he plays in.  Give it time.
Mizzle85::Always nice to see retro Tyson Chandler back in midseason form with his 4 point, 5 rebound averages. I told you as soon as the contract was signed that you were screwing yoursleves over Knicks fan. Take it from a Bobcats fan, HE'S NOT THAT GREAT! He's good and can be effective, but is overrated and overpaid. Without a stretch four or a PG to throw him alleys all day, he is a BUM!!! Luckily, the Knicks may have filled out the roster with decent enough players to offset the mistake that will forever be known as TC's contract, but you've pretty much made your bed New York.
supordupor23::Probably not far from it.  Its a bad sign when Kwame can man up Over 100 million in talent w/ Amare and Chandler
Mizzle85::Exactly!  The Knicks would've been better off plugging multiple needs with their money than throwing it all at this overrated goon.
supordupor23::Kwame Brown=10 rebounds in 12 minutes Tyson Chandler=3 rebounds in 22 minutes
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::ISNT THAT A CAREER HIGH OR SOMETHING?
supordupor23::Parker has tendinitis in both knees though
GOBLUEinSF::Although I don't disagree, the difference is he's on a team with two bona-fide superstars in the frontcourt.  Does everyone criticizing this loss or the team as a whole realize that we've had only a handful of practices and guys like Lin, maybe one?  I love how everyone knows about this guy or that guy - when Melo/STAT have a poor shooting night, this outcome will most likely occur.  When Fields is our leading scorer, unless he's dropping 40, it's all bad news.  As disgruntled as I was watching the second half last night, I calmed myself down after GW when on that absurd run mid 4th where they dropped all those 3's to take a 19pt lead - this is the SECOND GAME.  Just relax folks, we'll be OK.
Mizzle85::Like I said, we've already seen enough of Chandler in Charlotte to let you know the truth about him. New Orleans and Chicago fans will tell you the same thing. He is extremely limited. But it's fine, you'll learn.
supordupor23::I like Kwame, he isn't great but definitely comparable to Biedrins, and Kwame hasn't even been here that long/isn't in very good shape.  He is a serviceable backup C
buller23::as barkley would say kwame brown is turrible
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::KWAME IS HOOOORIBLE, AND WATS UP WITH THAT MOHAWK?, WHEN DID SCRUBS START SPORTING MOHAWKS?
supordupor23::Haha the Knicks need someone younger than Nash or Parker.  Amare is 29 but like 35 in terms of injuries.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::PARKER IS ONLY 29,ROUGHLY, THATS NOT THAT OLD
supordupor23::I can't believe how much money the Knicks gave Chandler.  When I heard the Warriors made him an offer, I was praying with all of my might that there was another team dumber than us.  lo and behold...
buller23::same thing i was praing 4 when i heard the bulls were talking to d antoni b4 they hired tibs. thank god 4 the knicks
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::YEA THATS TRUE, BUT SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO OVERPAY TO GET WHAT YOU NEED, THE CORE OF THE KNICKS ARE STILL YOUNG(BIG 3), NEXT YEAR THEY WILL GET PHIL JAX AND A BETTER PG(NASH OR PARKER), TO FILL THE NEEDS THAT THEY NEED NOW.
Mizzle85::Lol. I can't believe the Warriors offered that much. Yall ended up overpaying for Kwame (Charlotte cast offs are a big thing now, lol) but at least your front office was smart to only make it a 1 year contract!
supordupor23::LOL, Desanga Diop
Mizzle85::It's true. That guy is horrible.
buller23::chandler wont b much of a factor cause hes the only 1 commited to playin defense. hes great on a defensive minded team like dallas. but if new york thinks chanlder will change their team into a team that plays d. dont hold ur breath. d antoni will never win 1. just look at some of the teams he had with the suns. won alot of reg season games and thats it.
Mizzle85::Exactly. Chandler is a starting quality ROLE PLAYER which means that once he has to do anything other than play that role, he looks mediocre. The Knicks as a team are going to have to make a major new committment to defense if they hope to contend with what they have now. It may already be too late. I don't hate the Knicks, but I hate how Melo forced his way there and wish him nothing but failures in his career (lol, I'm a hater). Stat is cool, but they gotta learn to play D.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::I TOTALL AGREE WITH THE D'ANTONI THING, BUT THE D LOOKED GOOD MOST OF THE GAME LAST NIGHT, ITS GETTIN BETTER, IT TAKES TIME.
supordupor23::Its funny, I just got called stupid for saying the same thing!
Mizzle85::Don't worry. Whoever called you that is just having trouble facing reality right now. They'll find out soon enough when Tyson's contract is on the level of Gilbert Arenas'/Desagana Diops/Rashard Lewis. Hell, since it's the Knicks, we may as well call him Eddy Curry 2.0. It was written long ago that the Baby Bulls would grow up to ruin New York's cap space.
kenny10454::GS hasnt been irrelavent since cris mullen and his high top was wearing the jersey..but they looked good yest..hope you guys enjoy the biggest win in the history of your franchise!!
kokopelli365::Uhhhhh - if my memory serves me well I believe the Warriors have won an NBA Championship more recently than the Knicks... so ess you see kay it  NINETEEN SEVENTY-THREE!
CosmoKramer1444::2007.
supordupor23::I guess ur right bro
supordupor23::Loss
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::YEA, BUT AT LEAST THEY WERE THERE I GUESS
supordupor23::Warriors last won an NBA title in the 70s.  Same with the Knicks.  Whats your point?  What have you guys (or us) done in the past 40 years?  Nothing, but Knicks fans act like their team is the best in the NBA every year, and then end up embarrassing themselves
buller23::melo is a great scorer but doesnt have the heart to win it all and the only reason they made it to the finals in 99 was bcause jordan retired. and a bad call on scottie pipen.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::FINALS IN '99
kenny10454::well now i understand why you GS fans are acting the way you are!! Cuz you have never been there before!! you never known what a winner is!! so now that your a game above .500 for the first time in god knows how long you dont know how to act!!
kenny10454::Lets see..GS..good in the 70's and 07...thats about it!! its actually pretty pathetic when you team is only known for having one of its players choke its coach!!!
Danalyzer::I'm thinking the Warriors run in '07 has matched (at least) anything the Knicks have done in the last...what, 10 years? C'mon, man...the Knicks get coverage because they're in NY, but that franchise hasn't produced anything to be proud of from a historical perspective. Good in the 70's, good in the 90's, wack other than that....
kenny10454::yes he was
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::CAN YOU TELL ME IF WALSH WAS THE GM WHEN THE KNICKS TRADED FOR MELO?
supordupor23::Where is there, the second round of the playoffs?  I doubt you would know, I don't think the Knicks have been there since the '90s
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::THATS NOT WHAT HE IS SAYIN
kenny10454::ever heard that saying act like you been there before??
supordupor23::We Believe?  Remember that?  Guess not.  Thats the last time the Warriors were relevant, more than I can say for the Knicks
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::C-WEBB WAS THE MAN WHILE PLAYING IN GS
gethugefast1::Fields was absolutely terrible on both sides of the ball.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::HE LOOKED SOLID OFFENSIVELY LAST NIGHT
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::QUICK QUESTION  WAS WALSH THE GM OF THE KNICKS, WHEN THE MELO DEAL WAS DONE?
ZachC1965::As a W's fan it's easy to be cynical, but they sure are looking good so far!  Beating the Knicks by 14 without Curry? Impressive...
CosmoKramer1444::Ewing effect.
supordupor23::Warriors finally have a bench.  Rush can obviously ball and Brown provides good depth at center, while Ish Smith was making the Knicks look like fools last night.  Thompson is only going to improve, and if Udoh can add a little to his game offensively I think the Warriors will start making some noise
supordupor23::First of all, you wish I was liking my own posts.  Obviously there are some people out there that agree with me Second, no one is going to argue the fact that the Lakers are on the downhill slide, but they will obviously be a force come playoff time.  But where did I say anything about them?  Stop putting words in my mouth Third, that was your guys only trip out here this season and you lost.  3 games in or 53, thats it. Fourth, don't even try to tell me Melo can drop 40 on the Warriors. He isn't on the Nuggets anymore.
supordupor23::Plus, the warriors are one of the youngest teams in the entire NBA.  They don't have a single player aged 30 or up.  How are you going to say a team that raw isn't going to contend?
Knickerbockers.MTA::We are 3 games into the season... The Lakers are 1-2, you really think they won't contend?
supordupor23::Hahahahaha Knickerbockers, u bitter bro?  Why should I believe the Knicks are a contender and the Warriors aren't?  Come on now man, be realistic.  We posted big wins against the Bulls and Knicks.  Warriors are undoubtedly a contender in a shortened season, everyone is.  Especially if they beat 2 of the supposed best teams in the east.  Don't get all butthurt that you lost bro
buller23::warriors are a good team, beat my bulls the other nite. now we didnt play good either but I make no excuses 4 them. mark jackson is the differenence. as far as the knicks go. they wont get past the second round as long as d antoni is their coach. HE DOESNT COACH DEFENSE.
Danalyzer::If you want to take the 60-game approach, that's even less reason to not whoop it up when the Warriors win...I mean, they're wack, right? So we need to be happy while we can, right? You are butt-hurt, plain and simple, otherwise you wouldn't be so defensive from the get-go.
Knickerbockers.MTA::First of all, stop liking your own posts.  Secondly, I'm not butt hurt, nor am I bitter.  We lost a game, you won a game.  Let's see where the two teams are in 60 games. That's all I'm saying.
supordupor23::On another note, I'm kinda excited to see how B-Diddy works out for the Knicks when he gets healthy.  I loved him ever since his days in GS, and while fitness and age are a concern, dude can definitely ball
OFrog::BD has seen better days. He is nowhere near his Warrior form. Still a baller. Can school Shumpert. Good young/old tandem.
supordupor23::Yeah you're right, but now that the Warriors have the luxury of being able to sit Ellis and Curry down for more than 5-10 minutes  a game, they should stay healthier and fresher throughout the whole season.  Monta played an absolutely ridiculous amount of minutes last season.  Also nice to see that Jackson will sit Ellis down if he's cold, Smart never woulda done that
FriscoWarriors415::The Knicks couldn't handle the warriors heavy D!! We shut Melo and everyone else down! So dont say it was the players having a bad night
Danalyzer::They also beat Chicago just prior...so it isn't just "one game", although I'm sure your tunnel vision makes it easy for you to be surprised that there are other games being played outside of the Knicks game. It's a new coach, and a new system, is why we think this...the Warriors won 2 games w/ *defense*, and we know the Warriors still have the pieces to simply win ballgames by shooting lights-out. This is why we're optimistic.
OFrog::Fields actually had a decent game. Was best offensive threat.  Melo did not show, Amare had another clunker Some Knicks had foul trouble, not all. Warriors scored in 4th, but NY fell apart badly.  Douglas is a chucker, what's new?   My biggest keys, boards and points in the paint, both dominated by Warriors. And let's not forget, defense.
Knickerbockers.MTA::I'm not trying to take anything away from you... But I'm also not trying to give you anything you haven't earned yet. You won a game. That's it.
Knickerbockers.MTA::You guys started the season 2-1 and you're thinking your a legit contender?  Come on, man.  The stars aligned for you last night.  You played a good game, but it took a lot of things for you to beat a team that's been together 2 weeks at most.   1) Landry Fields was absolutely terrible on both sides of the ball. 2) Melo and STAT were ice cold last night... All night. 3) The Knicks were in foul trouble all game. 4) You guys were lights out in the 4th.  Everything you threw up went in. 5) Toney Douglas decided to chuck all night long.
Danalyzer::7 seed...this year. Trust me....teams like Utah and Phoenix are falling off the map, there'll be slippage from the Lakers and Spurs, and the Warriors have started the season by whipping a couple of East contenders, one game w/o Steph Curry.
Danalyzer::Spurs are hard to figure out, and they did have a ton of wins last year...people have loved wondering about their age, but I've held back until this year. They'll look good coming out of the gate and the lockout-shortened season will help, but come the 40th game or so, I think they'll be sucking wind and look slow...yes, still playoffs, still dangerous, but maybe like a 4th-5th seed.
OFrog::Slippage from Lakers and Mavs. Maybe not Spurs. Utah was already off the map and Suns plummeted. Going to be tight because Clips are getting better. I like the improved Warriors a lot, who knows, but West is still stacked with good playoff teams. If I was to guess, Warriors get to playoffs because of Rockets and Suns demise.
supordupor23::Plus McGuire was able to pretty much mark Melo out of the game
Danalyzer::Haha, how can the guy guarding someone have nothing to do with their poor shooting night? Silly statement...I'm sure if they met again, Melo would have a better game, but that's not the point. McGuire was a big reason why Melo looked bad in last night's game, period.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Right... Had nothing to do with McGuire. 9 times out of 10 Melo scores 40 in that game.
OFrog::Melo was off all game long, even his normally decent boards were not there. He just did not show up for some reason.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Melo was off all night long, not just when McGuire was covering him.  Did you watch the game or just listen to the postgame?
OFrog::All of that is fluff. Window dressing. They finally have a coach. A guy that can gameplan, make in game and halftime adjustments and preaches defense. Right now I would take noob Jackson over vet D Antoni all day long.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Jackson is a great bball mind.  That's the difference for GS this year, you're right.
Danalyzer::And as usual, ESPN provides no coverage to anything Warriors. I'd blame it on being the late game, but somehow they manage to over-cover the Lakers and now, the Clippers. But here are two teams (Chicago &amp; New York) heavily considered to contend in the East that came into Oracle and got handled....it gets a collective yawn from the super-network. I'll never say there's an East Coast bias...simply because it's a big-market bias. Go ahead, Golden State -- upset the apple cart and make them talk about you just like the 49ers did.
GOBLUEinSF::Want some cheese with that whine?
BobBobb22::Thanks D - same to your Warriors!  Us "little" guys gotta stick together!
BobBobb22::Fair enough Danalyzer, but once Melo left, it was all about the Knicks.  Melo and the Knicks.  Lebron and the Heat.  Durant and the Thunder.  Rose and the Bulls.  Kobe and the Lakers - even CP3 and the Clippers.  Um - let's see - errrr - hmmm... ya - the Nuggets/Warriors.  ESPN doesn't know what to do with teams that don't have a superstar...
Danalyzer::Yeah, I'm with you...but they talked about David Lee all day when he played for the Knicks, and now ignore him that he's on the Dubs...but yep, he's just a "star" and not a "superstar", just like Monta Ellis and Steph Curry. Golden State only has a "Medium 3" instead of a "Big 3", so no coverage, haha. Good luck to the Nuggets...I bet they surprise people assuming they won't be in the mix.
OFrog::For me the less coverage on these teams the better. The Warriors went from getting +2 1/2 to +6 1/2 because no one knows about them.
BobBobb22::Welcome to the Nugget's world!  It's actually okay being under the radar and/or disrespected though.  Would actually rather have it that way then be under the microscope.  Like, say, the Broncos...
Danalyzer::True, but the Nuggets had some coverage before b/c of Melo and b/c they put out an entertaining, solid product on the court in years prior. The Warriors deservedly had no press before, but there's been enough changes and they've started out w/ enough bang to warrant some attention. They'll only cover them when they have to.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::YOU LIKE TO "BOB"?
Knickerbockers.MTA::Ohhh you're a Denver guy... Makes sense.
bbold2::Today I am so happy to be a warriors fan.  After 3 games to start the season, I am happy to say that unlike the past, we are not already 3 games behind the division leader.  Go GS!
supordupor23::Man I am SOOOOOOOOOO glad that Chandler decided to go to NY instead of GS.  I'd rather have Kwame Brown anyways, for real
1908gocubs::chandler worked best on dallas. the perimeter guys actually did a good job on the heat stars in the finals. kidd and marion and stevenson was tremendous. they had quality depth for defending miami's players and now they dont have that and chandler is on a team with no defensive presence.
kenny10454::kwame??? get off that crack!! hes one of the biggest bust in NBA history!!
OFrog::Like me? I don't know basketball?
Knickerbockers.MTA::They are GS fans... They don't know basketball.
supordupor23::How has Chandler looked so far?  He was beneficiary of a team that was able to work with him last year.  The Knicks don't work together as an offense, they just kick it to Melo and let him do his thing, or take some other ill advised shot
OFrog::A post defender like Chandler is only as good as his guard defense, or team defense because he aggressively blocks shots. Was a good addition.
Knickerbockers.MTA::He has been with the Knicks for 2 weeks. Calm down.
supordupor23::I've dealt with Turiaf on the Warriors before, at least he hustles a little more than Chandler.  Bibby is useless, so is Lin.  and that other PG you guys had in there was rough.  Knicks frontcourt has potential, but man their backcourt is really weak
Knickerbockers.MTA::Agreed.
OFrog::That Shumpert injury was a bonafide disaster. He was playing great before that happened. Lin is a stop gap, at best. Shumpert and BD will be vastly better than current pg's.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Lin will be cut when Shumpert comes back.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::CHANDLER NEEDS TO FIND A WAY NOT TO BE IN FOUL TROUBLE IN EVERY GAME HE PLAYS. TURIAF IS NOT BETTER THAN CHANDLER, NOT EVEN CLOSE. I AGREE THE BACKCOURT IS A LITTLE SUSPECT, BUT IN TIME THE SHOULD BE ALRIGHT. THE NEED TIME TO GEL, AND GET HEALTHY. MY ? IS, WHY SIGN LIN WHO HAS NO EXPERIENCE, INSTEAD OF SOMEONE WHO DOES, WHEN YOU ARE SO IN DESPERATE NEED OF A PURE PG NOW.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Wow, you sure are bitter about missing out on an average player.
OFrog::Weak does not describe it.
OFrog::Turiaf was a disaster last season, possibly the worst center in the NBA, while Chandler was bringing home a trophy to the formerly choking Mavs. How do they look without him now?
supordupor23::Also i'm not your son, i am in fact your father
Knickerbockers.MTA::The Knicks are fine.  Why are you people reading into game 2 of the season this much?  This team has been together for 2 weeks.
OFrog::I might say the Knicks paid him a bit too much. But just a bit, and the alternative was another year of Turiaf. I think the Melo deal shaped the Knicks a lot more than getting Chandler. He took up too much cap space and Billups was gone. The Melo trade hit the Knicks in so many areas.
supordupor23::No matter what way you slice it, the Knicks overpaid ridiculously for an average (at best) player in Chandler.  And Baron Davis won't be healthy or help that much at PG.  You guys are kinda screwed
supordupor23::Remember when everyone talked smack on the warriors and said the knicks were going to destroy them?  Remember when Chandler resembled a huge steaming pile of fecal matter on the court, the Knicks had no point guard, and the warriors dismantled them?  I do, it was last night
Knickerbockers.MTA::It's 1 game, the 2nd game of the season.  Relax, son. Let's see in 64 games where both teams are.
supordupor23::We gave Kwame 7 mil and he looked wayyyyyyyy better on the boards in 12 minutes than Chandler did all game
OFrog::Chandler was in foul trouble because the Knicks have close to zero perimeter defense. Guys were running right at Chandler all game long. Douglas, Melo and especially Bibby were just getting blown by. Sorry, I'm not putting Kwame over Chandler right now.
Knickerbockers.MTA::you added a few more "y's"... Good work
Knickerbockers.MTA::Tyson was in foul trouble from the tip.
supordupor23::We gave Kwame 7 mil and he looked wayy better on the boards in 12 minutes than Chandler did all game
supordupor23::Hahahahahaha.  You guys gave Tyson Chandler 56 million. LOLOLOLOL
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::BTW, 58 MIL
Knickerbockers.MTA::You're high
OFrog::I sometimes ponder who really came out better in the Melo trade? Knicks or Denver?
supordupor23::ofrog u cool, knickerbockers lame
supordupor23::i was quoting a knicks fan that i made up to embody they unnecessary elitist attitude that all knicks fans possess.  you got beat down by golden state, sit down and go home
BobBobb22::There ARE some Knick fans that want to talk hoops - OFrog and cwear11 for example...
OFrog::Come on man, enough is enough. Talk hoops not trash.
BobBobb22::Denver did what they needed to do to re-sign Nene and Afflalo.  Guessing they'll do what it takes to keep Gallo - Karl loves the guy...
OFrog::I'm thinking the same. Gallo was really beginning to rock with NY. He looks great in Denver.
supordupor23::Who said I was quoting you?  mr. conceited over here
Knickerbockers.MTA::Who are you quoting?
supordupor23::"Oh yeah, we just traded these 2 dudes away but they're definitely going to both sign with us in free agency in 1 year because we are the knicks"  lolololololol
OFrog::CP3 would have been a perfect fit for the Knicks. And fill thier biggest weakness, pg. Just did not have the money under the cap or trade assets because of the Melo trade. Gallo will either resign with Denver or go for the most money. Felton was a good fit. Just gave way too much for Melo. Got in a bidding war with themselves when they were in the power chair.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Don't use quotes if I didn't say those exact words, tough guy.
BobBobb22::I was thinking the same thing.  Not sure why Knicks fans think everyone wants to play for them.  They thought they'd get Nene.  And CP3.  And Dwight Howard.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Gallo LOVES NY.  We NEED Felton. I'm not saying everyone wants to play in NY, but I do think those 2 will be back.
Knickerbockers.MTA::I never thought we'd get Nene.  Never thought we'd get CP3 (and never wanted him).  Never thought we'd get Howard.
supordupor23::Hahahah like both of them are going to go back to the sorry as s knicks
BobBobb22::For what the Knicks gave up?  Denver.  Knicks have no bench.  Denver bench scored 53 last night.  Knicks have no PG.  Denver has 2 - and Fernandez played point in garbage time for them last night.  Nuggets didn't need Felton or Billups.  Knicks do.
OFrog::I really don't like the where guys are going projections. Every Knick fan out there was convinced CP3 was going to be in a Knick uniform this season. But Melo sucked up so much cap space with that max extension. Right now, no one is going to the Knicks but amnesty guys like Baron that no one else wants.
Knickerbockers.MTA::I wish we had given up Fields instead of Gallo, though.
Knickerbockers.MTA::It's too early to say because the Nuggets will not be able to keep their bench. Gallo will prob be back in NY as soon as he hits FA.  I'm guessing Felton comes back too, even though he isn't with Denver anymore, that will still factor into the winner/loser conversation.  If we get Gallo and Felton back, we gave up Mozgov and Wilson Chandler for Melo.  I like that trade for NY.
OFrog::I am thinking the Knicks gave up too much. Especially depth. What troubles me even more is how solid the Knicks looked with that depth before the Melo trade. They were really coming together. They had pg's and Fields was just a stud. Last night was the first time in a long time Fields actually looked like he did before Melo.  Melo just seems like a one dimensional player. Same way he always was on Denver. Even worse there. But D Antoni just does not cut it. I think Woodson gets the nod soon, as they have committed to Amare, Melo and Chandler.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Too early to say
OFrog::Fair enough, results pending, but if you had to grade it up to now? Another thing that just jumped out at me. The Rebounds, fast break points and points in the paint. In the old preJackson days you could count on Warriors having most fast break points, getting killed in paint and rebounds. Just the exact opposite vs. the Knicks. The Warriors used to look like the Knicks.
Knickerbockers.MTA::The Knicks lost a game??? OMG they are terrible!
Diiirrrkkkkkkk::Maybe Tyson Chandler should've stayed with the Mavs
Metropolitans Est.1962::wow the Knicks suck badly!
cwear11::Revenge against California basketball by beating the Lakers tonight?  I can deal with that.  Best match up: aging Fisher vs. shaky Douglas.
Pusherman3::Everyone hates the Lakers in the West...go for it.
RMXG8::I HOPE U GUYS BEAT THEM!
RMXG8::GO FOR IT!!!!
RMXG8::IM A NINER, GIANT, AND WARRIOR!!!!!!!!!! YEEEE!!!!!!!!!
RMXG8::BUT I ONLY WATCH SHARKS WEN IN PLAYOFFS, I DONT FOLLOW THEM AS MUCH AS I DO WITH THE NINERS ,GIANTS ,AND WARRIORS.=)
RMXG8::OH YEAH SHARKS TOO, HAHAHA NO KINGS.
kenny10454::kings??
cpfranko::no sharks?
agoods03::It's sad when I get on ESPN and see that Landry Fields was our top scorer.
yanks2216::that dunk he had was pretty sweet. Just saying lol.
kenny10454::what?? that doesnt even make sense...lol..he made like 3 bad passes..he doesnt need to score 20 a game..we would be ok with 10/5..he's a good player just settle down and make open shots when melo and stats gets double teamed and take care of the ball.
cwear11::The bummer with some of those turnovers was just miscommunication too.  Not all were BAD throwaways.  He's still suffering from having Melo on his team.
kenny10454::Fields didnt have too bad of a night..he's just gotta cut down on the turnovers.
DoubleV1369::actually STAT had 16 points and 10 boards, just not in a noticable way.
jp68lea62::Nobody cares about you either... you're an idiot.
DoubleV1369::is that really necessary? i happen to agree with him. if fans of opposite teams could just be adults and converse, threads like this would be much easier and more enjoyable to use. what exactly makes him an idiot? being reasonable? asking for maturity? telling trolls to leave? great argument dude.
cwear11::If you're not a Knicks fan, why are you trolling this thread saying stupid things like "YOU KNICKS FANS ____"  Nobody cares about you.  Leave now
RMXG8::IT WAS A JOKE!
DoubleV1369::i know that. it was a joke, like D'Antoni's defensive schemes. OHHHHHHHHH!!!!  : D
cpfranko::scroll back and look at yesterdays comments.  it was smack talk all day until the game was actually played, hehe.  Then it seemed to stop for some reason..........wonder why?
cwear11::haha.  Ain't that the truth.  Actually, I'm really only here to begin talking smack against the Lakers.
cpfranko::Your right,  I should know by now that the smack talkers are never here the day after a loss.  My bad.
cwear11::Alright, fair enough.  I thought it was directed toward some smack talk that I did... which I don't do before games for reasons like what happened last night.  I do think there is a fine line between smack talk and useless boasting than getting offensive to people about their team.  But I wasn't on the thread last night haha, so I don't know how it went down.
RMXG8::DAMN NEW YORKERS! LOL
DoubleV1369::hey im a New Yorker AND a Warriors fan : P
cpfranko::sounds like Knicks fans only like to talk smack.  If your gonna talk smack then deal with the smack talk being thrown back your way.  Take your skirt off and put on some man pants, ty.
DoubleV1369::a lot of it was yesterday. it was funny, but to a point it was just kind of silly. people predicting Melo to drop 40 or saying the Knicks would run us out of the building i can tolerate. but people who predict a team to win because "dude Warriors suck Knicks win the title this year, nobody can stop us, we will have top five offense and defense this year" was just kind of stupid. i cant hate on Knicks fans because they are passionate (i live in NY after all). but like with any sports team, a few bad apples can give the whole group a bad rep. you seem alright though sir.
cwear11::I missed the smack talking.  Elaborate please?
DoubleV1369::im a warriors fan, just enjoy talking basketball. besides i gotta needle you guys a little bit, i was in here yesterday getting called insane because i predicted a lower scoring game. but it was a good game for quite a while. who would have thought the Brandon Rush trade would have so much impact right away?
DoubleV1369::haha fair enough.
cwear11::Especially after we almost ruined his career.  I guess it was fitting that he'd want to destroy us.
cpfranko::I have learned a valueable leason this season in sports.  Coaching really does matter.  The Niners signing Harbaugh has made all the difference in the world.  I know its early, but so far Jackson seems to be turning this team around in a hurry.  Its great to see and i hope we keep our new coaches for years and years.
DoubleV1369::if i never hear the term "Nellie Ball" again, it would be too soon.
Pusherman3::Jackson looks like a very good coach.
paul2285::I think Melo would be a good 6th man that comes off the bench to provide some scoring
cwear11::haha, you're on to something.
kenny10454::GS played a good game hats off to them.. now all you denver fans..keep your moral victories and being happy with just making the playoffs!! sounds like a losers goal!! Knick fans expect nothing less than a ring!!
supordupor23::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA.  When I think of NBA teams that are whacker than the Warriors, the Knicks definitely come to mind.  We have a wayyyy better shot of making out of the West than you guys do out of the East.
RMXG8::IM SORRY BUT KNICKS WILL NOT GET A RING...SO ALL U KNICKS FANS KEEP EXPECTING.
southridge305::knicks not getting a ring this year, but its good to have high hopes for your team
paul2285::what ever helps you sleep at night
agoods03::Didn't watch the game cause it was on late in the East Coast.  What the hell happened last night?
mightywiichampion::Monta Els lit you up in the 4th.16 points and 7 assists
Lord_Q::I was at the game and I can safely say it was ugly.  Foul trouble, missed shots, giving up layups on the other end and the list goes on.  Brandon Rush was definitely a beast last night.  It was nice to see a bunch of Knicks fans, glad I wasnt the only one there...  Lets hope they can figure it out before they take the court against Kobe tonight.
DoubleV1369::Chandler got into foul trouble, Brandon Rush out hustled everyone in the 3rd quarter and got the Warriors back into the game, and the Knicks offense looked horrible from there on. they also were terrible defending Monta down the stretch. something like 8 points and 6 assists during a 7 minute stretch
cwear11::Yuck.  Nuff said.  Melo and STAT kept shooting even though they couldn't find a way to make it, and Chandler was in really bad foul trouble.  When Fields was our best player and still had 4 bad turnovers, we were bound to have problems.  Oh, and D'Antoni folded in the clutch.  Didn't do any coaching to get us out of the hole.
Pusherman3::When Bibby went into the game, the Warriors killed him.  for your sake, I hope Baron gets healthy.   This team needs a PG.
