godsent224::Lets go knicks
heatfanscleanmatoilet::miami is ranked the most miserable city in the US . I blame the heat fans
heatfanscleanmatoilet::Everytime I hear heats  fans say they're going to win a title I think of this  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f57fLsRLIw
heatfanscleanmatoilet::for all the heat fans i posted that video on youtube
heatfanscleanmatoilet::whatsup with Thibs not playing our bench when we  are killing teams by 20 points in the 4th quarter
IlliniDave68::21-6, right there at the top of the league standings, and some Bulls fans are STILL complaining!  SMH.
ttecza::SMH also. A lot of it has to do with the economics of the game. Boozer benefited from being in the right place at the right time. He was the only option left for the Bulls at the time. Meanwhile, people expect certain production to justify the contract. As we all know, that doesn't always happen. So Boozer catches the brunt of it.  On the other hand, if the Bulls did not sign Boozer. We would of heard. Dumb Bulls. Why didn't they sign Boozer? Some of these fans suffer from what I call, Christmas present syndrome. They get that toy they are waiting for. Then only play with it for a couple weeks. And it sits on the shelf in the closet til they move out of the house. LOL. But, like you said, 21-6!
srpayne73::still the worst defensive player in the league
sverney@gmail.com::7 Things You Didn't Know About C.J. Watson: http://www.thewindyapple.com/2012/02/07/7-things-you-didnt-know-about-c-j-watson/
IlliniDave68::My cousin just posted this on FB and I HAD to share it, here -  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2996674567245&amp;set=a.2996673567220.2134510.1573675415&amp;type=1&amp;theater  Says it all.
BeanZ06::Has anyone noticed Boozer is way more efficient when he plays with Watson?
CJSWAN232482::@Marten20,,  I think Thibs is not getting the most out of Boozer and it is not all on Boozer.   There is no way Gibson is a better post player offensively/.  The field goal comparison's is not even close.
marten20::Actually I think it's more the fact that Boozer is not good anywhere in the low post so when Rose is in the good and Boozer is at the high post but ineffective in the pick n roll, he takes himself out of the offense. Rose is still going to drive to the basket and if Boozer is not in the post, he won't get the ball. Boozer is causing his own problems. If ya'll are saying he plays better with the bench, that means he is not good enough to be in the starting lineup. And the fact that he only has good games like this against garbage teams or when Rose is out, proves he shouldn't be starting. Start Taj Gibson at the PF, he plays the post better, has way better defense, and rebounds better. Let Boozer play with the second team and he can get his numbers against the other teams bench players. Hey, you all have solve the Bulls problem; they overpaid an aged bench player.
IlliniDave68::"Aged bench player"?!!  The dude's only 30!!!
CJSWAN232482::They rely on sharing the ball more and running the offense when Rose is out.  As a result, Boozer gets more touches and as able to more easily get in a rhythm.  I would like to see the Bulls play against a playoff team without Rose to solidify my theory but that is exactly what is happenning.  Boozer also plays well off Rip as well.
sverney@gmail.com::7 Things You Didn't Know About C.J. Watson: http://www.thewindyapple.com/2012/02/07/7-things-you-didnt-know-about-c-j-watson/
mccoywajmu::he plays more efficient vs inferior teams
IlliniDave68::Oh, give it a rest already!
gbanks2010::Thats because teams play man to man when he is in there, they don't fear him as much as rose. When Rose is in they try to get the ball out of his hands, Boozer can't sit back down low like he prefers to do.
gbanks2010::Bulls have five of 6 losses to all playoff teams two were blowouts and the rest were all by a few points. The Bulls also have played more road games than any other team. Finally of those six losses the bulls have already beat the two of the teams they lost they blew-out Memphis and beat Atlanta by a few points, the other losses they have only played those teams once so far. When they bulls start getting all these home games they are going to widen their margin of victory, because all these other teams are going to have to play a lot of road games and I bet you they will not fare as well as the bulls especially if they have injuries to starters and key players. Atlanta is already faltering now that Horford is out and they have to play on the road.
Robert156877::What is interesting is that after this current road trip, ending this Sunday, the Bulls will only have 13 road games left, 12 if you consider one of them is played at Milwawkee, "United Center North", which is like a home game.  Meanwhile they have 23 games at home.
IlliniDave68::Yep. That's the nice part. We knew it was gonna have to balance out at some point! :)
23BigBen10::Bulls are good, die in a hole
monkeysars4u::point differential is a much better measurement of the teams strength rather than the teams they play
IlliniDave68::In conjunction with SOS, yes it is. For example, Chicago has the 2nd best differential in the league at +9.2. Only Philly's +10 tops that but Philly's SOS is lower than Chicago's and must be factored in as well.
drinking beer with cutler::I would like to see Boozer play well against a good team for once.
CJSWAN232482::The main difference is mostly 5 less minutes a game. If Boozer was playing 35 minutes a game he would be averaging 17-18 points and over 10 rbs a game.
IlliniDave68::Boozer's not nearly as bad as a lot of Bulls fans let on -  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/1703/carlos-boozer  What, a 15 ppg average isn't good enough for some of you?!!
CJSWAN232482::Or they can commit to rely more on sharing the ball and less on watching Rose go 1 on 5.
IlliniDave68::What you saw on the Bulls website sounds like a very plausible explanation to me.
Jaywashing::At this point, I would consider Booz overpaid and inconsistent (they call me Cpt. Obvious). But 15 and 9 (or 8) is solid.   On the Bulls website, someone mentioned that it seems like Booz does better with CJ than Rose because their games don't impede each other's and CJ gets Booz the ball more. Whether all of that is true, I cannot quite determine. But it did provoke a thought: Booz might be better served coming off the bench where scoring is lacking and defense is less needed (I guess Asik can hold down the paint pretty well). Of course, then you could point out that the starting lineup's front court would be starved of scorers. So, I don't know.  I could write an essay on this $@%! consisting solely of theory and hypotheses. I'm not a strong enough basketball mind to make any conclusions. Thibs would never take Booz out of the starting lineup, anyway.
IlliniDave68::Have I called anyone names?  No, so grow up.  That said, Boozer's averaging 15 ppg for the SEASON. No one plays all bad teams over the course of a season. He was signed to help the Bulls win games, which is precisely what he is doing. Deng is Rose's 2nd option and everyone knows it. If anyone's been a disappointment for them this season, purely from an injury stand point (because he's been solid when he has played), it's been Hamilton.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::we got him to show up in the playoffs and be a number two option to Rose. not pad his numbers against bad teams. wake up fool
IlliniDave68::He's 23rd in the league among Forwards in scoring -  http://www.nba.com/statistics/player/Scoring.jsp?league=00&amp;season=22011&amp;conf=OVERALL&amp;position=2&amp;splitType=9&amp;splitScope=GAME&amp;qualified=N&amp;yearsExp=-1&amp;splitDD=  Pretty good in my book.
bluehen2323::Not when you're making over $15 mil a year
MettaWorldWar::I guess Bogans really showed those Bulls a thing or two...
IlliniDave68::http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings/_/sort/sos  Says here that less than half of the teams in the league (14) have a SOS rating of over .500 . Of those 14, only 5 have winning records. Of those 5, only 2 (Clippers and Spurs) are leading their divisions. So, those of you who are slamming the Bulls for their schedule need to be aware that there are 15 other teams with sub-.500 SOS. Yes, Miami and Philadelphia are two of those.  I'd even say that SOS, while still an important stat for benchmark purposes, is less important this season due to the fact this isn't your average NBA campaign. Due to the lockout, there was little time for the players to properly prepare for the season and the 66 games they decided to play are being compressed into 120 days.
IlliniDave68::Nice point, as well, sir.
ArcusProtus::also, the nature of SOS is that when all other things are equal, the best team in the league will always have the lowest SOS - because they never have to play themselves!  think about it... if there are only five teams in the league - Teams A, B, and C, plus the Bulls and Heat - the Heat will have a higher SOS than the Bulls because they have to play teams A, B, C, and the Bulls, while the Bulls only have to play teams A, B, C, and Heat.  Which of course is easier.
mintzerkj4eva::Uh oh What happened to Rose
Cubs Apologist::back spasms he will be all good
mintzerkj4eva::Think Thibs could lighten up on his and Deng's minutes?
BullsontheRise::Nice game Bulls!!! Great ball movement in the first half. It seemed like every shot was a layup or dunk off an assist. If they can get everyone healthy shortly after the All Star break, we'll really get to see what kind team they can be.
tbomber2::was gogo berry really trolling the chicago boards at 4AM?
ArcusProtus::hahahaha!
IlliniDave68::It's called having NO LIFE.
WhyUHatin47::Is it me or do the Bulls have a game EVERY goddamn day? No wonder there ahead of everybody plus its usually vs a bunch of softies.
monkeysars4u::point differential is a much better measurement of the teams strength rather than the teams they play
tbomber2::you make it sound like playing every goddamn day is advantageous to a team... which is just plain stupid
WhoaaaaBundy::So youre saying that playing the most games is why they are ahead of everybody? Winning the most games is why they are ahead of everybody. They are beating the teams the should definitely beat. Some of the other top teams are losing to teams that they should beat.
IlliniDave68::Golden State just has Chicago's number (kind of like Milwaukee does with Miami). I can't remember the last time the Bulls beat them at their place. Chicago has already beaten Atlanta and Memphis, in blowouts, with Deng available. The losses to Philly and Indiana and, I believe, the 2nd loss to Memphis, all came with Deng hurt. Now, you can, and likely will, come back and call that an excuse. However, when the guy in question has a career average of 16.1 ppg, it's NOT an excuse to say he's missed. It's a FACT.
lovesports3409::The Bulls are playing a lot of games on the road. That has something to say for themselves as well.
JoeC231::Yea, flawless reasoning there. I'd say the team with a 21-6 record is also a pretender, but I'm not an idiot.
WhyUHatin47::Besides Golden State......Indiana,Miami,Atlanta,Philly, &amp; Memphis are all playoff teams. Chicago are pretenders man.
JoeC231::WhyUHatin? Pretty ironic user name you have.
Robert156877::Like the Lakers, Clippers, Grizzlies, Hawk, Magic, Celtics, Timberwolves .
WhyUHatin47::Look at your past schedule. You seem to beat all the soft teams and lose to the teams that are for real.
JoeC231::Stupid hypocrite. Come back when you have actual facts to base your ignorant claims off of.
WhyUHatin47::Its not hatin when its truth.
Mindless-Heat-Fan-go-team-go::I think the Heat are the best team ever. you don't need any rings to prove that. rings are dumb
IlliniDave68::Heat fans are even dumber.
WhiteSoxFan12389::Scalabrine&gt;MJ
maze1on1::Michael Jackson?
maze1on1::S.O.S doesn't take into account a teams home record, just the overall. The bulls have played 17/27 games on the road and are only percentage points behind OK for the best record in the NBA, so lose the sos argument it doesn't float. Bulls will win the championship this year.
miahjennah::The Bulls are playin us all. First Rose, then Deng, now Rose again, its a plan. A plan to win the title.
Robert156877::The injuries are frustrating, but it will make the Bulls a better playoff team because it will give confidence to the bench players, having had to carry the team on days when the starters were out.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::Anyone know where I can get a full on the Benny the Bull costume? All I can find are the masks
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::Da Bulls! I think D. Rose can sit the next couple games out..........
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Da Bulls #1
Rossi46Doctor::Yawn. Another passive-aggressive internet coward. Good luck with that whole thing, Dingleberrymix6
Gogoberrymix6::are you going to comment about basketball? Or project your issues on me?
Gogoberrymix6::hmmmm
Rossi46Doctor::Gotcha! Knew I'd get you to take the bait sooner or later. W
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::Who's got the best record in the East right now?
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::I was just asking, no need to be offended
Gogoberrymix6::lol im offended by your post
Gogoberrymix6::Who has the best record in college basketball?  Murray St
monkeysars4u::point differential is more important than the teams u play. they have also had most their games on the road
Gogoberrymix6::Like the Bulls, Murray st has benefited from a weak schedule and hasn't beat a good team lately
Gogoberrymix6::The Bulls
Gogoberrymix6::Lol reported?
Cubs Apologist::^prob uses his hand with this picture
Gogoberrymix6::I'm curious, if the Bulls were in 12th place in the East, would you still act like MJ is playing for the Bulls right now?
Rossi46Doctor::Reported to mods and flagged. Good luck.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I'm curious, if the Heat were 12th place in the East, would you still act like MJ is playing the for the Heat right now?
dabulls2012::And although MJ didn't play for the Heat, his jersey is still retired...first one the Heat ever retired I believe.
Robert156877::Not even close.  You didn't see MJ bailing on his team because he didn't want to carry the load.
Gogoberrymix6::I think you are projecting yourself on me.  Why do you continuously post too?
Gogoberrymix6::Two totally different players, but their value is similar
Rossi46Doctor::Creepy, dude. Just creepy. You have serious emotional problems.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Many heat fans compare Lebron James to MJ. that is all
Gogoberrymix6::MJ never played for the Heat........?
Gogoberrymix6::Well I won this debate,,,Bulls fans have resorted to immaturity like usual
CHITOWNBULLS1991::the only one being immature is you. now go
CHITOWNBULLS1991::You have been here for 6 hours straight, don't you have anything better to do?
Rossi46Doctor::Again, flagged.
Gogoberrymix6::If the Bulls have Rose, there is no excuse......0-5 against the Heat in the last 5.  Know your role Bulls fans, your team is inferior to the Heat, and that's nothing to be ashamed of
Rossi46Doctor::Flagged, troll
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Can't count the regular season loss this year, and not because Rose was out. Wasn't it Heat fans who said that the regular season means nothing last year?
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Alright, I'm done arguing with you. You know nothing and are a complete troll. now gtfo the bulls boards
Space Bulls::Dude you really need a life I am shocked that a person could stoop so low.
Gogoberrymix6::why would you be here if it was meaningless.  Putting words in my mouth doesn't help your case
Rossi46Doctor::Don't even bother, he's a trolling automaton... and they're boring as hell on top of it
Rossi46Doctor::Again, take your creepy $@% over to the Heat board, or go to bed. You keep repeating yourself. We get it. Goodnight.
Rossi46Doctor::Referring to you, not your picture. It's Adam Morrison, we get it. Go away.
Gogoberrymix6::If you're referring to my picture, that is Adam Morrison.  Watch basketball ever?
Rossi46Doctor::Funny, I just checked the Heat boards and no posts there by Heatster, Gogoberry, Oxfordian Theory, or brandonlee561heat. Guess they actually are Bulls fans, since they hang out on our boards all day and night. We should pitch in and get them some Bulls jerseys and maybe a Rose MVP replica trophy so they can feel like they're a part of our crew
Space Bulls::Heat could only beat the Dengless and Watsonless Bulls by 4... next game Deng will contain Lebron and the Bulls will win.
Rossi46Doctor::Bulls fans: Gogoberry, Oxfordian Theory, and Heatster are all VERY sick, lonely, and depressed individuals whose only "fun" in life is to come here and repeat useless information in an attempt to get you to engage in an antagonistic dialogue with them. Don't fall for it.
Space Bulls::U don't gotta tell me twice.
Space Bulls::Yeah really good logic, injuries are no excuse right?  Hell the Colts should have made the Super Bowl this year.
Gogoberrymix6::Just  a reminder: The Bulls have are 25th in SOS (can only get worse after New Jersey) .  Once the schedule evens out they will be sitting in the 2-4 seed range.  Pretty soon they will start to play good teams again, and we know they are struggling against them
TheWalrusnow::i do agree the bulls schedule has been weak, but they have been able to beat teams they should, unlike the heat who have lost twice to the bucks, the thunder that have lost to the wizards and have also lost consistently to good teams as well (mavs, clippers, etc.).
Rossi46Doctor::CREEP FREAK WEIRDO
TheWalrusnow::the bulls have had a fairly easy schedule. they have also been the most injured team in the league. they have beat some good teams: magic, lakers, clippers, quickly come to mind. close final minute losses to heat and pacers.
Rossi46Doctor::He's here to troll. Period.
Space Bulls::You have a tight v.agina gogoberry.
TheWalrusnow::if he has an actual argument it is fine. the argument that the bulls arent that great due to their easy schedule isnt that terrible of an argument. he just is unreasonable about everything else.
Rossi46Doctor::Dude, don't feed this troll.
TheWalrusnow::they are deep. but do you expect the bulls to win every game when they have deng, rip, rose, gibson, and watson all miss significant time? it is not like the bulls are the best team ever. and the bulls have remained the best team (record) during that time. no other team has been even close to as injured as the bulls and remained relevant. simply disregarding this is ridiculous. the bulls also lost against the pacers, heat, and sixers without a healthy deng, and the pacers and sixers without a healthy deng and rip (two starters). gibson i believe was also hurt against the pacers. forcing scalabrine, a player that should not even be on a team, to play significant minutes.
Rossi46Doctor::Go to bed, CREEPY stalker.
Gogoberrymix6::come on.. I thought you guys were DEEP?
10 10 10 20s and them 50s::Gogoberry needs to get laid, what a miserable existence.
Rossi46Doctor::Weird and creepy
Gogoberrymix6::You guys should be fine...just keep beating the bottom dwellers.  That will be helpful in the playoffs :)
WhiteSoxFan12389::and we don't control the schedule, they are made by teh league. Its not like the bulls said lets play all teh crap and neglect anyone good, no it just turned out that we have a weaker schedule at th the start of teh season
Rossi46Doctor::Dude, how often do you stay on these boards? The game ended hours ago... Are you on the west coast?
Rossi46Doctor::PS - please come up with some new material. The whole "Bulls played 5 teams with +.500 records and lost by 15+ to three of them blah blah blah" dude, we don't care. We really don't. Get some professional help.
Rossi46Doctor::It's actually creepy, how dedicated you are to stalking Bulls fans.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::At least we can beat the bottom dwellers :) How are the Bucks doing? ^^
1bullsbears6::yea and u guys should be fine if u play the bucks in the first round
1bullsbears6::to go go berry yea they put every ounce of there injury prone team on the line...and remember miami beat the bulls by 4 without deng and hamilton had a terrible shooting performance...and the only reason i bring that second point up is cuz all the heat fans were makin excuses last year wen bosh had that horrible shooting performance in a reg season game
1bullsbears6::and another thing the bulls have a winning record against .500+ teams this year...and thats impressive with all the injuries they have had
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Heat trolls don't know how to comprehend logical arguments. It is not their fault though.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::I agree 100 %
1bullsbears6::yea and i think they just look at TALENT and thats it...i mean wen i see rose play yea he still is one of most talented players in the league but hes special theres something about his game and he has a great demeanor...bulls fans are guna have a fun time over the next 10-12 years
CHITOWNBULLS1991::yeah i have no idea...they just like to talk trash even if they have no idea what they are talking about...like a bunch immature  kids honestly
1bullsbears6::but i still think the bulls will win this year as long as they stay healthy
1bullsbears6::no they really dont...and as i bulls fan i can say that the heat right now have the best team and that lebron is the best player in the league...but how can heat fans say that the bulls are a joke and rose is no better than calderon...its amazing
budzlp::KOBE&gt; rose
1bullsbears6::jordan&gt;kobe
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Gogoberrymix6::Guess what.  The Bulls have played 5 winning teams in their last 19 games and lost all 5 of those contests.  3 of the losses were by 15+ points.  Can someone explain this and tell me why this trend wont kill them in the playoffs?  And don't even say the word "injury" because the Bulls are supposedly deep right?
10 10 10 20s and them 50s::Wow amazing logic, so having good bench players just makes up for missing 2 of the top scorers and defenders on the team... geez you are messed up in the head.
Rossi46Doctor::OMG you post the SAME thing every single day... What time is it where you are? How late do you stay up trolling Bulls boards? It's really a sick, pathetic obsession for you, yes?
Gogoberrymix6::Thank you for admitting the Heat are better, impressive.  And losing to highly inferior teams is just a sing of complacency.  The Bulls put every ounce on the line, and that just isn't enough against the better teams.  Kinda sad actually
CHITOWNBULLS1991::putting every ounce into the game is sad? Maybe to Miami Heat fans who know nothing about basketball it is...
dabulls2012::Is it somehow better to lose to lousy teams?  Come on @Gogo...Heat 0-2 vs. a TERRIBLE Bucks team...shows ZERO heart...how do you not come out for revenge after losing the first time?  And @1bullsbears6 has a legit point which I assume is why you didn't reply...all we heard last year was about Haslem and Miller...now when Bulls fans point to missing Derrick, Rip, Deng and CJ for extended time, injuries all of a sudden shouldn't be a factor...
1bullsbears6::haha
dabulls2012::My bad I guess...
1bullsbears6::he never responds to logic
1bullsbears6::yea ur right...and yes the bulls are deep but we werent missing kyle korver like u guys were missing mike miller and all u did was complain...we missed key players including deng and hamilton for a while we didnt have rose...and cj was also hurt...im not makin excuses but the way the bulls play is they play as a TEAM...and having 2 starters out for so long is guna hurt them...y dont we wait till the bulls are healthy before u talk $@%! about them...and the bulls already proved themselves last yr havin the best record in the league and makin it to the ecf which makes them top 4 team in the nba...and right now i think they are the second best team in the nba...i still think miami is better right now but that could change come playoff time
FranklinStrut::Best record in the NBA.
dabulls2012::Most wins, but Thunder have better winning percentage after refs handed them game in Portland tonight on a HORRIFIC goal-tending call which was made by the ref furthest away from the play...gotta love the NBA where the refs are infallible unless they're caught gambling...
Lpnumber01::I love Rose but this is Dengs team.
dabulls2012::Ya, I love Glue-ol Deng, but this is totally Derrick's team...heck, just ask Luol!  Cool thing is that it doesn't even matter...both guys work very well together.
chicagofan68::deng may be incredibly valuable, especially over his replacements, but this is squarely rose's team.
NBA_refs_are_weak::watson always puts up these kinds of numbers when he gets the minutes over rose. everytime I watch rose and westbrook play I feel like the team would benefit alot more if you moved them to the 2, and bring in another PG. they both can pass pretty well, but theres a difference between being able to pass and running an offense. raymond felton doesnt have a mind blowing passing ability but hes a great floor leader. billups was the same way. steve nash is great at both thats why hes so nasty. I feel if westbrook and especially rose were to play the 2 they would be alot more free to just be an athlete and all over the court rather than having them try to set up the offense
juar::it sure seems like they can pick up the slack if  rose is out,  but they struggled more without luol deng.  i guess miami and philly were two of the games deng was out, tho'.
dabulls2012::Yes, your last statement is the key...yes, the Bulls can beat the weak Wizards, Nets, etc. without Derrick but need all their guns for the top tier teams.
Oxfordian Theory::Watson ran the team better than Rose does.  50% shooting, 11 assists, 14 points, only 2 turnovers.  Perfect.
dabulls2012::HORRIBLE opponent...HORRIBLE!  How quickly people forget Derrick's stat line in Milwaukee...26 points, 13 dimes, along with 7 boards and ZERO turnovers.
Chi_Town_Sports 1085::WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?! The Bulls put up 108, and Rose only had 4? AMAZING!!!
Maverick Man 3::experienced sports handicapper.  got 4 money picks for tomorrow!!!!!  if interested let me know! bakkerwillson@gmail.com
