dog_has_fleas::I pray surasosa comes on here and tells us all how the Kings would have won if Jimmer played all 48 minutes, I wish he would.
Rip City Forever::Heres a fun fact for all you blazer fans:     There are only 19 franchises "that can say they have" won atleast one championship. But there are only 14 teams who can say they've won a championship in the city they are still in. And portland is one of them baby RIP CITY FOREVER!
Damian19867::Holy crap, that's good. That has to be the most apathetic video commentary I've ever heard.
Gditty22::Cousins want to get traded...so punish him....make him stay with the Kings.
razzledazzletj81::Trade him to the Bobcats or Pistons
dog_has_fleas::When did he say he wanted a trade?
inityminiwur::How Keith Smart got a head coaching job is a head-scratcher. Cousins is just pointing out this obvious fact.
Strobes503::Cousins is a cancer, if you don't see that you don't know people or team sports.
SDowler1::The Kings need to cut this thug and tell him to go see how much the Park League pays !
VikingLightning::Hickson for MIP?
127decibels::If he keeps going, Hickson for MVP.  Thanks Sacramento! Who else is on your roster...HMMMMM, lessee.
Kobelies247::But hey, Blazers looked good tonight! :)
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
4meriden4::Meanwhile, Kemba Walker ranks among the top 5% of NBA scorers.
dog_has_fleas::Scoring in the league across the board is down. All of ten guys average 20 points a game right now. 12 last year, 19 before that and 16 the year before that, 20 in 08-09. The forming of the super teams is going to kill the volume of high scorers in the league I think. Even guys in the high 19 averages will continue to decrease. 08-09, 23 players; 09-10, 19 player; 10-11, 19 again; 11-12, 13 and this year 11.
razzledazzletj81::We won't know for sure until he gets out of this situation
Markiemormon::I'm a Jimmer fan but two years of mediocre is wearing thin on me.  He'll be selling cars in Provo next year I think.
Markiemormon::Lick me rydogdoo... In BYUian scoring seven points in garbage time must make you a super star... who knew.
TheRydog3::Markiemormon...... you are so dumb.... He has been well above mediocre this year. You just don't understand basketball at all. My hell you're an idiot...
DeMarcus Cousins Fan::Either fire Smart or trade DeMarcus...sitting out your best player when he's available makes a lot of sense...
Strobes503::continuing to hire and fire coaches isn't the smartest thing either is it? I mean, how many years of NBA coaching/assistant coaching do Paul Westpaul and Smart have put together?  You are telling me that you keep firing coaches until one "MAGICALLY" pops up and fixes the guy?
Markiemormon::He is busy fighting with, pic-a-name, he can't come out and play tonight.
MortiesRalphers::Who does Damien Lillard remind you all of?  A young Deron Williams perhaps? or Kyrie Irving?
TheRydog3::How the hell does he remind you of D-Will? Lillard weighs about half, and their styles are super different.
larsondjs76::Damian Lillard reminds me of Damian Lillard
razzledazzletj81::He'll be better than both of them in the future
dog_has_fleas::This isn't a biased statement if I have ever heard one.  -says no one
Markiemormon::Himself, he's a darned good player, I sure wish the Kings had him.  We'll trade Jimmer for him.
MortiesRalphers::Somebody must've gotten coal for Christmas.  SCRUGE!!
Kobelies247::Portland beats a crappy team and all the so called Blazer fans come out LOL
johnnyx2011::Sacramento should just kick the Kings out of town. The owners are doing nothing to better this organization and the players are getting frustrated as well.
MortiesRalphers::Send them to Seattle PLEASE!!!
MortiesRalphers::Seattle has three guys in place to be the next owners of an NBA franchise if a team makes a move up north.
Markiemormon::The only way you get them is with the Maloof's and I wouldn't wish them on your city.
The Real Andre Herring::Smart should just shake up the lineup and try new things. There is no playoff hunt on this team. He should try a small lineup with Thomas Robinson at center. He should also let Robinson work on that post up game, in game. But no Smart is too senile to do logical things.
razzledazzletj81::Yes, no starter on a bottom dweller should be safe.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn all
days891::Jiimmer had a career night in assists and steals
TheRydog3::really? Do you even watch?? Are we watching the same game here??
dwyane_wade_has_the__herpes::Heat talking about trading lebron and bosh and two first rounders to sac for jimmer.. could you imagine a jimmer and herpeswade back court.. that would be sick!!
ChargersFan4Life001::seems fair
Markiemormon::7 Points in 20 minute of garbage time. I'm waiting Jimmer!
calvintheidiot::put isaiah and jimmer in honestly...
ChargersFan4Life001::they should start
angelrod1977_banned2::In where?
LaMarcus Aldridge::Kobelies247's posts disappeared...
hog541::That guy has been getting on my nerves ever since i started checking out these conversations. He lives in Portland and goes to blazers games and cheers against them. It make me sick.
Kobelies247::127 go back to your Oregonlive trash!
ClydeTheGlide_22::about time
127decibels::Let's take a vote. Bet most of us think Kobelies name is pathetic.
Kobelies247::No im here and your name is pathetic...
ChargersFan4Life001::so is kobelies a clipper fan?
ClydeTheGlide_22::he lives in portland, hates the blazers for some reason, and jumped on the clipper bandwagon last year.
ChargersFan4Life001::pathetic bandwagon fan
Noah Trojan::Flint  Tropics &gt; Sacramento Kings
ChargersFan4Life001::LA &gt; BG Cliff Paul &gt; Chris Paul
days891::Based on today's game I would have to say that Jimmer was the best defender on the court
Brick Griffin::Fun fact:  If you flag someone 7 times, they'll be banned. So start flagging Kobelies247, folks!
ClydeTheGlide_22::Clippers fan since 2011 .... aka Kobelies247
Brick Griffin::LA Clippers fan base:  established in 2011.
hog541::LOL...I love that Brick!
TheRydog3::I've always preferred the Clippers to the Lakers... and the Mavs... and quite a few others to be completely honest with you. Just never been a favorite
nargash::I froze outside today cuz I was shoveling the snow off my car. My godness..!!
Brick Griffin::There are more LA Kings banners in the Staples Center than there are Clippers banners.  FACT
Kobelies247::Laker fan ? LOL
Brick Griffin::Lakers?  Hell no, but LA is run by them, though!
Kobelies247::Clips #1 Blazers not even in the playoff picture!   Fact
Rip City Forever::U r my bi-tch now. I own you
WestCoastSuperiority::Clips vs Blazers round 1 if the playoffs started today.
Kobelies247::Portland 0-4!  Have fun with that..
nargash::#FreeMidgetThomas
dwyane_wade_has_the__herpes::free jimmer
Brick Griffin::I don't see any Clippers banners in the Staples Center...
days891::Even though i don't like the Jimmer, I don't think his teammates like him either because they never pass him the ball.  The kings coaching staff is just awful
ChargersFan4Life001::kobelies doesnt seem like a blazer fan
hog541::He is not.
Brick Griffin::<b></b>
Kobelies247::Wasnt he ROY? LOL!
Brick Griffin::Los Angeles Clippers trophy case:  ... *crickets*
surasosa::RainingDimes Fredette is an average shooter that has below average defense. He looks over matched on the court and seems lost half the time. .  .no hell he doesnt... ur plagerizing what u hear last year... shut up.... he is scoring like crazy... 2 steals again tonight.... he shares the ball.. and ave shooters dont shoot 47% in the nba,,, 40 from deep... and lead the league in ft
TheRydog3::http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=Jimmer+Fredette+vs+San+Diego+State+43&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;ved=0CDAQtwIwAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DKUqYJnBvW6Q&amp;ei=jWzcUKerKeKrigKE-oCABA&amp;usg=AFQjCNFp7NnrjD0HEjJjNW6QHQhUHTMgVA&amp;bvm=bv.1355534169,d.cGE
surasosa::in case u missed it
nargash::I didn't know Blazers fans get Chalupa if the team scores 100..!!
ThinYellowLine::Been doing it for years.
back off bro::thats awesome
back off bro::lillard was 2 rebounds off from a triple double. is there any debate on who wins roy?
TheRydog3::I think Brandon Roy loses....
Hunt0123::At this point it is a clear decision but the season is only 1/3 completed. There is still a lot of time and he needs to stay healthy.
redevelopmentguy::How come whenever Keith Smart talks I end up more confused and disoriented about the Kings then before he opened his mouth?
redevelopmentguy::I have a major headache after hearing all that rubbish  :)
ChargersFan4Life001::I gave up on the interviews
ChargersFan4Life001::that always happens
Brick Griffin::<b></b>
back off bro::your overrated
Kobelies247::You're
ChargersFan4Life001::Next game is vs the knicks, 9-20 coming
TravisG878::im happy, won a $200 2-game parlay on portland and the over for the whole game. got screwed with the  4 missed freethrows at the end but the idiot on portland shooting the ball instead of running out the clock justified it.
calvintheidiot::Common let's at least get some rhythm going for next game
nargash::Brooks is a scrub. Midget Isaiah Thomas outplays him every game and yet, KEITH DUMB starts Brooks and they get blown out. Stop it. STOP IT..!!
WestCoastSuperiority::Clippers lost to the Cavs
Buezejones::Lillard is consistent and good.
The Real Andre Herring::Sacremento needs to do all their rookies/young players a favor and amnesty them ALL. I'm serious. It's not fair for all this talent to be wasted. Honestly they remind me so much of the Wizards. The talent is there but the organization just can't get it together.
redevelopmentguy::You need to do us all a favor and learn how to spell SACRAMENTO correctly.
ChargersFan4Life001::Good thing: Lakers lost and are back under .500
Kobelies247::I dont like them much either
hog541::No one likes you.
Kobelies247::Why? Thats not going to matter to Portland!
ChargersFan4Life001::Did I say it did? I just hate the lakers and love to see them lose
redevelopmentguy::Just saw a Kings commercial on tv.  In the commercial they say "The excitement is back in Sacramento".  Is that grounds for false advertising?
redevelopmentguy::SDSU will be there deep in the tourney this year.  No doubt abouit it.
redevelopmentguy::Indeed it is.   BTW, great game with Arizona and San Diego State last night.  The Aztecs are one heck of a team.  We could have easily lost to you guys.
ChargersFan4Life001:::( Really good game, but a tough loss. Johnson made an amazing block
200175716::Well you see, they lost in the road, so now their coming back home... But I mean you could sue and get some money.
ChargersFan4Life001::Magoofs fault
