UKfan7180::Blazers suck. Nate needs to go. But Paul Allen wont let that happen because he doesn't want to actually have to pay for a decent coach
michiganwolverine777::Heck ya go Clippers
Calioyo::unfulfilled potential, check. poor player management, check.  inability to coach after halftime and in close games, check.  multiple injuries, check.  can't get past the first round, check.  giving up an 18 point lead at the Rose Garden check.  TIME TO GO COACH.
natesweet72::I finally agree. Maybe all he needed to do to help the Blazers get a win last night was to play some of the fresh young players who were keeping the bench warm. Hard to imagine them shooting any worse than what the Blazers accomplished yesterday. No point in drafting players or acquiring young FA if you are not going to play them. I think nolan Smith and Williams should both be getting much increased minutes right now to see if there is an answer to what to do when the blazers starters are gassed. Pretty clear that mixing in the young guys more liberally will give the older guys a bit more oomph in the third game in three days.
Calioyo::FIRE McMillan!  terrible coach!
Calioyo::so can the Blazers FIRE the coach now?  dude is awful.
91Gmoney9009::Clippers last starting All-Star. 1977-1978...smh
91Gmoney9009::Thats back when they were the San Diego Clippers
mark35345::The Trail Blazers are saving themselves for the playoffs where they pray they play the Lakers. That's the only team they can beat. Keep praying...
UKfan7180::we wont even get in the playoffs with Nate as the coach
straightouttaTROY::It was an ugly game for both teams.  The players looked exhausted.
RyanCarranza::Blake Griffin really played well... Good job Clippers
cowpoke85::Is it just me or has Raymond Felton become progressively worse throughout the season... How terrible was he last night... 0 Points on 0/7 shooting, 2 assists, 5 turnovers. I had a lot of confidence he would get the job done when he was showing signs of being a good fit at the beginning, but he is working his way out of the lineup and maybe off of the team...
JasoninCalabasas::Crawfords stupid ball hog rushed shot last two possessions cost Portland the game last night.
straightouttaTROY::Crawford carried them.
RonnieLott424242::Whaaa! CP3 cost Portland the game. If it wasn't for Crawford, they wouldn't have even been in the game.
griswald700::NBA games will be worse for the most part this yr. too many games in to short of a time will cause worn out players and poorer offensive outputs. There should have been a 55-60 game sch. this year. Owners &amp;players both too greedy.
jared575757::hey clipshow07, its funny your account was made right after the chris paul trade
straightouttaTROY::It's quite a show.  There's always room on the bandwagon.
Clipshow07::It's even funnier that you would be as ignorant to assume that just because I started a lame ESPN profile account to converse with donkeys like you, that's when I started to be a fan. So what you are telling me is that everyone's loyalty and becoming a fan starts with the date they opened an espn profile account. Do you realize how much of a donkey you are to assume that??? I've had season tickets since 2005. Thanks.
Clipshow07::This is coming from someone who also just made their account in December 2011 - that is really funny according to your barney buddy jared. And are you seriously proud of claiming you are from Calabasas??? HAAAAAAAAAA!!!
JasoninCalabasas::No you haven't and stop lying to strangers you wierdo.
moluvmoe1::Im so proud of the Clippers I dont know what to do with myself!!
RyanCarranza::Jerk it
Mattyhans_::LIN&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;PAUL
JasoninCalabasas::Anyone who would take Lin over CP3 is a complete moron.
vibes93::No
91Gmoney9009::True
91Gmoney9009::One of the worst NBA games I've seen all year....All that hype about CP3, and its not even his team. Griffin leads that team, Cp3 went from superstar to role player
eaglefred48::How about the 20+ point beating the Hawks took by the Heat and the Spurs...I'd call that one of the worse games of the year too.  The Hawks just gave up....
91Gmoney9009::And LaMarcus Aldridge played that game
91Gmoney9009::The fact that you just compared the Heat and Spurs to the Trailblazers is enough for me to make no further comments on this. BTW, we beat Portland by 3 points as well, but we scored 92 points in doing so!
91Gmoney9009::Lowest scoring game since the shot clock era= 62-57, a whopping 12 less than last nights game...26 if you compare final scores
eaglefred48::@91Gmoney9009.....really bud worse game of the year. Interesting from an Atlanta Hawk fan whose team seems to lay an egg everytime they are behind in a game.....
91Gmoney9009::ok lol, sorry for speaking the truth
Clipshow07::Wow, you are a hating clown.
91Gmoney9009::74-71, yes I would qualify that as the worst game of the year.
tmohr48::Good game Clippers! Am I jealous of the Clippers current rise in the league? Hello, this is good for L.A. and the NBA in general.  Jeremy Lin is another feel good story....  Wouldn't that be something.... Clippers playing the Knicks for the NBA Finals...
Who_Through_Pooh::Kincks and Clippers in the finals is a little delusional don't you think?
natesweet72::Tmohr is always very respectful to every team.
Clipshow07::Wow, there is actually one Laker fan who can be happy for the Clips and doesn't have to act like a little insecure baby.
Clipshow07::CP3 arguably the most clutch 4th quarter player in league right now. Nobody is winning games like him in the 4th. The Clips have now broken 4 or 5 streaks on the road against very good teams. This is a new Clipper era. No, we aren't claiming we've won a championship, but clearly after yet anther gritty road win and streak busting game last night, the Clips are a force. BRING ON THE SCARED, INSECURE JEALOUS HATERS!!!!!
jared575757::haha all the new clipper fans are funny
bojo87::Doesnt help that the blazers go from passing the ball and getting great looking shots in the first half, to trying to run and iso-offense in the second and laying a huge egg... I feel like iso is more energy draining then the passing offense, because players kind of rest and lose the adrenaline, and then one player is running around getting even more tired.
natesweet72::and then there is Felton who makes me want to slap him on a regular basis.
natesweet72::It was a good tough win, but remember the Blazers had no Aldridge. This Blazers team is not the same without him. I was surprised the Blazers came out with as much energy as they did and kept it a game until the end. It was clear early in the third that the Blazers were fading fast. If you ask me the big difference in that game was the schedule over the previous days. THe Clips had one extra day of rest in playing three games in four days while the Blazers had to play three in three days. The Clips were able to muster up just a bit more juice at the end of the game.
Clipshow07::Of course, no Aldridge is a huge difference. I was also surprised the energy the Blazers had coming out. They were getting easy scores all over the place. The Clipper defense has really been jeckyll and hyde but the sign of a good team is when the defense can make adjustments and play better in the second half, which is what the Clips  have been doing lately.
jairushawkins::Chris Paul is the Best Decision maker in the NBA.
JasoninCalabasas::Then why didn't he call a time out with 4 seconds left against Dallas???? That was not that great of a decision.
anonymous_sports_watcher::he should decide to put the donut down
Clipshow07::I'd sure like to eat as many donuts as him and dominate as much as he does. I think he should eat more donuts....you f ing donkey!!
Moto Jones::Matthews played GREAT D on paul down the stretch.they should of kept him on paul  Good comeback by the clippers
boctorboda3::Wow what an epic choke job by Portland
natesweet72::Is it really surprising that Portland without Aldridge was not able to win at the end of 3 games in three days? Nope. It is not really that epic of a choke. Sure they were up by 18 earlier but I could tell they were not going to have enough gas halfway through the third. People love to hate on Portland for some reason. There is nothing surprising or epic about that loss. This team has been in a shambles for weeks. Epic choke would be a team that has been playing good ball and managed to throw away a win they should have kept. This, this was just another easy to explain Portland loss.
impossibilium29::I'm not a Clippers fan, but it is great to see them playing well and being a factor in the West.
REDUCE523::Why are there lakers fans here your team didnt play??? And real fans are lakers fans right?? They are all Kobe fans soon as this team goes through hard times they will all jump on the next bandwagon.
tunatonyridesagain::HOW MANY CLIPPER "FANS" HERE ARE 110% BANDWAGON?  C'MON, YOU KNOW WHO YOU POSERS ARE....  GIVE IT UPP!
tunatonyridesagain::dwight howard....SOON TO BE AN...  LOS ANGELES LAKER.  A MEMBER OF THE RING DYNASTY  YEAH BABY YEAHH ! ! !
legacyreaper32::Portland just can't get a break against LA.  If it's not the Lakers beating them, it's the Clippers.
KiNgJr4ReAl::Its offical JR Smith is a New York Knick dont cry clipper band wagoners
JasoninCalabasas::When was JR Smith worth getting worried about?????
ustna::Not crying and not official....yet
ustna::I love that Laker fans feel the need to come to a Clipper game board to get noticed. LMAO
JasoninCalabasas::Go Kobe!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Where are all the jealous laker fanboy Clipper haters
Giggity.iggity::I'll say this again, Chris Paul looks fat and out of shape.   He's gonna need to lay off the doughnuts.
Birdmann._.::Can someone explain to me how the clippers won?  The stat sheet for both teams is horrible
vdawg77::Midniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight!
b0xhead69::Chris Paul is ridiculously good.....   Clipper fans should rejoice in their good fortune.
rockiesfan89::will he start over d-rose in the olympics. i would but will coach k?
lovesports3409::No.
workman47::I think he will, being a returning Olympian and more of a pure point and all.
Iamtheone0594::You would think that the highest paid team would be in a better place than 5th in their conference.  Not even a home court advantage going into the playoffs.
Birdmann._.::hater playing the clippers in the first roudn/second round/wcf is home court advantage
kunalrel::LOL WELCOME TO MY HOUSE PARTY
kunalrel::LOB CITY&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;RIP CITYY
ryanvdonk::you do realize their best player was out right? the one who would have gone head to head with blakey
afronius7::To put blame on the coach is plain stupidity. The Blazers ran out to an 18 point lead and then got conservative and didn't move the ball. Lacking a decent point guard is what is holding the Blazers back right now. Look at the Knicks and what Jeremy Lin has done to turn the Knicks around. All they were missing was a point guard. The Blazers haven't had a good point guard since Damon Stoudamire. The bad luck of the Blazers isn't due to bad coaching, injuries, or bad play, it's the point guard issue. Fix it soon, go out and get Aaron Brooks.
kunalrel::b rOY??? Wait NVM..lol garbage $@% blazers
LAfanforlife805::game a side. looking at the blazers roster. dont understand how there this bad. they have 3 good starters  a big 6th man and 2 good center for d
LAfanforlife805::well your guys need to wake up. because i would love to have alot of your guys on my Lakers. i cant stand seeing artest have bad shooting nights and avg defense
PacTenJunkie::I agree. The Lakers can obviously contend with what they have, but another key player would make things a LOT easier. They won't get past Dallas or OKC with that lineup (in my opinion) but Kobe goes rage in the playoffs, so you never know.  A guy like Batum would take LA to the next level. Can you imagine? Unfortunately, Metta has ZERO stock in a trade at this point in the season.
LAfanforlife805::yes it that dumb name. well kobe needs help he cant do it on his own. he need a SF who can shoot and a PG who can handle the ball and play d
PacTenJunkie::Haha then don't complain about Artest. The Blazers are much worse off. Raymond Felton can't even score a point. Artest may be building brick houses from beyond the arc, but you have Kobe to close and probably the best inside game in the NBA with Bynum and Gasol.  I didn't even mention Fisher and Blake as floor leaders. Oh yeah and it's World Peace right? ;)
LAfanforlife805::nooo
PacTenJunkie::I would love to have two all-star posts and one of the league's top 5 players. You can have Batum and Wallace... we'll take Bryant. Sound fair?
PacTenJunkie::3rd game of a back to back to back. No Lamarcus Aldridge. Raymond Felton is a joke.
rwynhausen::Yeah...and the joke's on us...
rockiesfan89::horrible coach for starters
D-SHA2811::he can let berine bickerstaff start taking over tha trailblazers need to switch coaches and tha answered berine bickerstaff hes a madd mind
PacTenJunkie::Our coach is fine. It's our players. There is nothing Nate can do when your go to guys are playing like 4th graders.
LAfanforlife805::man clippers are really missing billups
Black.Mamba24::Whos Lebron?
South Central Los Angeles.::LOS ANGELES LAKERS 2012 NBA CHAMPIONS
tunatonyridesagain::trade deadline is March 15th...gonna need D. Howard on the LAKE SHOW BABY !  MO RINGZ FO DA' MAMBA !
kunalrel::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
South Central Los Angeles.::come on hill billy we all know whos carrying the crack pipe
rwynhausen::Why yes, we do...
rwynhausen::Put down the torch and step away from the crack pipe!!!
rwynhausen::Get Steve Nash, stat!
KingGeorge53::Whoa!   What happened in the 4th Q.   Did LeBron join the Blazers?
PacTenJunkie::Raymond Felton... talk about a trade bust. Get this guy out of the starting lineup and play Nolan Smith more. Maybe that will fire up Felton and who knows... we could have a Jeremy Lin sitting on the bench in Smith. His year by year improvement at Duke was ridiculous. Four years under Krzyzewski.  Nolan Smith at Duke. Freshman: 5.9 ppg, 1.3 apg Sophomore: 8.4 ppg, 1.7 apg Junior: 17.4 ppg, 3.0 apg Senior: 20.6 ppg, 5.1 apg
PacTenJunkie::Yeah, but they have Lawson. He's a proven guy. I just think Smith deserves a chance to show himself. Blazer fans including myself have had enough of Felton. No penetration, bad shot selection, turning the ball over, not getting anyone else involved.
LAfanforlife805::i know how you feel im like that with with fisher. i love the dude but he should be a bench player not a starter
PacTenJunkie::At this point, there's no risk. There is no way Smith can be any worse than Felton at this juncture.
LAfanforlife805::well sometimes you have to take risk
LAfanforlife805::well look how that work out for the nuggest, when they did that with miller. now he not that bad of a bench player
Johnson95135::Sucks that this is the board under the Clippers game and everyone is talking about the Lakers.  Yeah they should really be worried about the Clippers taking over the town.  lmao  Good night the two dallas fans!  I am sure I will see you in future trash talk!
LAfanforlife805::blazer everything will be fine with you guys. you dont need to make any crazy trades to get vets and avg bench players . you just need to make like one trade and that for a PG
Ultras South::Chapter 2: Are you studying yet? Stapler Center- Free Throw City (Reference to LA more so the Lakers)- Horry Effect (They wouldn't have won those titles in the early 2000's without him, ok maybe with SOME help from the refs :)) "I love shooting when double teamed!" (do I really have to explain this?)- Phantom call City- "PASS TO KOBE"- Gilbert "The Washington Bullet" Arenas (Your key to rebuilding.......REALLY?!?!?!)  Study hard.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Derrick Williams and Gilbert Arenas is the next Big thing to come to LA   LMAO
Slim_Greaser_310::the cowboys? lmao
Go Laker Nation::stay tuned buddy
Go Laker Nation::It is a "interesting" season when the only thing that has saved the rest of the NBA from the Championship winning machine known as the Lakers is David Stern blocking an accepted trade.  Real sense of pride the top Western teams must have right about now  Oh well....one monkey don't stop the show....Lakers will be back on top soon enough....history shows it to be true
ustna::Laker fans are all History majors. Don't care much for current events.
1Realthing::Bitter much?
kezmicdust::Now &gt; history
