Mavsolute_Beast_41::This season has been tough for Aldridge as he and the Blazers wont make the playoffs, so nice to see him get a buzzer beater highlight out of it - Mavs fan
davidherlan::mavsolute you are the biggest idiot here. go look up the definition of contradiction and then talk. dude did not say anything of the sort.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::delusional fans like you and broyhol are...I hope you enjoyed another blowout loss against Bucks....How is dumb saying that Blazers are done and wont make the playoffs?? Everyone knows that f.cuktards
broyhofbound::As a Blazer fan I slightly don't want us to make the playoffs so we can grab some of these lottery picks from the draft and retool the team, but to say we won't make it when we aren't that far out is the dumbest thing I have heard all morning.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::you are contradicting yourself by saying yo're not sure if you want them to make the playoffs or not and yet that's the dumbest thing you have heard..lol...you guys are 4 games behind with 10 games to go....blazer season is over! over! got it? good, because as soon as you realize that, the better is for you.
RollThunder35::MavsNation was in the OKC board trashing OKC for losing to a pretty decent Pacers team (I didnt know either)  Just wanted to tell MavsNation and any other Mavs fans trashing OKC that they can eat a dikk and $@%! off!!!!!  hahahahaha!!!!!
Mavsolute_Beast_41::we lost the top seed..waaaaahhh...waaaaaahhh
Mavsolute_Beast_41::ah...how cute..
RollThunder35::no, just making fun of Mavs fans.
CowboyRidesAgain::I put this loss on the coach....all last year he snoozed during the 3rd qtr....would let teams get back in the game...as happened last night ...only difference is this team doesn't have the talent to over come that nonsense.
driveman01::Is Cuban growing a third chin or does TV add an extra chin?
thejoma::This game shows that if Felty is on, the Blazers can beat the best.  If not.......
hwsparks::Well, he's pretty good, but unfortunately, the Mavs can't be listed in the best category.  Last year, but definitely not this year.
Mike43635::SO i notice the Blazers will do something   that doesnt go noticed on  Sportscenter or other sites  that  maybe would be headlines  for others like the heat,  lakers,  LeBron,  Kobe, Blake,   but who cares  i dont mind if Portland or any of their players gets  alot of attention,    who cares, they dont need it.. they just play ball. ya they are having a rough year.. but oh well...  Sportscenters  top 10    had Durant with a one hand dunk over Hibbert, something he probably has done 100 times..   So i guess that was better then  Alridge hitting a game winner in overtime.. over Dallas in his home town .. whatever lol :)
The_Odenator52::Um, can you type that in English, please?
Antsea91::He was saying how out of the heat, lakers, lebron, kobe, and blake, the lakers get the least amount of attention from highlights and when they do get attention, it's only when they're being criticized. That's what I got from it.....
The_Odenator52::If it was in English, then why don't you interpret what exactly it is that he's saying? I've tried to read it multiple times and still don't get what he's saying. And what indication do you see from me that suggests my native "tounge" is Spanish? How ignorant. Oh and you might wanna look up a dictionary on how to spell "tounge." Oh wait, maybe that's part of YOUR native "tounge."
driveman01::That was English, should he try your native tounge of "Spanglish"?
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Ummmm Kobe and the Lakers are the least if those that get spot Espn sporlight. Trust when they do its more bais analysing if anything.
58rhodes::Way to go Blazers
lamriverside13::Bynum got ejected again!! this kid needs to drop his balls and GROW UP!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Can't fake wining Championships and I don't see other teams wining all thier games. And who would cares if Bynum was ejected on a board that is about the Blazers vs Mavs damn the Lakers are an above average team this year and they're still hated on. Atleast do it when they are well put togther. Hating on a team that is nowhere near the top of their $@% this year smdh Lmmfao.
127decibels::Better yet, the fakers lost at home.
driveman01::It's been said that you can't drop your balls while they're in your wife's purse!
long_dikked::portland sucks....losers stuck in the 70s
eazyt_971::Only 5 franchises have a better winning % than Portland all time. Lakers, Celtics, Spurs, Suns and Jazz. And we're not too far behind Utah. In fact we'll probably pass them at some point in the coming seasons as we strenghthen our roster and they will be forced to trade their best players like Jefferson due to salary cap reasons.
127decibels::Don't know why I even bother to answer someone so clearly delusional, but for the record, Portland has one of the better records in the NBA since 1976-1977. Only 6 times have they missed the playoffs, including several WCF, 3 NBA finals and 1 NBA championship. During that same period, they have a 1611-1227 record (not counting this year) or a .7616 winning percentage.  This year they lost their star, their coach and traded 40% of their starters for future draft picks and cap space and lost a young star for the season. Next year, they likely get 2 lottery picks and have roughly 20 million in cap space to sign free agents or create favored trades with. Last year they played the Mavs tougher than anyone. This year they've beaten both OKC and Dallas on the road, with this shell of a team. Back at full strength next year, and with 2-4 additional star caliber players, this team will shock the haters.  I suggest changing your screename to little_mind.
58rhodes::along with your parents?
eazyt_971::We need the N.J nets to keep winning games to ensure we get their pick. They currently have the 5th worst record in the NBA. Ideally I would like them to finish with the 6th or 7th worst record. Their odds of getting a top 3 pick then would be pretty slim if that happened.
driveman01::Reremember "y'all"......Portland was the only team to give Dallas 2 losses in last years playoff/championship run. Even with a make-shift &amp; depleted roster, the Blazers somehow find a way to beat the Mavs. It must drive Cuban crazy!!
long_dikked::tillamook cheese
driveman01::So Portland has the edge...................Mavs= 1 Championship, Blazers= 1 Championship + Great Tillamook Cheeeeeese!
lamriverside13::damnnn andrew bynum rejected again!!!!! this dude needs to GROW UP!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
dru4ever4::I found the out of bounds call at the end of OT as a plain indication that the refs are still on the take.  I can't believe that refs are able to blatantly make a bad call when the evidence was very clear from the video that the ball had gone off Marion.  Why have replay if we don't want to use it?  I think after the Tim Donaghy scandle, the NBA needs to come down hard on any referee that is still willing to intentionally try to determine the outcome of a game.  I am officially no  longer a NBA fan!!!  If that was a playoff game or they where playing the Lakers, that call would've never happened.  It makes me sick to my stomach and they need to have a committee that reviews these types of calls, so they can rid the league of referees that are on the take.
yalcos4::Cant win em all...
Bill Belicheat::Mavs aren't repeating.
oicurak9::way to go "champs".
cowpoke85::Stupid LA can't win the one time I root for them... still 3 1/2 back...
Kobelies247::FanofTexas28 where you at now son?
justinkm19::Dirk and Terry really gifted that one. There was absolutely no need to foul Felton with 3 seconds left at half court. Two bonehead plays by two veterans. Not to mention I thought Carlisle's subs were terrible tonight. Roddy was out there way too long in the 4th before he brought West in with 4 minutes left. Wright should have been in there instead of Haywood to close out as well, and in OT.
Kobelies247::Mavs got out classed!
CaptainKirkman::WHA HAPPENED? Dirk's lead pass to Matrix was about twenty feet too far. A rare screw-up. Now we've got Memphis tomorrow. On the road. After they whipped Miami in Miami. Yikes. Should've taken this one, but hats off to Lamarcus Aldridge. As soon as he had space, I think we all knew that shot was money. Regardless, GO MAVS! Get healthy for Pete's sake. I can't remember the last time we had a full roster with everyone at 100%.
driveman01::CapKirk...........you just jinxed 'em. When you ask for a healthy roster............you know what happens!!  Beam me up Scotty!
infamous122::i think LA is a poor mans tim duncan. they call him a PF but is really a C. tim guards centers and so does LA
broyhofbound::He is not a C at all. When I think of a Center I think of Hakeem, Ewing, Parrish, Shaq, Mutumbo those guys bodies are on the meatier side. Aldridge and Duncan have the height to guard and play the C position, but they are both relatively slim and have enough finesse to their game to be PF with the capability of play C from time to time.
127decibels::LMA isn't a poor man's anything. He's an NBA all star and regularly gets 30+12 whenever his team needs him to.
driveman01::LA brings his "big boy" lunch box every night!
CBass1317::exactly right
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::I'm liking JJ, he could be a part of the Blazers future. LMA, Batum, JJ, Matthews, Williams, 2 lottery picks. IDK about Felton and Crawford.
127decibels::So - all the Blazer haters are having a great time with Portland, not fully realizing that...  1. They lost Brandon Roy, their all star. 2. They finally said goodbye to Greg Oden, a former #1 pick who could have done some great things defensively if not forever injured. 3. Traded away 40% of their startes for future picks and cap space. 4. Lost an up and coming player with promise for the season. 5. Fired their coach midway through the season.  And even with all that adversity, this team is on the brink of making the playoffs. What is going to happen next year when:  1. Portland ends up with 2 lottery picks in a deep draft 2. They take part or most of that 20 million in cap space to bring in 1-2 quality FAs 3. Have a full season to work together and gel...  Portland is going to be a force for years to come.
Kobelies247::Give me a break L O L
driveman01::Your water will break soon honey..............keep up with the steady breathing :-)
cowpoke85::Portland is hard to hate I would think... Overcome so much year after year. Big underdog...
cowpoke85::He was talking about Elliott Williams
127decibels::Former first round pick and a player with a huge potential upside. He is seriously one of the best atheletes in the NBA and has a pretty decent shot too - shooting 50% from the floor. Deadly from outside (even though the vids don't show it here.) Check these out and keep in mind that this is a guard getting this high.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WYAozNmwWo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCLIGeH5ACQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZY5HmRV8oo&amp;feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZArBd_qYmv0&amp;feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgotFy4jWp0
infamous122::ok
GoDucks20089::He was a PG/SG mix who was coming together before he hurt his shoulder.
infamous122::really????? who the hell is that
infamous122::who is out for the season
cowpoke85::Hickson and LA need to start together and alternate rest times...
ddan22::Trail Blazers to the playoffs?!  Too early to tell, but you never know with this team.  They play the elite teams real tough, but seem to falter against team they should beat after notching up big wins.  Let's see what happens in the next couple of games.  Could be a make or break week coming up....
popitoff12::I think that the Spurs are going to be champs this year if they stay healthy.
JohnsonnnL::If you guys make the playoffs I hope you get the spurs in the 1st round so you can eliminate them.
oicurak9::yeah--cuz the Mavs couldn't get that job done.  spurs &gt; mavs.
cowpoke85::A win tomorrow and Monday will be huge!
I_want_mod_power::I'm loving the Hickson/LMA combo. This is the first time Aldridge has EVER played with someone like that to take the pressure off him. I also think this is the optimal situation for J.J. to actually live up to his potential. This season has been depressing, but i truly think things are looking up for this franchise. God knows we have to have to karma finally coming our way.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Hickson is the alternate universe version of LA. 12 and 21 make a nice tandem. JJ was rotting on the bench in SAC town, and now he's found his place on the court. Fingers crossed they keep the guy.
cowpoke85::They both are able to work off each other very well. JJ has to know he has found a great situation.
cowpoke85::Lakers getting it did... 2.5 could be a reality after tonight. Need a big win in Milwaukee tomorrow, then the Rockets come to town!
cowpoke85::Could have been 6 in a row if they would have pulled it out in LA, and the Jazz game...
seattlemarinersnumber1::We should kick a.s.s. against the Bucks for the let down in PDX. No let down for the Blazers after tonight. For the past 2 weeks, this has seemed like an entirely different team. Energized after the Nate era?
cowpoke85::They are a different team...
Thurmonaaaterrr41::Nall the Bucks are on a roll with Ellis...
cowpoke85::We need to bring back Hickson and Batum! Hickson, LA, and Batum to go with a top 6 draft pick and money for a big FA pickup... Future could be bright...
popitoff12::We wont be able to get a nice FA player like Deron Williams  if we sign Batum, Hickson and a top pick, that's a lot of money there to spend.
cowpoke85::True... I don't think we need a GREAT FA if we bring back those talents though...
GoDucks20089::Aldridge's contract is already pretty big. It's up there in Roy territory.
cowpoke85::Gotta remember Gallinari is kind of similar in talent and only about 10-12 a year...
cowpoke85::Batum will get big cotract, but nowhere near max... Thinking 12.5-15 a year
I_want_mod_power::Blazers' front office blew it not signing him to an extension. He'll get a max offer for sure this summer and Blazers will be forced to match it.
cowpoke85::Hickson and LA on the court at the same time is a force to be reckoned with...
natesweet72::Agreed. They need to work out a long term contract for Batum and bring hickson back. THey may be tempted to move Hickson if his value is up after the season but I think it makes more sense to keep him. Seems to be a stellar fit for the team so far.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Superb victory for Portland. Sense of vindication for this team. Maybe Felton isn't gone after all. Love the L-Train. There is no mistake, he is the leader of this team. Blazers playing for a spot!
127decibels::I'll say it again. I would LOVE to see Felton continue this play and prove everyone wrong. The better he plays, the better for Portland.
I_want_mod_power::Feltdown is gone. He's a stop-gap at best. He publicly stated he wants to be on the east coast and isn't happy out here. He's stepping up so he doesn't rot away on the wire.
seattlemarinersnumber1::I was just as skeptical as you guys. The Utah game was a heart breaker. And he's disappeared for a few games. Keep in mind that he (along with others) didn't click with Nate. With Caleb at the helm, this is a different team. Things are looking brighter on all fronts.
I_want_mod_power::Honestly, I think he's only saying that so he doesn't sound like a cancer. He also publicly stated where he lived incase fans and media "want to come see me" after the Jazz meltdown right before that.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Hard to find decent point guards. Nash will probably stay in PHX, and DWill was a no show at the Nets game the other night. Felton has sparked decent interplay between key members of this team, and it wouldn't surprise me if the Blazers think twice. Money talks, east coast or not.
natesweet72::Felton also publicly stated in the  last week that he wants to still play in Portland. The guy is waffling.
cowpoke85::Felton made up for the Utah mishap tonight...
pdxjr::Ray was underutilized/misused by Nate and it cost him his job and probably the Blazers season. Never was Ray's problem. Dude could always ball and it will be sad to see him leave after one year. Dude is an all-star caliber PG and has like a 2 to 1 ratio of plus/minus games. When he has been on the floor this year Blazers have played much better. Sad most fans and media have already made up their minds.
cowpoke85::Let's just finish strong and hope for the best... Playing the best ball we've seen in awhile...
GoDucks20089::Portland is going to kick itself for those 1-3 point games they lost. Those did us in.
GoDucks20089::That probably keeps us out of the playoffs. If we make it in then we're incredibly lucky.
cowpoke85::I believe we are 4-13 in close games after tonight... 4-9 when within 3-points...
cowpoke85::Only if we make the playoffs... Now is the time to hit stride... if there is enough time left...
natesweet72::He can't do enough before the end of the season to make up for how terrible he was through most of the first half.
127decibels::I'm probably in the minority, but I think he's already done that. Of course, I'm really quick to forgive. I'm more interested in seeing what he does from this point forward.
TubbyTime334::WTF Happened
Blazethemnuggets::That was huge! Refs lose
KyrieBro::THIS IS RANDOM BUT THUMBS UP IF YOU HATE MIAMI HEAT
cowpoke85::Sad to say, but I think I hate them more than the Lakers...
cowpoke85::I guess you're right...
127decibels::sacrelig..
KyrieBro::i JUST SAW THE PACERS BEAT OKC IS WAS AWESOME (I live in indiana)
I_want_mod_power::I hate OKC more. That city was handed a title contending team on a golden $@%!$@ platter. Every other fan in the NBA had to deal with hardship. Why the $@% do they deserve what they have?
127decibels::Yep.
I_want_mod_power::Seattle drafted Durant. He's the key to that team. As a Blazer fan, of course I'm jealous as f*** for not taking him over Oden. But Bennet robbed a city with history (Lenny Wilkins) and handed them to a redneck city that doesn't realize how lucky they are.
127decibels::Yeah, that too. But I still like how their management built the team up so quickly. It was genius. You have to admit that. It wasn't luck.
dnazarian1::cuz they know how to draft..dont hate..ima laker fan but still
I_want_mod_power::Seattle deserves that team, not OKC.
127decibels::I actually applaud them for the way they built their team. I just don't like Westbrook. What a moron.
I_want_mod_power::Blazers have TWO top 10-15 picks and a CRAP LOAD of cap space this summer. There's no excuse for this team not being contenders next year. Aldridge took a HUGE step with his Roy-like moment just now.
GoDucks20089::Aldridge has also repeatedly stated that in the summer he's going to be out recruiting guys to come here to play. The only thing Portland may need is a scoring PG/2 guard. With Hickson getting going now that he's arrived, I really like the way the team is going. I just wish they'd hire a competent GM.
127decibels::Of COURSE Allen says that. Do you believe him?
natesweet72::According to local radio they have met with or plan to meet with two potential buyers though. The rumor is not going away.
I_want_mod_power::They're looking at Donnie Walsh right now. Allen has adamantly stated he's not selling the team.
127decibels::Word is that Allen is looking to sell the team. If that's true, don't look for a GM unless the team is actually sold. Then it would happen right away.
127decibels::That was the highlight of the season so far.
127decibels::Yeah, that was a great game when Roy was in his prime.
I_want_mod_power::I haven't felt like this since Roy was in his prime.
GoDucks20089::Portland may get lucky with their schedule. San Antonio 2nd to last game of the year, likely rest their starters for the playoffs. Have Houston on Monday. Big games still left.
KyrieBro::I was a huge  duke fan but i just like Dallas alot and seeing them lose to all these bad teams is sad
127decibels::Plus they traded away 2 starters for future picks.  Who else in the NBA could do that and still beat the Mavs at their place?
GoDucks20089::lol wut? Portland isn't necessarily a bad team. They fired their coach mid season and have to get it together on the fly. Our star player had to retire because of injury. Portland is a good team that just hasn't reached its full potential.
KyrieBro::Well either way i just want portland to get killed by anyone they end up with.
GoDucks20089::Why? If Portland makes the playoffs, they're likely playing OKC or San Antonio.
127decibels::You say that but you haven't seen our secret weapon. We have Nolan Smith playing possum right now but he'll be putting up 30 and 10 in the playoffs. :)
GoDucks20089::Portland can't play Miami unless they made the finals so...
KyrieBro::I hope portland ends up playing miami in the first round of the playoffs.
zakerns::wrong divisions dumb dumb
127decibels::Yeah - that's gonna happen. Not even in the same conference.
KyrieBro::dALLAS SHOULDVE WON WHO AGREES?
KyrieBro::I just realized i did that.
natesweet72::As far as Dallas winning. Maybe they should have, but this Blazers squad has some unknowns right now and their chemistry with the new guys is not fully developed yet. Some nights they look damn good as they did tonight. Blazers are now 7-6 since McMillan got fired and I hope that is not just an illusion or luck. I like to think they have the potential to be good most nights if coached properly and the right players are on the floor at the right times.
natesweet72::I agree with the idea that your caps lock is all reversed.
Thurmonaaaterrr41::I cant believe this bum Raymond Felton put up Lebron numbers on us!! Smh...
127decibels::nate...I almost always agree with you but I have to disagree with you on this one. This is what he said when asked about criticism from some of the Blazer fans.  "Regardless of what they say about me, I don't care," Felton said, after putting up 14 points, 9 assists, 8 rebounds, 2 steals and 3 turnovers on 5-for-8 shooting. "Words don't break me. I stay right off Pearl District, in the Indigo, if you want to come see me."  I love that attitude and he has been backing up his words with strong play for the last 8-10 games. Tonight he was on fire.  I would LOVE to see Felton continue on this path and be the long term answer at PG. I'm not entirely sold on it yet, but I'd sure love it if he did. And I think he gets a much worse rap than he deserves.
127decibels::Fair enough Nate. But I'm willing to give the guy a chance to continue this level of play...not like it's my choice or anything.
natesweet72::I want the attitude, but Felton needs to be more careful with his words. And attitude is worthless when it can not be consistently backed up. In my mind, Felton does not deserve to have attitude because he has failed to consistently back it up. Felton has not shown me enough to go into next season trusting him to get it done.
127decibels::I know he has attitude. Don't you want that though? I do. And frankly if people were saying the things about me that they said about him, I'd be a lot rougher on them than Felton was.  Bottom line is this...wouldn't you LOVE it if Felton ended up playing more consistently - like he has recently? With the addition of JJ Hickson, the only real needs the Blazers would have left would be a true center (Drummond anyone?) and either a SF or SG. Both of those could be obtained in the draft PLUS they could FA shop til their heart's content or look for an unbalanced trade. Lot's of options and even more if Felton is really coming around.
natesweet72::Problem with Felton is he has attitude even when he is stinking it up though. I understand where he is coming from but as a player you keep that stuff under your hat. It never does any player any good to challenge the fans. Even if they are wrong in criticizing him. Plus, local Portland radio guys I think were overdoing the coverage a bit, but I never like that. Fact is a lot of fans were down on Ray because of how terrible he was playing for Nate as if he had given up and now he is playing with tons of effort and looking good. Why the hell couldn't he have found that spark before? A lot of the criticism is justified. I am glad he is playing well now but it is most likely a too little too late situation.
natesweet72::He sure has been playing a hell of a lot better since McMillan got fired. But he is a clown. He gave out his home address here in Portland and challenged disgruntled fans to come and get some.
CHOKLAHOMO::LOL DALLAS WORST DEFENDING CHAMPS IN THE HISTORY OF THE NBA
KyrieBro::your in idiot chok
terrapin1dixon::First of all, it's "you're", not your. Second of all, it's "an", not in. Who's the idiot?
wayde1213::there has been nba champs who did not make the playoffs the following year so your an idiot
CHOKLAHOMO::BUT IM SAYING THEIR THE WORST SO YOU ARE AN IDIOT
abcdsb::1 hit wonder. the micracle run is over
wayde1213::suns have the nugs on the rope too could be a really good day for the blazers. if houston and denver both loss they would only be 2 1/2 games back of both with 10 to play
13arodcano24::"Daddy didn't do too well, did he?" -Lebron James
abcdsb::suns winning and they will make a run and will kick dallas out in playoff race.
127decibels::You must have started that one before the game.
MexiStache69::Bucks&gt;blazers
MexiStache69::*sigh* really natesweet72. well if it makes you feel better ill say it out loud before i send it.
natesweet72::*Sigh* You are absolutely zero fun. Go away now and take your Bucks talk with you til it is relevant.
MexiStache69::my name has no affect on whether i can talk lol
natesweet72::you are not talking, you are typing. get it straight, brain.
127decibels::I agree. You can't talk regardless of what your name is.
MexiStache69::they didn't idiot
127decibels::Then why the freak are you talking about a team nobody here cares about? Loser! (mexistache...lol - what a dork)
ratical7::Your name is mexistache69. Don't talk.
127decibels::Didn't even realize the Bucks were playing the Blazers tonight. HMMMM. Who knew?
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb::You guys even gonna make the playoffs?
Ali-champ::Carter deserves the blame now. Just 6 points for the #2 scoring threat among starters won't cut it.  He started the year great but now his age is showing.
natesweet72::Man, losses are a team effort.
natesweet72::He definitely deserves some of the blame. And I know from slumping players. I am surprised the Blazers ended up keeping Felton and Crawford with how badly they were playing prior to the McMillan firing.
Ali-champ::I know but this is a note on Carter for his poor of late (not just this game) to share some of the fan hate that Lamb Lamb (Odom) has been getting.
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb::How about them, Mavericks?
Gae11::mavs gave up a double digit lead with thier best players on the bench.i would question the coach
Gae11::dirk at least
afronius7::Which players?
bird gang ceo::marion has terrible form  -noah
cmonson3::Blazers will be a lottery team for the next 5 years.
127decibels::You lost - at home - to a team that you think will be a lottery team for the next 5 years? You guys must REALLY SUCK!
afronius7::You wish, hater.
natesweet72::I don't think so.
sygroff11::TERRY IS A CLOWN
