bserpent::One leg, fade away, off the back board to win the game, and no top ten play on Sportscenter. I am always amazed at the treatment Dirk gets from the media compared to EVERY
Champlicious41::The Mavs showed a lot of fortitude, grit and togetherness. - Rick Carlisle. Let's not taint their "come from behind" victory over Orlando. What they did was impressive. =)
BowenDT71::Wow. Lamar Odom played like crap. Again.
pistonfanstill::Look Fool.  I doubt u will understand the Kardashian Factor but Odom was destroyed by the stupidity of Buss Jr who did not understand what having a Happy Odom in LA meant to the Lakers.  Now if u r a Mavericks fan dont worry.  They repeat because they are better and have even more hungry ex-stars who will do anything for a champion.  These Mavericks have much in common with the 06 Heat who beat them.  Odom will snap out of it by Playoffs.  Especially if Dallas draws LA so shut The F up.
PTBMLLLC::Lamar Odom is a player much like Caron Butler... if you allow them isolation , they can beat anyone one on one.... which is what Kobe was referring too and the same thing that got d' antoni fired in New York with Melo... because isolation players don't fit into other systems and they are never consistent
mavericksfan071::He got what 13 mins? He was sick is the story I got stomach bug or flu... get off his back.
Bynum pulls up for 3::His man-gina was acting up again
Yungdubz27::I always wondered how Dirk could get away with using that leg to create seperation on his jumpshot like that.
Yungdubz27::You have to be tall and able to shoot to pull that off....I can def see Durant using that move more.
mavericksfan071::For sure! Dont think anyone will be able to do it as good as him. Durant is getting pretty good though.
Yungdubz27::You may be right...it also will get blocked more....its one of those shots that will go down in the history books like Kareem's Sky Hook.
mavericksfan071::I think a lot of people wonder. When he does the shot without the knee he doesn't fade back as far, but it just doesn't look right most of the time. Im willing to bet to if he doesnt pull the knee up to, that he misses more of those shots.
Yungdubz27::I know its not illegal...just curious on why it wasn't. I doubt he would fall on his back. But you can see its a quick motion...he steps back on his left leg and uses the right knee as seperation....if he kicks out his right leg though that would be a foul. I've seen him use that fadeaway withouth using the knee....but its just something I always wondered.
mavericksfan071::Of course he knows what he is doing. It is nothing Illegal though. Dirk has been doing this shot forever. Why do you think guys like James, Durant, and Wade are now coping this. The fact is that you cant call a foul on the shot, because if you do you take away this shot from the game. Its just natural, if the knee does not come up Dirk falls flat on his back everytime.
mavericksfan071::They have been doing it all season... watch the games!
poodagg::um when had you ever seen those guys shoot off one leg?  stick to your mavs kid!
Yungdubz27::The seperation is the knee being out itself....you can't go through it to try and make a block because it would be a foul....just like someone that sticks their leg out on a shot to try and create a foul...more times then not they get an offense foul. It makes for an impossible shot to block. I'm sure Dirk knows what he is doing.
poodagg::who is going to block a fade from a seven footer who shoots from behind his head anyway?
mavericksfan071::Because he is not using it for seperation. Its just a natural movement, when he pulls back like that knee comes up, but with the body moving back it never make contact with the defender.
rajonMVProndo::Dirk Nowitski is a very good player
carols222::nowitzki*
mavericksfan071::Just now figuring that out?
TCdallas83::The mavs just need to make it the playoffs and then its anyones game.
TCdallas83::Im sorry but jason terry is one of the most under rated players of all time... its amazing what that guy can do... never seen someone that's only 6'2 make plays like him. Pure heart.
PTBMLLLC::WOW... he is very overrated notwithstanding very streaky.  Ive never seen such a average player talk crap in the media
terpsravensmavs::Even after a win I'm questioning carlisles decisions. Haywood was a -18 when on the court while mahimi and wright were +15 and 5 respectively. yet haywood had more minutes then both of them combined. on his first game back too. i don't get it. who cares about matchups if you win
I3UTTON::But if you watched the game that's why Mahinmi got most of the minutes in the 4th quarter. Haywood got most of his minutes earlier in the game because we needed his big body to take on Howard.
lbjroy2003::Beaubois didn't even play, and Wright only played 3 min? Wtf? Those guys had been balling out all season! They could easily take 20 min from Haywood and Mahimi and give it to Wright, and 20 min from Kidd, Carter, and West to give to Roddy! Use a 4 guard rotation of Kidd, West, Jet, and Roddy, SFs of Marion and Carter, PFs of Dirk and Odom, and Cs of Haywood, Mahimi, and Wright. Whomever whines about their minutes, tell them to $@%!!
comet2727::Wright doesn't have the strength to play against Howard.  Hard for him to get minutes against old school centers.  Roddy B., I mean what can ya say, D. West dropped 15 and his defense is legit.
lbjroy2003::DIIIIIIIIIRRRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!
tbbigdmavs::West is key for the mavs,it was nice to see hom run the point last night!He played the entire fourth and made some clutch shots!Mavs are a better offensive yeam with him!I have more confodence in the mavs with west now!Big game monday,cant wait!
bronsonbrooks::ew that was such a gross shot at the end of the game by turk
LoyolaProp::As a diehard Mavs fan, I'm getting really tired fo the swing that the media takes on this team. They are either garbage or up to repeat. The fact is that if you look at their season last year and this year, there' s not much difference. This team was built to endure the playoffs. I won't overreact about them until then.
staffbb43::dirk's awesome game-winning shot didn't even make the top 10 plays on sportscenter   JOKE   of course, we got to see 17 run-of-the-mill dunks as usual........
Dwayne_Johnson23::The magic are such a joke
nba is the worst::Magic continue to "find ways to lose" - last night in the form of the embarrassment that is Joey Crawford (combined of course with the 7-16 ft shooting of DClown)...  Must be tough to be a Magic fan...
phatfour20::The Magic are anti clutch!!!!!!!
twomen_and_a_robot::Dallas and OKC?  Who'd a thought.  The 2012 NBA Champion is????????
the702shogun::dirk bashes a shoulder to ryan anderson in the 4th, knocks him down, and anderson gets the call. and 1-2 no calls that were clear fouls. when you're the magic, you need all the help you can get, then again, when you're the mavs, you need all the help you can get too being the oldest team in the league. stupid refs!
carols222::not to mention anderson got away with a push for a key rebound that lead to free throws
staffbb43::too bad anderson had both his arms around dirk's middle before dirk tried to get him off, huh?
the702shogun::between joey crawfish &amp; dick bavetta, you got about 130+ years of ref out there, with a newbe. advice to both guys, let go. just let go. they old and confused. they're the guys on the highway in florida that ride around with the right blinker on for 10 miles. stern's minions are looking old and tired
Ali-champ::Was officiating a factor at all in last night's game?  It didn't across like that to me watching and I thought Dick Bavetta handle the situation quite well during the one incident I noticed during the telecast -- I think with JJ Riddick (or another white dude form the Orlando subs). Bavetta could have T'd up that guy for his continuous excessive arguments after the call but the ref contained himself.  Don't pick on senior citizens; you'll be one before you know it! As long as they are doing their job decently, I would just continue to admire them.
staffbb43::no kidding, carlisle gets a quick T from the newbie, and van gundy chewed him out 5 or 6 times with nothing
Ali-champ::Great win, had the same feel as those comebacks during the Championship run last year!  If only the Clippers lost to put us as 4th seed; still time to get there.
staffbb43::would almost rather be the 6 - avoid the 1 until the conference finals...
_slickSixtySix_::lmao what purpose does big baby serve except to keep KFC in business  also dwight howard is sufficiently annoying that i am glad his team is tanking
OOHnirav::Dwight really needs to work on his FTs. Imagine how amazing ANY team could be if he were on it while shooting at least 75%..  Good game by both teams, and a great win for the Mavs!
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Lol so Dwight stayed for this team? Lol
Anti-Stratfordian::No, he did not intentionally bank it in.  That final shot from Dirk is called "slop".  If the game was played without backboards it would've missed the rim by 3 feet.
nicholasduke23::lol. dirk shoots that off the backboard a good majority of the time.
bronsonbrooks::you must be a netball fan (look it up)
nba is the worst::As if you know what his intention was, fool.  "If the game was played without backboards" is top 3 for "dumbest posts this season" - in which you already are at #1 with the "Lebron is bbetter than Jordan" reruns!
OOHnirav::Were the game played without backboards, scores would probably be a good deal lower in general, buddy.
Anti-Stratfordian::..
Anti-Stratfordian::.
MavsNation92::Dirk Nowitzki Game winning shot  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ihcE49Rrro
Ali-champ::sick shot; gotta love those don't-try-it-at-home fadeaways from the 7-footer Big German!
the702shogun::when are joey crawford &amp; dick bevetta going to retire? joey crawford thinks he's famous and people pay money to see him referee plus he looks just like elmer fudd. the gave the game to the mavericks in the 4th
the702shogun::you guys will take the win. but dallas doesn't look like it's gonna go this year
ceyman::And I am sure you thought the same last year...
staffbb43::haven't been healthy all year, and 4 major new parts - keep hating though
MavsNation92::cry me a river
lamriverside7::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
lamriverside7::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
PJ Villa::time and time again dirk makes the big plays.
yalcos4::Hes the best player on the planet
lamriverside7::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Dirk is so amazing. so clutch. the clutchest in the league by far.   "Hey Ryan Anderson... hows it feel to be my bit.ch"  Dirk
NBA_2K12::Dirk is clutch
RonTuna::IT AMAZES ME HOW MARK CUBAN GETS THE REFS TO MAKE SO MANY BOGUS CALLS WITH SO LITTLE MONEY&gt;&gt;&gt;?????
AceVenturaMavsCoach::you shot 7 more free throws than us. so wtf you talking bout
staffbb43::seems like the magic's inability to hit a shot, get the ball to dwight low, or even keep possessions without a turnover contributed quite a bit too.....
nba is the worst::Anyone watching the game at the end saw the calls were key for the Champs' "comeback"
ZRated77::Not really a fan of either team but I watched the game tonight and I will say that was one helluva' game. Dirk still amazes me in crunch time.
MavsNation92::I love my Mavs. The Mavs have won 50+ Games every year since 2000 and made the playoffs every year with 2 NBA Finals appearances in 2006 and 2010. This might be the first year we don't win 50 games but I'll take a great run in the playoffs anytime. Go Mavs!!!
LoyolaProp::If they won 50 this year that would be impressive.
I3UTTON::As $hitty as Jet played the first 3 quarters, gotta give him credit for sparking that big run in the 4th. D West was huge for us too. And then Dirk capitalized at the end. Great road win.
Pierre De Colo::Dirk's last shot using the freakin board is f @ c k i n g unbelievable.
yalcos4::The fact that kobe and durant are copying dirk means that hes the best.
celticcavalier::Celtics
RonTuna::BULL DIRK THROWS UP GARBAGE AND SOMETIMES IT GOES IN....WHAT A JOKE
MMorales912::^^^^  This comment is a joke...
DynastyinBigD::You can't win in this league without Superstars. Dirk you're so f'ing clutch. Go Mavs
vandeman34::Detroit Pistons
MMorales912::Haters gonna hate!!  Dirk is most DEFINITELY clutch!!
RonTuna::PLEASE.......
Major Factuh::I just won the Mega Millions!!  Everyone on the board right now gets 50K!
RonTuna::April fool is Sunday
FanofTexas28::Lamar Odom: 13 minutes, 2 points (1-5), 2 rebounds, 0 assists. F*ck you.
gking407::Seriously, I think there has to be a limit to the bs from this guy.  He needs to play maybe 5 mpg that's all, then dump his worthless butt as soon as possible.  Maybe he can take the lead from Metta World Peace and rename himself Waste Of Space.
Im Lebrons Hairline::Orlando is not gonna get past the Bulls or Heat FACT
lamriverside7::D-fish killed the lakers! haha  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
lamriverside7::D-fish killed the lakers! haha  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
gking407::Dirk is truth.  I learned how sweet it feels to be a true fan last year. I also learned how many ****heads are on here saying nothing.   DIRK 4 LIFE
MMorales912::I could never understand how anyone could hate Dirk, either.  I've met him several times and he's always very humble and very sweet.  There's not a mean bone in his body.  He's a great player.  He's never been accused of rape, he's never been caught for doing drugs, he's never been in a serious fight... about the worst thing he did was let some nasty woman take advantage of him, but he never let it affect his game!
gking407::I've decided there are just some unhappy mf's in the world, and like they say "haters gotta hate". It's true.
FanofTexas28::I really don't understand why some people hate Dirk. He's one of the greatest players, yet he's humble. Same thing with Kevin Durant or Derrick Rose.
Vols-And-Ravens-Fan::That shot from Dirk was amazing. One of the best shots of the year, Hedo locked him down.
jaguarwes72::Please put Hedo on the bench, useless night after night.
wiqdgato::Seriously speaking, I think Dirk Nowitzki just officially ended Hedo Turkoglu's career.
