Robert::David Lee's quiet steady contribution game after game on offense is an often unnoticed key factor in the most solid position the Warriors have enjoyed all season, the guy is good at rebounding, scoring, setting picks, passing the ball, pick and roll, low posting and decent free throw average. He should be an all star just on his consistency alone, if not his stats. - Curry and Thompson need to correct their hot/cold inconsistencies, to's and fouling problems to be considered worthy all stars.
Logic::GS needs to start figuring out that the answer is to pound the rock. Feed Lee in the post and run the offense through Bogut. Curry and Klay chucking 3's is not the answer. Shoot the 3's yes, but that can not be the base offense.  Best player at his position on the W's? DLee10. The guy is a double double machine. Curry is hot and cold and turns the ball over way too much. KlayT? Basically a spot up catch and shoot player.
David::The Warriors are clearly suffering from altitude sickness. This means you do not want to run to the other end, then immediately take a long shot. Instead you want to drive, or you want to move the ball quickly around the perimeter so you can get a longer shot that is relatively uncontested (and for which you didn't immediately preceeding it do a lot of running). You also want to keep in mind that you will have to give your long shots a tiny by more effort because you are tired. Otherwise they will tend to be weak and short, which they have been recently.
Nathan::I can't believe it. 2 games in a row with less TOs than the opposition. It's a miracle !!
David::For future reference, your body adjusts to altitude by 50% (or what it eventually will) within 24 hours after getting there. Hence it pays to arrive at least a day early for games in Denver. Good game guys.
PKM::Igoudala should not be on the court limping around, rest him until he is healthy.
Rainbow Dash::I predict that there's going to be a lot of booing from the Nuggets fans when Iguodala steps onto the court.
PKM::Curry needs to just take care of the ball better and the Warriors will be fine.
Trace Mann::I still cannot believe that the Nuggetst fired George Karl and their GM, they deserve what they get!
YimingF::at least the Warriors took out the McNuggets tonight. Not the prettiest game, but it will do.
