tbest23::Wall still isn't what most thought he would be. 24 FT's didn't hurt his scoring either.
gotigersmemphis87::Come on man Im tired of all you guys saying that the Wizards are missing a few guys. Wizards at full strength vs Grizz at full strength and Grizz win 7 or 8 out of 10
Real Deal Beal::5 guys, not a few. Stop making excuses, you lost and that so called "league leading" defense sure put Wall in check...
Real Deal Beal::gotigersmemphis87 - Didnt make excuses. Wall played great. Good game Wizards. Doesnt change the fact that the Grizz are better than the Wizards.  Was that ever a question?
gotigersmemphis87::Didnt make excuses. Wall played great. Good game Wizards. Doesnt change the fact that the Grizz are better than the Wizards.
Cherub2g::Wall carries the ball in almost every highlight clip that I just watched.  No calls??  Iverson was killing ankles so they had to change the rules.  I guess they are slack again.
Real Deal Beal::TROLL.
terpsbball10::Complete troll
SFG Deck of Aces WS::The Wizards have been a 6-8 seed caliber Eastern team since Wall has returned and its a good sample size. Watch out next year, everyone besides the Heat
itmustbebobby80::If the season were longer, the Wiz would be competing for a playoff spot right now.
TheBrownestBob::Someone said Wall helps the Wizards more than Kyrie helps the Cavs.. or maybe the fact the Wizards acquired real NBA experience in the offseason to play with Wall helps the Wizards.  The Wizards were terrible the last two years with Wall and only Wall.
Real Deal Beal::true, but realize this. Cavs with Irving = similar record as Cavs without Irving. Wiz without Wall this season are 5-28, Wiz with Wall are 21-16. That is why he is a more impactful player than Kyrie.
Real Deal Beal::TheBrownestBob - Haha, I see you took that season sweep to heart.  Oh well, you all said the same thing last year and we see how that turned out.  If all works out perfectly, hopefully we can see some Kyrie vs Wall playoff showdowns in a few years!
TheBrownestBob::Haha, I see you took that season sweep to heart.  Oh well, you all said the same thing last year and we see how that turned out.
Real Deal Beal::TheBrownestBob - But he's also played more games.  You're comparing a 3rd year player to a 2nd year player and if you want to look at Wall's win-shares in his first two years compared to Irving's, they're about the same.  Next year, when the wiz are a playoff team and the Cavs are still rebuilding, it won't look the same.
TheBrownestBob::But he's also played more games.  You're comparing a 3rd year player to a 2nd year player and if you want to look at Wall's win-shares in his first two years compared to Irving's, they're about the same.
TarHeelLife28::What if Wall was healthy for the start of the season?
Real Deal Beal::4th or 5th seed man :)
gotigersmemphis87::LOL
Ambitious Vicious Champion::John Wall is no joke. I knew he wasn't a scrub, I just knew it.
B..........::yeah.....Thats great.....but you are almost 20 games below 500. Maybe wait on the celebration.
Real Deal Beal::Yeah...we started 5-28 when Wall was out. Now we are 21-16 since his return. Quit hating.
Ladies_Man1990::There needs to be a ESPN DC smh
dkidwell61::There was....it failed!
JCDish::Wasn't John Wall supposed to be doing this on a reg basis by now??
dkidwell61::How many point guards put up 27 on a regular basis!?
dkidwell61::How many true point guards put up 47 on a regular basis?
brettporter112::Yeah for sure man he should have been putting up 47 points on a nightly basis!
JCDish::This guy got super over-hyped during the summer runs in pro-am leagues.
JCDish::Someone in the ESPN media room with a Fail. The video recap of Grizzlies/Wizards started out with the Grizzlies/WARRIORS logos lol
Win or go home2453::This dude has one good game, about time! Beal is tons better then wall. Not even one of top 10 guards in the league.
GeorgeTownDC29::I like Beal, but he needs to improve a lot before you put him on Wall's level.
robology::As a Wizards fan, I gotta say ....  Learn to tank!  The season's a wrap, a top 3 pick could put this team in the playoffs next year.  Wait, who am I kidding, this is the Wizards ... Wall will tear his ACL week 1 and Nene will probably get caught bringing crack into the locker room.  SMH.
dkidwell61::Your "ACL" statement was just immature, linking Nene with crack is simply being a jerk!  Congrats!
Real Deal Beal::We still have a slight shot at the postseason, as long as the Bucks continue to lose :)
reddslim::My case for an ESPN D.C.: Caps (Ovi), Wiz (Wall/Beal), Skins (RGIII/Morris), and Nats (Harper/Strasburge)... Also DC United, High School basketball and football, and Georgetown... you can call it DMV if you have to so it makes more sence when you include all of maryland and virginia sports...
reddslim::I think Wall's potential is through the roof... If he keeps improving at this rate there is no telling how good he really can be...
Rangersfan021::I always did like John Walls game. Been a fan of his since he was in college playing for Kentucky. It's just hard for him to shine since the Wizards haven't been too good.
bostonceltics344::This Wizard team is better than last year
Rangersfan021::I mean, they couldn't do much worst then last year. However, it is good to see the Wizards win more often. As Ovechkingoal said, they started 5-28. But since that stretch, there 21-16. So, it does look like they figured out how to play together as a team.
tungcn2010::wall is looking more like DRose... with better passing skills...
gotigersmemphis87::Wall is no where close to D-Rose. Hes more like a 2 guard
psfrag262410::-said no one ever
Real Deal Beal::Said everyone with two eyes
tmoneyinmphs::44 free throws for wiz and 22 for the grizz?  Has miami heat ever faced that kind of deficit in free throw shooting in any game this year?
dkidwell61::Depends if they got fouled as much as the Wizards did I guess.
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::Wizards are giant slayers. They always beat the best teams and lose to the sh**** ones. They always play to the ability of their opponent.
ovechkinsgoal::wizards are 21-16 since starting 5-28 but you still have idiots surprised when a good team loses to them.  *smh
ovechkinsgoal::teams are dumb.  they actually think this is the same wizards team that started 5-28.  i'm trying to tell people time and time again.  THE WIZARDS ARE ABOVE 500 SINCE WALL RETURNED AND IN MANY CASES ARE BETTER THAN YOUR TEAM NOW.  wake up people.  this isn't your same d-league wizards squad.
adamwill821::Can't believe ESPN doesn't have this headline on their home page.  Yeah, Royce White going back to the D-League is much more interesting.  C'mon ESPN!!!
reddslim::I know... a performance like this should be on the front page... Maybe they just don't wanna hype all the D.C. sports teams too much since they don't have a "ESPN D.C." like they do for New York, Boston, Dallas, and L.A.   My case for an ESPN D.C.: Caps (Ovi), Wiz (Wall/Beal), Skins (RGIII/Morris), and Nats (Harper/Strasburge)... Also DC United, High School basketball (recruits galour), and Georgetown... you can even call it DMV and include all maryland and virginia sports...
686brent::Wall is playing like a man possessed. He is cat quick. If he continues to develop his jump shot, he could be impossible to guard for a few years
ThunderHornz::Well Grizz, you made fun of us for losing to the Wiz-now you know. Good luck and good health!
Real Deal Beal::But Wall was out against you guys, however Beal was playing unlike tonight.
Skip Mindless::For some reason, when I mention John Wall (which I don't) everybody just starts laughing...and I laugh right along with them.
dctribe08::you did a good job then, jokes on me i guess
dctribe08::If you're going to click on the article just to make an attempt to bash John Wall in the comments section, atleast make sense next time loser
Skip Mindless::It was meant to be confusing
frickinegg::There's probably not a right way to read it. It's fairly confusing and poorly worded.
ovechkinsgoal::he's saying that he's laughing at the people who are laughing at him, unless i'm reading this wrong.
robbery689::and where is the big one as far as Wizards fans go shows how much Wall as improved with his Jumper   Yep, John Wall scored a lot and stuff. Specifically, 19 points came from the free throw line (where he missed five), six points came at the rim, and the rest came via jumpers—from 17, 16, 19, 20, 13, 16, 26, 20, 18 and 27 feet.
robbery689::never though I would see the day when John Wall got most of his points from Jumpers and the free throw line
robbery689::Sure, the Grizzlies were without Marc Gasol, but they’re still one of the top six teams in NBA. And sure, the Wizards have been playing better with Wall (21-16, to be exact). But Washington was also without the services of five of their top seven players on Monday: Nene, Trevor Ariza, Bradley Beal, Martell Webster, and A.J. Price.
gotigersmemphis87::Thats great and all but who the hell is A.J. Price. Also no one on this list is close to Marc Gasol
robbery689::all this from a press thread by the way
robbery689::John Wall. Even after Wall dropped 10 points on five jumpers in the first quarter, no one expected a career-high 47. Not against the defensive-minded Grizzlies. Not with Tony Allen on the case. But the points continued, 17 coming in the fourth quarter as the Wiz outscored the Griz by 11 to take the win. Also impressive: Wall’s eight assists and seven rebounds to just two turnovers.
robbery689::going to through a couple of stats out there from this game from differnet post and what Wall really did tonight
cohena123::Wallin!
rayg450::m
mikehoops24::The kid is going to be a dominate PG in the future. Washington needs to build around him because this kid is a star in the making. Keep it up bruh! RIP Dr. Buss
BlazerGang07::He has the potential to be if the Wizards don't ruin his career with their inept FO. Shaun Livingston said they had no structure within the org...smh. My only knack on John is the lack of leadership and floor general ability I like to see in PG's. No question he can score though, esp in the open court.
taayox::Yep, that seems like a comment that should be directed at Kyrie Irving.
Real Deal Beal::taayox - this is not an informed comment(your judging of the type of player he is)  I guess we cannot expect people to watch wizards games, so they just go by what they hear/have seen from the few highlights shown of the wizards. Oh well :/
taayox::this is not an informed comment(your judging of the type of player he is)
Real Deal Beal::He is an outstanding floor general IMHO. All I can say is, watch more games.
Real Deal Beal::Hope you watched that 16 assist night in Staples. That was another special night.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::who had a higher scoring game this season.....John Wall or LePED?
Real Deal Beal::I think John Wall actually lol
tnxiceman11::John Wall shot more free throws than the Grizzlies combined. Nobody should attempt that many free throws unless they are getting intentionally fouled(ex: Dwight Howard). Just the NBA trying to create superstars.
tnxiceman11::so you are basing your argument over 1 game. Good job.
snoverneji::@tnxiceman OWNED
PartTimeHomer::Nothing different than what you're doing.
crig521::the nba trying to create superstars? LOL . is that why John didn't get a single call vs the Warriors saturday?  dumb a.ss
Real Deal Beal::he did in the end, he got fouled on like 3 or 4 possessions in a row. But that's what happens to players who lightning quick when they develop a jump shot. He's really hard to guard, and in a lot of scenarios where he blows by a defender, the defender looks to foul instead of giving up easy baskets. Happened a ton tonight after he sank all those jumpers.
tnxiceman11::I agree with you 100% but i still think 24 free throws is too excessive.
MuayThai20::Wizards have a bright future.
Taco has a Q::I know this is random and the east is weak but I want your opinions about what I think the matchups are  1. Heat  2. Pacers  3. Nets  4. Knicks  5. Bulls  6. Hawks  7. Celtics  8. Bucks    I think those are very good matchups! Heat/Bucks Pacers/Celtics Nets/Hawks Bulls/Knicks
ovechkinsgoal::my opinion is those teams are lucky the wizards aren't in the playoffs with the way they're playing lately.
snoverneji::why would the knicks finish behind the nets?
kblaw1::wasn't there an article written on espn that john wall had reached his ceiling?  come on son!
Canyoudunk86::Every dog has there day
BlazerGang07::yea that would be false but lets be honest here, Jennings dropped 55 then bottomed out. Hell even Andre Miller dropped 55 a few years ago with my Blazers. Not trying to kill your joy klaw1 :)
mikehoops24::Some of these journalists need to shut the f up because neither of them has played the game and even guard my 2 yr old son who is a beast in the making, the kid is already 3'7 at 2.
shehzadn::it's hilarious. we shouldn't take these writers too seriously. journalists have become hype-doom merchants and lack any perspective
kblaw1::also, the jumper is getting better.
TClermont::Someone forgot to tell the Wizards to tank the rest of the season. They're looking really good lately.
Boltman021::Thank you Wiz :)
LadariusRoughboneJackson93::STERN RIGGING DA GAMES FOR DA HEAT.   LEBUM CANT TAKE IT LIKE A REAL CHEAT.   LETS GET THE PLAYOFFS RUNNING.   REAL MEN IN THE GAME.   WE'LL SEE WHO COMES OUT ON TOP.   KOBE'S HIS NAME.
tnxiceman11::Funny you say that as a Lakers Fan. Do you remember  Lakers vs Kings in 2002? I bet you weren't complaining then
Renegade Paradox::Idiot.
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Is this the real John Wall?  Or is this the contract year John Wall?
tyler_shay::Lillard&gt;Wall
Real Deal Beal::Good try. Do realize Lillard is also older than wall. Come again :)
its1929again::so did Rudy, right after his max contract
dante2900::john wall is only in his third year and suffered a set back due to injury.
its1929again::Yeah, just ignore the truth about John Wall like the Grizzlies did about Rudy Gay...you won't be sorry for the next three worries....ha ha ha!!!
Real Deal Beal::Ignore him, he's been here trolling since his Grizzlies lost to a Wizards team without 5 good players.
its1929again::John Wall 2013 = Rudy Gay 2010-11
cShOx::Lakers 2015 Starting Line Up C- Dwight Howard PF- Kevin Love SF- LeBron James SG- Kobe Bryant PG- John Wall
karelp::...and Kobe will still be jacking up over 20 shots a game.
kjhovey::^^ How the hell did you two take that post even remotely serious? Clearly a shot at the Lakers for buying all the talent and still not winning.
crig521::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA.   wall will be a wizard for life.  and at least another 6 years after this one when he gets the 5 year max.  dream on bro
Real Deal Beal::Dream on. Wall is getting the max shortly, fyi.
connorj122::Wiz show could definitely be a top 5 team in the east next year if everyone stays healthy.. 21-15 with Wall in the lineup this year and 14-7 with Wall/Beal/Nene all in the lineup.. lookout
BlackChick1987::Wall has outstanding court vision. He finds people so easily because of his ability to drive and kick. Fun stuff.
Andrew James Bynum::You sound intelligent for a female nba fan.
BlackChick1987::Well I played a lil ball back in high school. Lol
Andrew James Bynum::Damn Wall, 47 pts ! ! ! ! ! ! :)  I see you trying to go for that max contract.
Texans_Knicks_2008::Wall had more freethrow attempts the entire grizzlies team... 2x as many freethrows for the wizards.  What is it July 4th?
Real Deal Beal::That's what happens when you are the faster player in the NBA and you hit your jumpshots. Defenses don't know whether you are going to stop and pop or if you are going to drive to the basket, promoting lots of contact.
its1929again::Lakers playing as poorly as the Grizzlies did tonight.
_REDSKINS_richie::100%
_REDSKINS_richie::next year top 5 seed in the east if you have any knowledge of bball
_REDSKINS_richie::the people who post on these message boards are $@%!$ i just needed to point this idiot out
_REDSKINS_richie::U have clearly never been to the DMV
AKsparky907::Never been there. Who cares. Your basketball team isn't going to the playoffs.
_REDSKINS_richie::YOOOO check the stats. MOCO county schools are the BEST in the ENTIRE US $@%!$@
_REDSKINS_richie::u are sooo fing stupid it blows my mind. DMV is astronomically wealthier than any city in tenn.
AKsparky907::What is DMV? Department of motor vehicles?
_REDSKINS_richie::yeah if u live in memphis maybe that place is full of $@%!.
its1929again::Only reason DC is not just like Detroit is you leeches sucking all the taxes from the rest of the country.  How are those public schools in DC doing lately?
its1929again::i created in 1999, so i was early, and if you don't think the world is in a depression, then I can't help you with that.
AKsparky907::Well they are all human and in zachs case I think he just gets frustrated. He has come a long way from the type of player he was in Portland. I agree that he can be a very dominant player but sometimes doesn't get himself into the game enough. The guy can get offensive rebounds with the best of them and can get his shot off in a crowd around the basket so lets just hope he shine in the playoffs.
its1929again::I just don't understand how you can make $15 million a year like Zach and not be able to focus every second of every game like it counts.  If you calculate how much he's making per touch of the ball, regardless of what he does with it, how could you not be forth max effort all the time.  Not too many guys on the Grizzlies have that killer focus.  Seems like Lebron has it all the time now, but didn't have it before.  Wonder what changed in him?
AKsparky907::I think their inability to blow out chump teams can be explained pretty easily. They are not a very good offensive team and their strength obviously is in their defense. An offensive team that gets going is like a snowball rolling downhill. That is what creates a blowout. A defensive team depends on intensity and that is a lot harder to keep going when you have a lead. I am just hoping that come playoff time the grizz can keep the intensity up for a majority of a 48 minute game.
its1929again::lack of consistent outside shooting is hard to live with.  watching Golden State hoist up tons of threes makes me envious.
AKsparky907::They will continue to struggle without gasol as long as he is out. Giving up offensive boards kills them. Once he gets back I think they will be fine. I look for the grizz to make it out of the first round and hope they make it out of the second. They have the potential to play with anybody. I think they have shown they can shut down the best of offenses but that takes a lot of energy. It should be easier to expend that energy in the playoffs. I wish we were deeper though.
its1929again::AKsparky907 - Oh no, I'm no perfect market timer. But when banks start failing I know the snit is hitting the fan. It's pretty simple really, buy low and sell high right?  word...back to basketball, do you think the Grizzlies are going anywhere with or without Gasol?  I'm concerned about their inability to blow out chump teams and giving back huge leads (ala Boston the other night).  Not a good recipe for a deep run in the playoffs.
AKsparky907::Oh no, I'm no perfect market timer. But when banks start failing I know the snit is hitting the fan. It's pretty simple really, buy low and sell high right?
its1929again::AKsparky907 - Last point I'm gonna make on the markets since we obviously disagree. I hope you pessimistic views haven't kept you from cashing in on this rally. Stay long until Ben pulls the plug.  I bought gold in 1999 at 250 an ounce and still own it...let's see, thats up what, 500-600%.  Also bought silver at $3.00 an ounce, up tenfold.  Don't feel too sorry for me.  I run rings around most players...but I suck at golf...go figure.
its1929again::When Ben's tonic of free money falters...as it eventually will....we'll be talking about 90% drops, like dow did from 1929-1932 (ok down 89%, but I'm rounding up).  The new Grizzly owner will be bankrupted and have to sell the team for a song.  Maybe you can buy it from him with your perfect market timing abilities?
AKsparky907::Last point I'm gonna make on the markets since we obviously disagree. I hope you pessimistic views haven't kept you from cashing in on this rally. Stay long until Ben pulls the plug.
AKsparky907::The market is up over 100% since the lows in 2009. Sure it is just getting back to its highs in 2008 but surely you weren't dumb enough to ride the sinking ship down. This rally has made a lot of people rich, I am sure you know that. I honestly don't care if the market tanks again and drops 50%. Actually I prefer it as I will pull my cash out and reinvest near the lows. These violent swings in the market benifit anyone who pays attention. Thanks Ben!
its1929again::Maybe we can agree that Z-Bo seems to have some questionable commitment issues and doesn't focus like he should at all times.  I look for him to be traded before too long.
its1929again::Spain's unemployment rate tops 26% January 24, 2013|By Alana Semuels Email Share   During the bleakest days of the Great Depression, when Americans waited in bread lines and the nation’s future looked grim, the unemployment rate peaked at about 25%.  Spain has now topped that figure, one of the highest in the developed world, as unemployment in the European county reached 26.02% in the fourth quarter of 2012. There are 5.9 million people out of work in the country.
its1929again::Um, you have no idea son.  The biggest stock market rally of our time was 95-99.  This is just getting back to where the market was in 2008, with 4 trillion of fake stimulus.  Once inflation kicks in you'll understand.  Read up about the German economy circa 1923-1930.  But whatever, you asked.  Keep sticking your head in the sand...it'll be all right.  Why don't you take a trip to Cyprus or Spain and report back to me (hint unemployment rate in Spain is 27%).
AKsparky907::Do you know what depression means? It actually has a definition and our economy doesn't fit into it. Sure, the fed is keeping us afloat but it isn't stopping me from cashing in on the biggest stock market rally of our time.
_REDSKINS_richie::the grizzlies suk dik u $@%!. At least we have a championship and dont live in the dumpster city
its1929again::DC = Detroit
its1929again::sorry, thought you were another Wizard chump fanboy, my bad
its1929again::not idiot then
AKsparky907::Wow, a fellow grizz fan calling me am idiot? That was a serious question.
its1929again::just ask anyone in Greece, Spain, Italy, or most of America you idiot
AKsparky907::Also, you are at least 4 years late on your username, unless you created it in 2008.
AKsparky907::I've always wondered what is up with your username.
Damn It Jim::Stock market crash. The Great Depression.
NYC HALAL FOOD::why does it show Grizzlies vs. GSW as the title in the Recap  FAIL!
