CBass1317::Despite Raymond's decent line tonight, he was terrible.  The dude just cannot hold on to the ball.  Lots of PGs turn it over, but his TOs are terrible.  Usually gets ripped on the perimeter and it leads to an uncontested layup.  He go ripped three times with terrible double team splits on the pick and roll.  And to top it off, he flat out cannot shoot.  God I wish we still had Dre.  I LOVE ME some Andre Miller.  Both of their contracts are up this year any way.  What a terrible trade.  In the meantime, Crawford should be playing 35 min at the PG.  He looked good there when Felton was out ... at least better than Felton.
eazyt_971::I agree Felton isn't an efficient player. But the reason they made the trade is because Felton can run an up tempo offense and Andre Miller simply could not. Portland is one of the few teams that have actually seen their PPG go up this season. So Felton should get a little credit for that IMO. Felton probably won't be back next year but Andre Miller wouldn't have been back next year either so I think Portland got the better end of the deal. It's not like Miller is tearing it up in Denver anyways.
Metta_World.Hate::Hey, Stern, fuck you!
natesweet72::Just a note to my fellow Blazers fans. Stop paying attention to kobelies. He's just a troll and a not very good one at that. Like Roymullins he is too much of a wuss to ever talk about his own team and spends too much of his time on the website of a team that has no bearing on his life. He is a total loser. The funny thing is in all of his rantings about how big of losers the Blazers are, all he has really done is make himself look like the biggest loser on these threads. The more you ignore him, the bigger his loser-ness becomes.
eazyt_971::Blazer boards are always filled with trolls. So they must be doing something right. Morons like "kobelies247" and "roymullins" don't troll teams that don't matter. If Portland was as bad as these ppl try to say they are then they wouldn't be trolling our boards evey game. You don't find these ppl on the Sacramento, Toronto or Detroit boards.
gianluchisti::MANIPULATIVE MATCH : toronto - boston     because BOSTON want arrive #7   and must pay $$$$$$$ for GARNETT PIERCE ALLEN ...     IN PLAYOFF one lost 4-1 or 4-2 vs MIAMI or CHICAGO is GOOD....   respect 4-0 vs PHILADELPHIA 76rs !!!     (my favourite team are SPURS , NUGGETS and SIENA ... i don't have cause for speak the false ...)   ( i live in ITALY - TUSCANY - SIENA - PALIO of SIENA )
Kobelies247::Blazers vs Hornets = 220 comments!!  Lakers vs Knicks = 6000+!!!  FACT!  Enjoy the Allstar game LaMArsha.... :)
erock_ducks2007::I'm not sue why you're talking trash either. Last I checked, laker and blazers have the same record. Including a win or te blazers over the lakers thus far..
erock_ducks2007::And his team loses to the Knicks. Lin scored 38! A career high!
Rip_City27::Bahahahahahahahahahaha wow you really care about how many comments a thread gets??? HAHAHAHA that just proves you need to get a life lmao I cant believe u really just made that comment get a life dude!!! lmao wowwwww
kflur03::Ha I know seriously!
afronius7::It had 6,000+ because of multiple reasons 1. Los Angeles fans comments 2. New York fans comments 3. High population in those cities 4. Game on ESPN/National Television 5. Jeremy Lin LaMarcus* could have beat the Hornets by himself.
hahahaha58::I'm sure Lin scoring 38 points was the predominant reason.
Kobelies247::Thats why it was a 2 point game with 1min left?
Frank38443::Hornets are so awful.
8180MAURICE::NO KIDDING?  AND SO ARE THE BOBCATS.
jailblazers30::yet again blazers lose the rebounding battle. lamarcus needs to step up in that area.
ryanbard123::Sure, but he is averaging 8.5 on the year.  We really need more consistency from our small forwards, Gerald and Batum.  Batum (especially) should be killing it.  Marcus with only 7 didn't help much either... I think rebounding falls on the team shoulders, but still agree.... I'd like to see LMA averaging at least 9.5..... he's capable....
o07JamesBond::Comment? Yes, I think I will. Lin-sanity. That was one of the most impressive performances I've seen in a long time, and to school the Lakers like that. Epic. Isn't he fun to watch? We haven't seen anything like this in, maybe ever? Look what happens when you play with energy, heart, and effort 100% of the time. He is clearly highly motivated playing purely for the love of the game, nothing else. *Something 95% of spoiled NBA players with their big guaranteed $ contracts could learn from* including most Blazers, sorry to say it like that but when we only put forth that kind of effort in brief spurts. Let's be honest, we play mediocre defense at best regularly and by that I mean how much pressure, intensity, and hustle on rotating.... Plus, with Lin he clearly has skills. Has excellent court vision, and pretty dang good shooting touch too. Now onto my Blazers.... A win is a win, right? Yep. BUT what an UGLY win at that. If it were not for Jamal we lose this game. Crash had a good game. Felton had a decent game too. Let's be real though, we were down almost the entire game to a 4-22 team, and at times they had control of it. We were out-rebounded badly, again. We have to want it more, fight for every rebound, not just stand around watching, either that or get into better position to do so. This is inexcusable and yet it happens all too often. We should be a terrific rebounding team. We should dominate at it. Hopefully we bring a better effort against Dallas or we won't be as fortunate. I expect our Blazers to bring it tomorrow night though and send Dirk off the court crying in his Wiener Schnitzel.
Frank38443::Might have something to do with a grueling OT win in Boston the previous night. Could be wrong, but that's about the worst I've ever seen a Kobe/Gasol Lakers team play. And they were still in it.
8180MAURICE::YEAH, BECAUSE KOBE HAD A USUAL GAME WITH 34.  GO FIGURE.
Kobelies247::The Allstar = 7 Rebounds?  Nice........
ryanbard123::N1 Sully... at least we got the w
BlazerSully::The starting all star, 34 pts on 29 shots?  LMAO, Get The FOH with your BS Blobelies.  You all got Lin slapped tonight by a melo, stoudamire less, sorry knicks team.
afronius7::Now tied for 6th. Only 6 games back in the west and the standings change daily dude.
Kobelies247::9th place in west = gets you in allstar game!!  Fact that you still believe im a laker fan? PRICELESS!!!
truesportfanman::If I was a hornets fan, I would start a class action suit against the league for blocking the better Laker trade deal and lying about wanting a better deal for the hornets, just to slow the Lakers.
Frank38443::class action suit on behalf of the NOH season ticket holders for false advertisement.. no joke
58rhodes::LOL
TyrekeTheKing13::at least NO is better then bobcats
BlazerSully::Lakers get smoked by Linsanity and Blazers win.  What a good night.
natesweet72::It is a good night. My banning has finally been lifted. A Blazers win on the road, even against a team as mired in a funk as NOH, is a good thing right now. I hope Crawford remembers he can play like this tomorrow night. Felton too.
jdredge::The Blazers need to contact Cleveland and trade for Ramon Sessions. The guy would be affordable and he's very underrated.. Had 16 assists tonight!
FranciscoKern::I'd rather see them snag Greivous Vasquez.
Gobi Sith::Oh ya that would be a major upgrade over Felton at this point.
jdredge::And before the Lakers get Sessions like has been rumored.
Salvidor Bali::yeeah!  Blazers W.  Blazers been playin like crap lately.  Good to get a road win.  This short season isn't going the way most of us blazer fans would have wanted, tho I shouldn't complain with the way the Hornets' season is going in the post-CP3 era.  Up here in Portland, we're just trying to stay in the post season convo.  We got the talent, just got to put it together for 48 min!
Salvidor Bali::Oh yeah, congrats to Aldridge for a much deserved all-star nod.
Getchaclothesoffbich::Hornets shaving points at the end
Dadsterbug::Missed the game...why didn't J Jack play?
zakerns::sore left knee
Dadsterbug::Missed the game...why didn't J Jack play?
Maryland-Saints-Fan::I clearly predicted about 2 hours ago that the Hornets would blow the lead and lose the game; and what do you know, it happens.
KeMvP277::Not hard to predict the Hornets blowing a lead lol. i did too.
mycm1127::At least they play hard.
KeMvP277::On the bright side, minni is back under .500.
KeMvP277::It's not a coincidence that when Belinelli comes in the team starts losing. He really is an absolute pathetic joke. should let Henry and Aminu get his minutes.
steakquesakilla::suckers!!!
tigerlive::We maynot be a very good team, but I will say they play hard
megatrondon87::WOOOOO baby -7.5 LETS GO ovr 202 UTAH FOR A BIG $@%!$@% PAYDAY BABY
chooch0706::THUNDER BLAST UTAH TONIGHT !!!!!
chooch0706::OVER WON BY 8
srr2449::woooohoooooooooooooooooo
megatrondon87::sick -7
chooch0706::WHAT WASS LINE
milliek46::update on the score please
Toni_Reeve269532::Portland Trail Blazers vs. New Orleans Hornets   found a site to help with your picking:   http://bit.ly/zompxa
chooch0706::ALITLTE LATE MOMO
Watch_it::Portland +1.....Just win the game
Watch_it::Tell that to my bank account
Sukalotopus::teasers are for suckers
goalie1113::not really... theres a time and place to use them.
chooch0706::OH GOOD $@%!
Watch_it::3 team 8 point tease....easy money
goalie1113::ditto... upsets like this have killed some of them for me, but thankfully the blazers pulled it out
chooch0706::TIE GAME
chooch0706::+1?
chooch0706::3 BALL!!
wenross44::lin is getting it done
MetsNLChamps2012::JEREMY LINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
zakerns::He was great but your on the wrong board man
ir91891::whos ball
Chalmers4theTIE08::Blazers
ir91891::updateee
wayde1213::85-81 Portland 1:20 left
PortlandBlazers1004::85-81
ir91891::u lying?
chooch0706::90-81
1That one guy1::where is camby?
roymullins::so could you...
roymullins::no- actually it is playing Oden one-on-one... the only guy in pro hoops that I could actually beat... they guy is unable to move! I could beat him to 5...
meronfoto::LOLOL---- ok that was funny.
roymullins::massaging Oden's knee...
jfl3377::roymullins fantasy massaging oden's "knee"
roymullins::but hey, Portland would get a lottery pick!  they always draft soooooo well...
roymullins::uh... nice try... anyone who spends that much time and effort and money should have read the warning signs on Oden- they simply ignored it and hoped his physical problems would go away...
goalie1113::awfully hard to fault portland for oden/roy....  u can say durant all you want, but we never know what may have been with oden..
ir91891::aiight i need portland -3 whats situation
roymullins::ninth place in the west is a real possibility...
feeldabern::give it to aldridge you european loser
roymullins::Portland plays 21 of their last 40 on the road...
mattrbrehm::C'mon Blazers.... This is where we need to step up and hit big shots!
roymullins::probably gotta win 36 games to make the playoffs in the west...  Portland has 40 games left...  can they win 22 of them?
feeldabern::how can we not score against the worst nba team ever
Chalmers4theTIE08::Wow 5 points in 3 mins really kills an over 180...
Chalmers4theTIE08::Any way you can direct message on here or somethin
Watch_it::I thought it was in the 190's..That's a good half score for that over....I have a number you could call, but I'm not posting it on here
Chalmers4theTIE08::Yeah I only knew about him cuz a buddy of mine hooked me up... I'm gonna need OT in this one to have any chance... Lookin like an 0-3 night
sTLxPrOdiGyxGaMbLeR::oh I live in stl cant find a local bookie to save my life
Chalmers4theTIE08::Someone in Kansas... the over wasn't "blown" with 90 pts though.... It was a 180.5 o/u, that's right on pace
sTLxPrOdiGyxGaMbLeR::what bookie is that?
Watch_it::Find a new one. There is more than one
Chalmers4theTIE08::I can't... the bookie only does full game bets
Watch_it::OKC and GSW are about the only 2 teams putting up 100's. This over was blown in the 1st half with 90 points. You should of went in and made your money back with a 2H bet
Chalmers4theTIE08::Yeah but 180 is pretty low for a Portland game....
goalie1113::gotta be picky with overs, especially this year. a lot of tired legs/missed jumpers
feeldabern::cmon portland. pull away. 6 mins left
Chalmers4theTIE08::Come on guys freakin score!!! Ahhhh!!!!
