Rene Covarrubias::i cant believe how many shots the celtics are missing, this is pathetic
Chelo Mejias::Beat these phonies, Go Celtics!
Steve Tellers::How do you figure the Blazers are phonies??? They built their team the way it should be built, through the draft.
Nathan Siegel::Get your win streak going portland!
John Rances::Blazers did what they had to do, Shake off a lottery team and get some rest for the real tough ones next week.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::wow i wish im 6 ft 8 black person so i can make million in the nba missing open 14 ft jumpshots.. aka brandon bass
Rene Covarrubias::seriously tho, the whole celtics team is sucking in the 4th quarter
Glenn Lukas::Rene Covarrubias Perfect, top 5 pick here we come!
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Refs have no respect for these celtic players
Tony Hartmann::Blazers are going deliver a beat down to the Celtics.
Brian Weekly::I don't know if I have even heard of these guys on the Celtics.  They will have no business even being in this game.
Mark Ruble::BLAZERS already  won in the  Boston Garden...probably will sweep the  series this year
Chad Wiggins::grab a rebound bafoon…. u butter fingered PIECE OF CRAP
Meron Foto::Refs just don't respect Lillard. He just whacked and no call.
Luke Bailey::Looked like the Celtics were going to compete for a playoff spot.  Now they are heading to a better drafting position.  As a Celtics fan, I am OK with this even though I like to see them play well.  When Avery Bradley is your top scorer like last night, you are going to struggle (I think Avery Bradley is a good player, just saying you don't want him to be your top scorer, which is obvious)
Chad Wiggins::lmao at portland.. can't shake a battered boston squad who played hours ago in a grinder… PATHETIC… had a comfortable lead and gave them seven straight points by playing no defense, not rebounding, and not executing on the offensive end… i knew portland would eventually show their true colors… here u go
Meron Foto::Everyone knows Blazers don't have defense. Nothing new.
Liam Sibson::1-9 in their last 10, 6 game losing streak, 13-23, half a game out of last place, third straight game giving up 111 or more points, third straight game with 25-30 fouls, Green hasn't even scored 20 in a game since Christmas, Sullinger is going to break the record for Flagrant Fouls in a season...  But Rondo still wants to wait until February to come back.  I now expect him to play ALL 82 games next year. If he even sits out 1/3 of the season, I'm done. Trade him. He can't be made a franchise player if he only plays 20 games every year.
Chelo Mejias::Green Scored 24 last night? lol
Meron Foto::63% shooting for Celtics..... a team that already played a game yesterday. Great D by Blazers as usual. They always manage to make .500 teams look like legit playoff caliber.
Saul Medina::I always thought taking care of the ball and controlling the glass were key to enable a team to play good D. Blazers proving that wrong, it's crazy.
Meron Foto::Saul Medina  I have been watching Blazers since 2001...... I have never seen a defense this bad.
Saul Medina::Meron Foto I know me 2
Matt Elmore::God's gift, Damian Lillard, boy was he special tonight! 5-15 for 15 points. Totally deserving of being the All-Star starter...
Dylan Hallman::Matt, glad someone agrees with me that we should use a single game against a laughable team as a metric for who should start in the All-Star Game! At long last!
Liam Sibson::Good GOD will this D-League team ever win again?  I guess they're going to finish 13-69....  SMGDH...
Chad Wiggins::POINT SHAVING REFS… no call on the obvious foul, then the overturn the out of bounds call smfh
Chad Wiggins::portland absolutely pathetic down the fffffn stretch.. PATHETIC
Michael Coleman::7 in the 4th aint gon cut it.  My boi's need GUIDANCE! Waiting on you RONDO..  #GREENGOBLIN
Sean Cooper::Knew u guys had it in you C's!!! #TeamTank #TeamWigginsParker
Tony Hartmann::8 losses in a row and 10 out of the last 11. The blood bath continues for the Celtics.
Dave Gillespie::This is what happens when all you have other teams turds. Ainge
Michael Coleman::Wait till the BEST POINT GUARD in the LEAGUE come back.. #hihaters
Meron Foto::Paul?? I hope next time he doesn't injure himself trying to flop.
Michael Coleman::Meron Foto LOL.. funny.. When paul can get a team pass the second round, then we can talk.
Meron Foto::Michael Coleman Who then? West??
Brian Weekly::So Boston should get absolutely destroyed right?
