Andrew Klocek::I can honestly say that was the most amazing finish I have ever seen. I love basketball but I have always liked Hockey and Football more. But last night made me realized that I love Basketball just as much. I am not a fan of either team but that made my heart stop a couple times. Seeing the life come out of GS when Westbrook hit that 3, and then come back alive when Iggy hit the game winner was the most exciting segment of sports I had seen in a long time. And I think we can say that Westbrook is back to himself.
Aaron Rooney::really?
Travis Burrow::I wouldn't mind watching Warrior and Thunder 7 times this postseason...
John Martin::Basketball does not get any better than this game, I don't care which team you support.
Lights Godown::fact
Shawn Bento::wait  Curry just missed a FT?  is this real life
Kevin Close::GS is sure fun to watch.
Cali Native::It is unreal how emotional people can get over wins and losses.  Why can't you use that emotion and put it to effort in areas of need like over at the Philippines?  Or in your neighborhood.  Donate your time at a children's hospital.   No, you have to whine about a game.  Is there hope for humanity?
Billy Clark::I enjoyed the hell out of this game and donated money to the Phillipines...are the two mutually exclusive?
Chad Wiggins::Billy Clark great response....  like being a fan excludes u from being a caring and loving person... the same passion that i have towards any team i claim is the same passion that also makes me a good dad, IMO a church goer, charitable, and in general a passionate person... i doubt that a message like this one is gonna guilt trip anybody into giving money... people do cause they want to do (rocky 3) which im also a fan of.. ;-)
Francis San Pedro::i donated a couple days ago
Tony Gomez::I hate Back to Back games in the NBA because it gives every team a disadvantage when they do one. If every team played 1 game every other day straight till April, the season would end on the 16th or 17th of April. Then you add a week for All Star Weekend, the Season ends April 23rd which eliminates back to backs and gives every team in the NBA 1 day of rest in between every game.
Kemala Martin::It's not that simple, NBA has to work around arena schedules. Alot of arenas already have contacts with certain companies to use the arena, like when the spurs have to go on that long road trip every yr at the same time because the rodeo or circus used the arena
Mike Plummer::C'mon. Back in the '70's they play back to back to back games with commercial flights. In the '80's and '90's they played back to back playoff games. Guys nowadays have it made. Private charters and playoff and finals games spread out three days apart.
Andy P Kordyban::All the Warriors fans who went back into their closets after Westbrook's 3 are jumping back out of them now.
Eugene Knoh::Thought they were gonna lose was pretty pissed but that was awesome
Cody Perin::OKC fans are certainly few n far between right now. Wasn't when Westbrook hit the 3....
Eugene Knoh::That was a nasty three Curry-esque
Curtis Clough::ahahahahahhaahhaahha YESSSS!!!!!!
Clint Czar Jefferson::Where were you at when Westbrook hit that 3
Curtis Clough::Clint Czar Jefferson complaining it was a shot they should give him all day, right?
Clint Czar Jefferson::Curtis Clough huh
Corey Neal::both these teams played like champs what a game
Jonathan Davis::WHAT a game.  Well done OKC. Go Warriors.
Anthony Ayonon Caricungan::Thriller in OAKLAND WHAT A GAME
Dutch House::One of the unexpected treats of balling into the fetal position and weeping like a small girl after every other Laker's game is that I have been able to truly enjoy some great games from other teams this season and this was one of them. What a fadeaway. I will still bleed Purple and Gold all season but it is nice to be able to appreciate some other teams as well.
Andrew Lipham::kevin harlan = best nba announcer of all time.  he needs to do the nba finals.
Zach Bergland::He's terrible.  If you listen carefully he screws up basic plays.  He also has biases that are blatant.  Like Westbtook or Iverson when he played.  He'll say "He has 25 points on 23 shots".  Yet when Kobe has worse efficiency he just leaves that part out.  He is an announcer who happens to do sports, not because he's an expert.  He has no real understanding of the game.  He said that the Sixers relied on Iguodala to be the number one guy last season.  That was false.  Jrue Holiday was the #1 option all year.  He should be doing bingo competitions in Florida.  It has been a series of interesting offensive plays by the big names.  Yes, Kevin, expertly explained.
David Andaya Palafox::@Zach, Iggy was at Denver last season.
Eddie Sneeh::Be careful Lee dunking on Ibaka... he just might punch you in the nuts...
Andy P Kordyban::Russell "COLD BLOODED DAGGER" WESTBROOK!
Andrew Lipham::ridiculous game.
Lukha Qangule::IN!!!!SANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!GSDUBB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Derrick Berry::Peep this, go look at the scoring by quarters of both teams and see the fatigue setting in on okc, then look at the 4 th. Okc all of a sudden outscored Golden St on back to back nights, while Golden St was rested. Ref help. No offense thunder fans, but the masses knew with the talent of young men, that Warriors should have won by 8 +.
John Keros::Rose playing better than Westbrook proves sitting 18 mos was the right decision.  Oh wait, he's not playing better.
Jordan Rutledge::cant really compare two different injuries like that
Chad Wiggins::Jordan Rutledge one was much more severe..
Scott Baker::Hoping for a great game tonight, both these teams have some very exciting players. Hopefully OKC is not dragging from last night's battle with the Clippers.
Derrick Berry::Vegas a fool, them foul shots OKC got at the end to pull the game close on petty calls, but Thunder was hacking the sh-t out of Lee.
Chad Wiggins::very true, texted the same thing to my nephew
Andrew Lipham::heat vs pacers east finals spurs vs clips/warrs/thunder west finals
Bryce Morgan::Im pretty sure that every logical person who watches basketball knows this already
Andrew Lipham::i got spurs over pacers nba finals.
Bryce Morgan::Andrew Lipham meh. Maybe. Injuries happen though. Not even gonna try to call finals yet
Shawn Bento::Fck, this is going to be one of those games where Curry goes off
Eddie Sneeh::Foul on Bogut????? What did he do?!
Anthony Furno::these refs suck that was a joke big game changer the refs r gonna blow the game
Eddie Sneeh::You can hear the answer from 18,000 people in the arena!
Anthony Furno::Eddie Sneeh yupp unbelievable man okc has no business winning this game man
