Shanny Salcedo::Like if you think Teletovic should win 6th man of the year
Marcleen Bavogui::hmm no numbers wise, team wise NO.. reggie jackson, mo williams, jamal crawford  are all fron runners for that award
Shanny Salcedo::TELETOVICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
Mike Woolley::Come on Atlanta... Stop stooping to the Nets level and actually play basketball!
Ryno Lascavio::Without Horford, the Hawks are not going to even break .500 the rest of the way. With all the injuries to big time players, this might be the most boring early season in recent NBA history.
Mike Woolley::I have to agree... No Horford, no Hawks
Shanny Salcedo::I think its safe to say that Teletovic is our best player....This guy is a monster and a sniper
David Morrissey::Nets are finally playing like they should be.
Reon Romero::Nets coming to life.
Edison Mema Memerson::https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/1551714_10151810398976879_512601422_n.jpg talking about match winner
John Osaki Jr.::The Nets still have a chance to turn their season around behind the leadership of Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce. Nets fans of K.G. and Pierce, checkout both player analysis in the new book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Roberta Coleman::the owner hasn't attended a game since October?  that's what is being reported in the NY Post.  This team being run by the wrong people.  Nothing smarter than trading your future for washed up vets.  Really, does their record come as a surprise?
Ray Jask::d williams can't play more than 5 games without INJURING THAT ANKLE, face it he's always out of shape which leads to this injury, also funny he always gets injured after team wins a game or two
Naib Lis::D. Williams needs to take over on scoring inorder for the nets to win tonight. If Williams scored 30 points or more, Nets will win this game, if not they will lose.
Jimmy Ruch::Uhh Williams didn't play and they won. Your prediction was smashed!
Naib Lis::I meant to say Joe Johnson needs to take over...by the way, nba is fixed...lol
Shaun Mitts::Good Job Nets, U guys beat teams who didnt have their overall best players  Westbrook, Irving, Horford.
Christian Lagman::like we had our two best players?....Williams and Lopez! Think before you start commenting!
Daniel Maresca::a**hole
Steve Carman::Garnett.. pathetic! Pierce... pathetic... Terry... abysmal.... Celtic did good to get rid of those 3.
Shanny Salcedo::actually pierce is ok ....the other 2 are washed up
Steve Carman::Shanny Salcedo dude can't even jump anymore... they are ALL washed up... especially Terry, he was never good to begin with... to think Celtics thought he could replace Allen... what a joke!
Steve Carman::Shanny Salcedo look at pierce.. what's he done this qrt.. nothing but 2 TO leading to 4 points for ATL... guy is finish!
Edison Mema Memerson::Mirza Teletovic must play...such a good player with low minutes ...stupid Kidd
Mike Woolley::is kidd looking after his mates?
Edison Mema Memerson::Mike Woolley Mirza 16 pts ... brookly won ....
Matthew Lemieux::it would be nice to see the Nets play at a high level at some point this season
Ben Watson::Deron is a game time decision don't expect him to out play teague, even if healthy
Shoot Jung::free throw at the end was uncalled for. i think referee was paid huge money.
Mike Woolley::Could see that 3 pointer coming... Good work Atlanta...
Trent Conheady::Has someone told atlanta that the 3rd quarter has started?
Mike Woolley::That or the actual NBA season has started...
Trent Conheady::Mike Woolley You just might be right..
Drew Grundfor::these Net...um...really suck.
James Fisher::bk by 5...just because of the free throws at the end of the game
Robbie Dylan D'Ademo::is millsap injured?? not many mins for their guy
Rene Covarrubias::what u guys think under or over 197? i went under
Steve Carman::I went under 221.5 in wolves game and sweated like fu ck.. if you're under this game you might as well cash in now.
Rene Covarrubias::Steve Carman yea i went over 219 in the wolves game and hit
Steve Carman::Rene Covarrubias lol you must have been sweating with under a 1 minute to go!!!!
James Fisher::as bad as both teams are deron will out play teague
