Kyle Miller::Bucks stay on track.  Bulls: 99 Bucks: 71
Laura Pierce::Bulls crush the NBAs worst franchise by 25+ tonight..bucks bearly beat them when they were missing 4 starters, noah/deng will both start tonight,say buh bye pathetic bucks ya suck
Kyle Miller::That's what I said moron.
Tim Holt::Laura Pierce Have fun cashiering at Walmart...lol
Taylor Manes::Wow the bulls actually  won...I can't believe it.....we we WE WON
Jason Peters::BULLS ARE SO BAD
Jason Peters::Nobody is "trying" to tank this early. That's just what desperate fans say to make up for their terrible teams...Bulls just suck real bad. Teams don't start tanking till later in the season...
James Belandres::the celtics were tanking but even they end up beating garbage teams like the knicks by mistake
Isaac Gonzales::bulls 92 bucks 86 bucks still keep it close but cant hang on
Jacob Hill::good prediction sir
Monty Shathatee Broadney::the Chicago bulls need better defense but play more team defense talk more on defense tell the guards about screens down screens doubles screens they do happen they need to work in practice in ever part of defense everything about defense everything about screens
Taylor Manes::Since the bulls suck so bad...I say Bulls 74 Bucks 86 Sorry I love you bulls...I just had to say it
Mike Schillaci::bucks won't score that much
Monty Shathatee Broadney::Taylor manes what do you mean since the bulls sucks you suck you know how hard it is trying to win games every Sunday afternoon every Sunday night every Monday your playing in nba so you can't say the bulls suck i love to see you take on derrick rose one on one than we will see who suck punk
Jon Callender::LOL. Bucks fans thought they were going to win.
Michael King::F*** Chicago and all their teams
Tony Kopera::Poor loser you Milwaukee a$$ Clown.  Once loser - always a loser.  Stay in Loser State the rest of your life.  It's just a game - get over it
Adam Youman::lol you mad bro?
Sean Berniard::Lets keep the losing going boys!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::EPIC FINISH!
Joshua Hsu::usually when someone asks a question like this, they are trolling. But in all seriousness, is Hinrich one of the worst point guards to start in the NBA in many years? he is completely inept in driving the ball and his shooting has been league worst the past few weeks. thoughts?
Kyle Miller::He's just in a slump shooting the ball. He will get out of it eventually.
Adam Youman::Kyle Miller like tonight
Monty Shathatee Broadney::no
Jason Peters::And the Bucks hit the 3 just before half that will be the difference in the game....Bucks 97 Bulls 95  FINAL.... Chicago even without Deng has no business losing to this horrible Bucks team. Its official if the Bucks hang on and win this game, Chicago is the worst team in the NBA.
Rodney Sargent::Yeah right they barely will score 97 together this is nba trash
Jason Peters::HAHAHA!  And the Bucks have their first lead of the day 32-31!  The Bulls saw their 10 pt lead evaporate quickly after I showed up....Bulls actually get rolled by 17 now. Un freaking real, I don't bet on the Bulls. Chicago maintains a 7-15 pt lead all night on the Bucks.
Tommy Romeo::Absolutely no reason for this game to be close.  Bulls have plenty to win with even with the injuries and they haven't been performing.  That's on coach Thibs.
Alex Jorgensen::Nate Wolters +10 tonight.  The Bucks need a Wolters/ Knight playing time swap.  Nate makes things happen and does not turn the ball over in the process.
Prince Donald::saw that butler was starting first via my fantasy league so i signed him up and started him... thanks to tribune sports they reported it 1st an hour ago
Will Bernanke::Bulls -4  (adjusted pk for game is a lock 2nd half)  RISKING 3300 TO WIN 3000,  BOOK IT A LOCK!!!!  THIBADEAUX WILL OUTCOACH THAT FOOL DREW 2ND HALF FOR SURE 100%
Jacob Dockter::LOL. You are hilarious. brah. good luck with your 3,000 dollar bet.
Jason Peters::Will Bernake, if your actually telling the truth, you are about to be very unhappy. Bulls team in the NBA right now. Deng gets back they wont be as bad but still pretty bad...Hinrich is my boy, but if the Bulls are relying on him for their offense then they are in trouble.
Sebastian Vega::Lock huh?
Jacob Dockter::just like i have been saying before, bulls fans. Bulls will make the playoffs. The east sucks, and in this sucky year. 35 wins gets you in
Kyle Miller::Hopefully the Bucks trade Ilyasova sometime before the deadline. Henson needs to be the full time starter at PF.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Chicago has a d-league team, I don't see y they don't replace those guys with these, im sure the d team is at least twice as fast
Christian Shirley::noah and boozer are hardly d league.
Adrian DiMarcantonio::noah is dleague when he plays the heat in the playoffs. can't even score 10 pts a game and shoots under 40 %
Christian Shirley::theres so many other teams you could be trashing , that would make more sense.
Jason Peters::Sorry Bulls fans, I bet on your Bulls. Sure it all looks good now, but my bad luck will creep in eventually. Mil 95  Bulls 90 FINAL
Rodney Sargent::This is terrible basketball both coaches need to coach themselves then this terrible play
Jason Peters::Bucks have this tied with 5 mins remaining in the 2nd Qtr, Bucks take a 10 pt lead with 7 mins remaining in the game.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Losing to the Bucks twice within one week would be embarrassing for this Bulls franchise
Jason Peters::Just proves without Deng they are the worst team in the league...
Adam Youman::Jason Peters no that would be the bucks
Jason Peters::Bucks on a 12-4 run since I dropped by to pull within 1. Its obvious who the better team is..THE BUCKS!
Adam Youman::lol wisconsin thinks they are good at sports....good one
