smokeysaj::Boozer... too little, too late.
hawaiianprince12::All I can say is wow!! They've won by 29 points amazin'.
Bevente::Thibs sould have won coach of the year last year. I feel like he only didn't becuase no coach has ever won it twice in a row, which really makes no sense when you think about it. If a player can be MVP multiple times in a row, why can't there be a COY multiple times in a row?
Ed Anger::Good thing the Cavs got rid of Kevin Jones. The way they were missing shots and standing around and watching the Bulls rebound, he would probably have stepped on one of his teammates while blocking out for position. There's more to winning at basketball than just running up and down the floor like a bunch of screaming monkeys.
airmike2334::so much for "irving's gonna torch these bums"
La Verite::Thank you Bulls, keep playing in the background like this. Critics are so smart these days. No respect at all for the Bulls but so glad they respect each other. This team was embarrassed last year when Rose went down and their playing like a team is suppose to. Rose will be a great added addition back and so glad he is a team guy! And I love our bench! People that play without hesitation.
DatGuy8921::Let them talk.  They don't play the game, so why should we heed their criticisms?
CandySparker::Chic Bulls
YoungQuin88::I said this about a month ago(2weeks on bulls blog) that I have a feeling a lot of epsn writers and all the doubters are going to be eating a lot of crow this season. Attention all eastern conference teams: THERE ARE NOT, I REPEAT NOT 4 OF YOU GOOD ENOUGH TO KEEP THE BULLS OUT OF TOP 4 CONTENTION! It might not have much implications on their ability to compete for a title but the level of direspect for the Bulls and coach Thibs has been maddening. The culture he's established was what I said will remain constant on our team. With our main core of guys still intact, its a lil bit funny and I personally look forward to the Bulls proving me right, and a lot of the haters and doubters wrong as hell too. GO BULLS.
Kit Ramsey::Exactly, unlike those Pacer fans who still think they are the better team after losing to the BOBCATS, please.
bullsfanbaby::i was telling everyone the same thing, real bulls fans know this is a hardnosed grimy coached team that can only produce wins.
yardog59::It's going to be VERY tough to win the Central Division. I think the Pacers take it this year.
Kit Ramsey::Please, u can't even beat the BOBCATS and u struggled with the RAPTORS, easy second place, again!
DatGuy8921::I think the Bulls will be a tough team, but not so much the division itself.
Harden and Lin::wow cavs
extremecubfan::once D-Rose gets back at 50% all other teams in the NBA have no chance against Da Bulls.
Kit Ramsey::Hey there's no bigger Bulls fan than me, but D.Rose has to be better than 50% my man. More like 85-90%
surfzone365::Good solid road win against an energetic Cavs team.  One game at a time...  go Bulls
CHITOWNBULLS1991::BULLS!
bulls32032::nate robinson is the man, much better than jl3 keep it up nate!!!!
DatGuy8921::JLWho?????
Kit Ramsey::Exactly.
Amateur Veterinarian::deng it
jimkamlowsky::I wonder how long it will take for Tristan "I'm no JJ Hixson" Thomson to be replaced by Tyler Zellar?
bwp2bruce::Bulls playing like they got something to prove. Even Boozer is playing a little bit.
Tiberius39::I can't believe ANYONE is talking trash whilst a mere 2 games into an NBA season. It's either abject stupidity or a desperate attempt to make up for a small package. Either way, neither team will win the east. The Bulls' failure will just be drawn out a few more games when they reach the playoffs. The NBA is so top heavy that it is on the verge of WWE status. The league will do everything it can to ensure a Lebron repeat or a "redemption"-style run by the Knicks to reach the finals.
yardog59::LOL at the Knicks. Just stop!
dgpratsports::da bulls!
Kit Ramsey::Hey Metta World Peace, u still think u guys are going to break the Bulls record of 72 wins? LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Got The Jokes Haha::Come on now you cannot tell me this team is better off without rose hahaa now that is a good joke   Im talking to the guy below who said the bulls are better without rose and will finish 1st
Rick-Da-Villain::Rofl at Cavs fans talking trash earlier
rweb3::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHgdN-UdlAE
eric151770::my name is nkchicmnkadie suh.  who would like to have gay s e x with me???
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Oh and pertaining to the game, I wasn't able to watch tonight but the highlights, box score, and comments I'm seeing about it makes me happy! Go Bulls!  Great to see an offensive outburst like this from a team that so many people doubt could put points on the board without Derrick Rose.
bhawks1770::swim, swim, stab
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Nature of the sports fan I guess, to act like immature, ignorant, and arrogant little 14 year olds. Especially on these ESPN boards, you find that a little too often these days.  Show some respect. It's a game.   PS. I know these last two comments by me were ignorant but sometimes I let my disappointment in ESPN comment boards get the best of me.
bhawks1770::Red means stop  Green means go  and Yellow is the other one
eric151770::F A G
DerrickXRoseXMVP::I cannot believe how much trash Cavs fans were talking on here before the game.  Talk about trashy. Chicago put this team and its fans in their place tonight.  I just feel bad for residents of the state of Ohio and Cleveland sports fans. Depressing.
eric151770::THE MISTAKE BY THE LAKE
Mperator::Bear down Bulls!!!! Central champs, 3 seed, reasonable goal!
Robert156877::It's not a reasonable goal and we don't want it.  Division regular season championships mean nothing in the NBA.  We want to maximize our draft pick and not play MIami until the Eastern Conference Finals.  That should be the 7th seed.
ctown8686::Eat my corn infested crap
raidertatonmyarm::play like this rest of the year we end up with a top 4 seed and rose comes for the playoffs or like a month before to get back in shape until the playoffs so its important bulls win every game every game is extra importanat this year
eric151770::STOP IT!! STOP IT!! STOP IT!!!   GET ME THE HOT SAUCE, NEIL FUNK!!!!
chicago d rose::bulls def top 3 team in east
Igloo1993::Great team play from the bulls! Especially happy with Boozer! Keep it up Bulls!
lbcguy2000::Irving not so great when playing against a good defense.  Calm down on the Irving hype.
eric151770::"Kyrie Eleison on the road that I must travel..."   - Mr. Mister
eric151770::Dear Cleveland,   After all these years, you still suck.      JORDAN SHOT ON EHLO - GOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love, Chicago
ctown8686::You haven't won $@%! since I left - Jordan
eric151770::you haven't won $@%! , period!!   OOHHHH!! STOP IT STOP IT STOP IT!!!!!
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::Yea Yea
Malcyon2::Who needs Derrick Rose?
bwp2bruce::where's the dislike button?
BURNER_23::Damn, Lakers down 10, they're gonna start 0-3 LOL
BURNER_23::Two games into the season, and we're starting to see what this Bulls' roster can do. I'll admit , I'm impressed with Boozer being more agressive ( and I hope he stays consistant).. Nate's energy gets the offense going, and everyone else is being productive as well. I never wanted Brewer and Korver to go, but the new additions we got over the summer seem to fit well with the starters and Thibs. Can't wait for D ROSE TO RETURN!
BillyReayAllTheWay::Was this a fluke or is Cle. this bad?
BURNER_23::Not sure, Cleveland looked good their 1st game..
NYballer6969::It was awesome," Hamilton said. "It felt good. Everyone was catching the ball in their sweet spots."  That's what a pass first point guard should be doing . Penetrate to PASS , your teammates wide open , is always the better option to take the shot , rather then shooting on 3 guys in your face .  Result : 18 assists from your point guards , 63.8% shooting , Bulls easy win !
Agustin705::thats what rose does too but he can also attack the basket and draw fouls all while putting pressure on opposing d
DatGuy8921::Are your mentally challenged NYballer?  Rose has a huge part in this Bulls organization.  Rose ain't a chucker punk, he's an MVP winner.
NYballer6969::Don't think so ! Rose is a chucker that shoots the same percentage, equivalent to the worst yearly shooting percentage teams in the NBA  . The Bulls will finish first , w/o Rose even stepping foot on the court ! Its called unselfishness, good coaching , defense and rebounding! All nothing to do with Rose !
I Got The Jokes Haha::Sorry but it will be hard for noah to make teh allstar game because the nba took center away from the all star ballot it is Guards and Fowards/Center
DribbleDrive01::Did I see Boozer dunk in the highlight reel?!?!?!?  WOW
DatGuy8921::ALL ABOARD THE BOOZE CRUISE.
eric151770::STOP IT!! STOP IT RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!
ChicagoMoe1::Let's continue to fly under the radar Chicago. Come mid season all these commentators that ruled us out will be back on the band wagon loving Chicago! Chicago is this years sleeper team.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Bulls have a great system so they are gonna win games with whoever they put out there.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Nate &gt; Rondo
BURNER_23::Tonight, yes.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Nate has a higher PER than Rondo last season and career.
mvp9494::Thibs will get COY
shut the front door please::He got robbed last year, not that Pop didn't deserve it...but Thibs got robbed
ArianaGrande021309::Noah should make the all star team this season..Starting center
