basketball rob::Hth
Blood on the Tracks::Whoa, the Heat beat the raptors?  Wow!
i-am-you-i-am-all::i am you i am all
scratchedinside70::very glad to see Chalmers pick up his game offensively,,he iz one of the key people on oue team that isnt  playing consistent ball,,,so good game Mario keep it rolling from there!  Way to go Heat!
baseballbasketballman::This shows how the Heat lack effort against lack-luster teams like the Raptors. But you non-Heat fans, don't you hate that the Heat get away with talent other than hard-working mentality against teams like the Raptors, Kings, and the Cavs. But if they play like that, relying on talent instead of hard work they will never win a seven game series against teams like the Pacers, Bulls, and Magic.
Timmys Crossover136::Ladies and gentlemen we have an nba insider here. Knows all the secrets and the players motivation. I love how people who hate the heat pick and choose which games to comment on. 1st game against the raptors, toronto was just as motivated and put up one hell of a fight. Jus like last night.  Fans like you give less credit to lesser teams than anyone
scratchedinside70::haters have nothing to do but hate lol peace TRUE FAN!
baseballbasketballman::It's true Heat fans!!!!!!
Timmys Crossover136::Heat sans mike bibby&gt;2012 bulls..... Every......... Single........ Year! (Till the 3 retire o'course)
Ditkaheads::Championships&gt;heat every single year, lol.
Cards4071::Summer time girls got it going on, shake and wiggle to a hip hop song  Summer time girls are the kind I like, I'll steal your honey like I stole your bike.
mikedogg08::i was just trying to be a heat fan... annoying repetitive and just a d ic k.... it was fun
BillKnebel::July 2010:  "The Heat will break the 96 Bulls record of 72 wins and get 8 championships."  March 2012: "The Heat will at least win one and get the 2 seed."  - Heat bandwagon "fans"
Lomax66::Are the Celts coming into the game with a full squad tomorrow?
Bynum pulls up for 3::Oneal and Wilcox gone for the season, so umm no
FloridaGatorsForever::How am I mad, I'm not even using all caps like you.
mikedogg08::just tryin to be a heat fan for the hour..... annoying, repetitive, just a d i c k.... it was fun.... now you can see why everyone hates you guys..... being real....i know i look like a moron, but i was trying to be YOU, so being a moron was vital
FloridaGatorsForever::There's no need to get mad over an Internet conversation.
Lomax66::I never make threats. I just play along with all you all mighty wise men.
BillKnebel::All Lomax does is say schoolyard put downs instead of backing up his points with facts from the NBA. But I guess thats what you have to resort to when your NBA knowledge is severely lacking
RyanCarranza::You're the toughest though, Lomax.
Lomax66::They get mad all of the time. That is why they try to reverse it on you. It becomes obvious they are frustrated. This place is funny as hell. I get some of my best laughs in here watching internet tough guys from the midwest try their hardest.
FloridaGatorsForever::Who me? It's not getting to me. I find it funny.
RyanCarranza::No you don't... That's a typical response from someone who is annoyed.
FloridaGatorsForever::I'm not mad, I feel pretty content.
RyanCarranza::Look dude, if you want this guy to stop... then stop responding to him.  It's obvious he is getting to you.
mikedogg08::i'll sing, you dance Carlton  "its not unusual to be loved by anyone"
Lomax66::Once mikedogg is old enough to see R rated movies, we won't see him around much any longer.
mikedogg08::good one!!!   stay angry, my friends!!!!  YOU ARE SO MAD!!!!!!!
mikedogg08::excitement!!!! its funny to see little guys get all riled up.....sorry  your so mad!!!!!!!!  better?? angry little fella?
Lomax66::2016 Season Oh, but we are a better team with a better bench. We have improved. And we have a new coach. And DRose should be able to give us at least 25 games this season. And it's all about the best record. And Rip should be healthy soon. And this is the year we finally get to the finals.  ~Typical bandwagon Bulls fan~
Ditkaheads::2016 season, Heat endure another 15 win season after the 3 d.bags opt out after 3 seasons. But don't worry we will try and conclude and steal others teams stars to come to our loser crime infested craphole city.  -former bandwagon Heat fanboys converted to new team since we are front running losers.
mikedogg08::but we arent known to bandwagon, so you just sound dumb, like always.....   YOU ARE SO MAD!!!!!!
mikedogg08::FLORIDAGATORSFOREVER AND LOMAX ARE SO MAD!!!!!!!!
BillKnebel::When its all said and done, in 20 years when someone mentions Lebron, the first thing people will think of is "The Decision."  Not even championships will change that.  RUINED LEGACY.
Bynum pulls up for 3::i thought they would say...who?
23sportsplex::You do realize that you are on a comment board, on a sat., hating on a basketball player. In real life no one cares...he is a basketball player! Coming on this board and just talking trash says more about you than him. Just tells me you are not real sports fans that can just enjoy the sport, but instead are just full of nothin but hate. There is nothin wrong with commenting on this board...just kinda wierd how you guys are almost obssesed with comin on here and hatin, like you have nothing else to do but talk about LeBron even though you dont like him.
FlawlessVictoryKid14.0::Okay Heat fan. Btw you do realize you are here commenting too right?
FloridaGatorsForever::Haha, Mikedogg doesn't even know that Asik played 4 games and Brewer played 5 games in the Heat vs. Bulls ECF last year. But you're a fan.
FloridaGatorsForever::My point doesn't change anything? They still contributed to the team. If the Bulls had won, you would be praising them, even though they played and weren't healthy.
mikedogg08::bill, talking logic with these guys wont work
BillKnebel::Contributing while injured is not the same as contributing healthy.
FloridaGatorsForever::This dude said they didn't play at all. I proved that they did. That's what I proved. And I'm not mad, you're the one using all caps.
BillKnebel::So you are saying they played but you admit they were injured.  This year, if they are healthy than it will make a difference. Your "point" doesn't change anything.
Lomax66::The fact that he has been made to look like an idiot again, he likes to call others mad to try and mask the truth about himself.
Lomax66::I guess mikedoggs mommy doesn't use parental controls on her computer.
mikedogg08::YOU GUYS ARE SO MAD!!!!  it sucks when a guy knows more than you , doesnt it??
BillKnebel::Lomax, what's your mom making you for lunch?
FloridaGatorsForever::I'm an idiot yet I proved you wrong in making your statement invalid. I did my job, you lost the argument. It's okay.
mikedogg08::you proved what?? sorry carlton, you are wrong  STOP BEING SO MAD@!!!!!!!
BillKnebel::What point are you proving?  They played injured.
Lomax66::Yes you did.
FloridaGatorsForever::I'm not even mad. You bring that up, so that's how I know you've lost the argument.
mikedogg08::YOU ARE SO MAD!!!!!!!!!
mikedogg08::you are an idiot, just a little FYI, you were saying bulls didnt improve... but being healthy, is a HUGE improvement....   YOU ARE A LITTLE LOMAX!!! SO MAD!!!!
Lomax66::he keeps saying it over and over. The other Bulls trolls do similar things too. I guess it makes them feel a little better about who knows.
FloridaGatorsForever::He still played every game against the Heat in the series. Asik played four! You said they didn't even pay! HAHAHAHHA.
mikedogg08::ya, you arent angry in that post at all.... NOPE.....LOL   YOU ARE SO MAD BRO!!!!!
Lomax66::Yeah, we are all so mad. Throwing things around and stuff. What are you, like 16 or so?  God, you are stupid as hell. can't you just say something that has to do with something of the boards and just stop being the piece of meat hanging from underneath a used up donkey?
mikedogg08::rearrange answers?? wtf  YOU ARE SO MAD!!!!!!!
Lomax66::Don't bother. They always rearrange the answers to try and make themselves look right.
mikedogg08::dude, you are like lomax..... SO MAD!!!! angrly little carlton lookin dude!!!
mikedogg08::ronnie broke his fingers or hand or somehing vs the pacers and asik broke his foot in game 3..... so nice try, little man!!! game is different when healthy
BillKnebel::Just heard Lebron will be on the cover of NBA 2K13.  There gonna have "Lebron Moments" similar to the Jordan challenge.  There including all the classics.  The "8 Point" game, the "No Handshake" game, the "Elbow/Delonte" Series, the "Cough" game, "Crygate", and you also have to be swept by the Spurs.  If you complete all challenges, then you unlock gin flavored tongue kisses by gloria.
Cards4071::Derrick rose doesn't get butthurt and make a tweet saying the world is happy when he loses. Instead he goes and trains all offseason instead of goofing off and talking about joining the NFL. But hey, that's the difference between our stars
Lomax66::I don't think DRose knows how to use a computer yet.
mikedogg08::he was FORCED into one year of college..... but hey, stay IGNANT  YOU ARE SO MAD!!!!!!
Cards4071::It's just funny to me that heat fas bring up the cheating on the test thing all the time. I wouldn't count Lebron as a genius either
Lomax66::Why did he bother going to school if he was going to cheat.
mikedogg08::same as DROSE, except hitler stern made a DUMB rule
Lomax66::So what. College is to improve yourself so you can survive in the real world. Lebron got a $90 million contract before ever going Pro. Honestly, what is the reasoning he would have needed to go to college at that time?
mikedogg08::is that an insult??? LOL....   YOU ARE SO MAD BRO!!!!!
Cards4071::Derrick at least went to college...
Lomax66::Soft and hurt, and cheats on tests in school. Yep, there is a hard working stiff with honor.
Cards4071::Don't cry because we have a gracious and likable star, while you have the self-proclaimed king, who scores 8 points in a finals game. Pitiful, really.
mikedogg08::i like how they bring up his post game improving..... its his NINTH season, its aobut time he worked on his game!!!!
Cards4071::I'm excited for his 8th championship he's talking about. Hell be around 46 and wade will be 49
FlawlessVictoryKid14.0::I don't think Heat fans here realize that they come off like big jokes...damn it's just too funny..lmao!
Lomax66::Actually, you Bulls trolls are quite the jokes to many of us when you come in here starting your crap and talking sh*t. I never intend to start bashing. But when you dopes start it up, the basketball topic fades. You people can't just come here and talk game. You just come and bash the Heat, Lebron, and start with the same old jokes you all say every single day. You people don't even know how to be creative at that either. Blame yourselves for the way things get in a negative way. maybe you'll learn something and let everyone else get back to the game topics instead.
mikedogg08::you are $@% backwards, like always... you are the one that says the same jokes..... i came to talk b-ball....man, you have got to be the   MADDEST GUY IN HERE!!! its so funny!!!
mikedogg08::just remember heat fans, you guys are such morons that you think the right play at the end of the game is a haslem jumper!!!
Lomax66::Better chance of going in than a DRose shot getting blocked.
mikedogg08::good one!! LOL  YOU ARE SO MAD BRO!!!!!
BillKnebel::How many excuses does a "king" need?  1. His elbow 2. His ring finger 3. His mom is sleeping with his teammate 4. His girl is sleeping with rashad 5. His supporting cast 6. Wade is playing "Hero Ball" 7. He made the "right basketball play"  The list goes on and on.  We are all WITNESSES.
dzucca00::Hey, even car accidents need witnesses.
BillKnebel::Oh yeah he also blames the "Man upstairs" through a tweet.  Classy guy.
FloridaGatorsForever::He blames none of those on his games.
FlawlessVictoryKid14.0::Lomax66 - Bulls bandwagoners are fun to squash. I swear, most of them are the most ignorant idiots I've ever seen on here. patting each other on the back seems to make them feel better. Dumbest bag of rocks for brains to ever visit Heat land. You guys need to ease of on the grape juice. Your brains are melting.   You are too stupid..it's hilarious..lol.
FloridaGatorsForever::Yeah, Asik and Brewer did play in the playoffs last year. Are you sure you know sports? Brewer played in all five games of the series, while Asik played in all the games except game 5.
FloridaGatorsForever::Mike you were supposed to leave a long time ago...just saying...
mikedogg08::i love it... i say you dont know basketball and you talk about ME!!! i love it  YOU ARE SO MAD BRO!!!!!!! LMAO!!! we laugh at you!!!
Lomax66::Dude, you are already a pile of dog sh*t. Best you leave before you start to look even worse.
mikedogg08::supposed to?? i wanted to, cause i like talkin sports like an adult, but bashign you kids has been too easy and a lot of fun..... like gatorsforever, you didnt even know that asik and brewer didnt paly in playoffs vs you guys.... what a FAN!!! LOL..... lack of knowledge havin fans!
Lomax66::He is just mad at me because I keep reminding him how stupid he is.
Lomax66::True Chicago really showed their class on the board yesterday when they started making fun of DWades' relative that was shot,.. "in Chicago".  And to be honest, it was very expected from Bulls fans.
mikedogg08::wagin??? and im the dip poop?? LOL.... irony!!!!
BillKnebel::Diggin deep huh? Lets talk basketball.
Lomax66::See ya bandwagin idiot. Take your dipshi.t friends with you.
mikedogg08::lomax, you are a tool.... good day
mikedogg08::bulls bandwagoners?? sorry, you must be flipping the name EVERY fan base call you guys.... cause you can check attendance numbers, and we are LOYAL, that means we love our team in good and in bad.... unlike you guys..... but hey, hate on, just means YOUR SO MAD BRO!!! LOL
BillKnebel::I like the one they used last year.  "Bandwagon Heat Haters"
BillKnebel::Lomax only squashes himself.
Lomax66::Truth tends to butthurt you Bulls trolls doesn't it. Troll.
FlawlessVictoryKid14.0::You should give up on life.
GBM04::The Celtics beat the Magic and somehow the Bulls this season.I dont see any other quality wins.
Lomax66::The Celts are very experienced. The only real problem is that they are old.
RyanCarranza::I realize Miami is a very good team and they are going to be very difficult to beat in the playoffs for any team.  But that doesn't mean they are going to win.  The Bulls are just as good as the Heat and that is not debatable.  I am not saying Chicago wins no matter what!  I am not a troll... I am just saying that Chicago has just as good of a chance as Miami
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Gym time baby. See you during the Heat vs Celtics game. Oh wait, no I wont. Bandwagon fans arent around when their team loses.  Thoughts?  .
dzucca00::Dude, Miami fans are only around for the second half when they are winning!
FloridaGatorsForever::Oh, you mean Celtics fans won't be around when they lose right?
Anthony3272::JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics,  Mia is going to Kick that old Boston %$#@ Sunday!
dzucca00::And if they dont, they will definitely have plenty of excuse as to why they didnt.
Lomax66::They can just borrow excuses from those Bulls trolls. They always seem to have plenty. Most likely we'll get to hear a few good ones after the Thunder game.
Lomax66::This season is the last hurrah for the Celts. They'll be reliving the ML Carr era soon.
Anthony3272::and pack a lunch!
Lomax66::Boston better eat their Wheaties.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::cool.
Lomax66::Bulls bandwagoners are fun to squash. I swear, most of them are the most ignorant idiots I've ever seen on here. patting each other on the back seems to make them feel better. Dumbest bag of rocks for brains to ever visit Heat land. You guys need to ease of on the grape juice. Your brains are melting.
BillKnebel::Cmon Lomax.  I know you can have a post with one correct fact in it.
RyanCarranza::Gosh, you know what?  I am just gonna go ahead and waive the white flag for my own sake because your logic and understanding of the game of basketball is just too outstanding for one person to even grasp.  I tap out...
dslick34::???
RyanCarranza::You are so clever.
dslick34::The Bulls have the same team right Heat fans? So the fact the Bulls is going to be the one seed again, is making the Heat look bad.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Avery Bradley the next Bruce Bowen on defense lol. For those who dont know who that is, you'll see tomorrow
FloridaGatorsForever::Who doesn't know who Bruce Bowen is? And eh so far Avery Bradley has shown he can put up some numbers. And he's undersized to call him the next Bruce Bowen. 6'7 compared to 6'2.
dzucca00::I love how the Heat "powering by" and ""ripping" the 17 win Raptors is the 2nd headline on ESPN. This is supposed to be the Finals favorite against a 17-win team. Its not a huge margin of victory, nor is it a nail-biter. Talk about over-sensationalizing. Wow, what totally awesome, super, extra average game!!!
dzucca00::Were either of those the EPSN headliner? Obviously you missed the point of everything I was saying and are a bit bitter towards the Bulls.
FloridaGatorsForever::Shall we bring up the Bulls recent win against the Raptors? 102-101 in OT? Or their 12 point win the game before the OT game. Which is the same margin of victory as the Heat last night. OMG.
mikedogg08::lets bring up the bucks??? ya...... SHHHHHHHHHHH
Lomax66::Things like that always seem to get ignored.
dzucca00::Yea it is. And Im a NY fan so Im used to this kind of thing but come on.
RyanCarranza::It's the "Heat Index" ...
GBM04::neat
GBM04::RyanCarranza, I was talking about the Celtics, not the Bulls.
RyanCarranza::Gotcha... That's neat
GBM04::always
BillKnebel::This morning has kinda been like Lomax's "The Decision."  This dude is crucifying himself.
Lomax66::Bill is still mad that he has been owned by,.. me,.. and  a few others laughing at him.
RyanCarranza::Yes, laughing is considered "owning"?  Are you 15 years old with a 75 year old mans name?
mikedogg08::even heat fans have to hate him.... hes wrong about most things
mikedogg08::dont forget he has no idea about b-ball before 2010....ask him about june 2010, he will tell you , he didnt start following till july
BillKnebel::Ya like I was at the guy saying kobe lost 4.
RyanCarranza::It's everyday
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Since Heat fans enjoy bringing up the past when referring to the Bulls, lets not forget....  Dallas vs Miami 4-2. But that was last year right? Its a new season right? Oh I forgot, its only a new season for the Heat. Bulls havent changed at all. lol
FloridaGatorsForever::Yeah they lost the finals, but swept them this year by dominating them. Yeah it's not in the Finals, but it'll suffice.
Anthony3272::You still trolling the Heat boards since last night what a freckin LOSER!!!!
Anthony3272::It hurts little boy :(
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::You still cant handle the truth and resort to trying to insulting me by using false information. And Im the loser?
FlawlessVictoryKid14.0::It's true ...lol....Heat fans barely come to support their team, and they have 3 SUPERSTARS! Jesus Christ..lol. The crowds at a Miami game look like the crowd you would of seen at a Clipper's game before CP3 and Blake came along. And when you do see Heat fans...they give the most pathetic support I have ever seen. They don't even try rallying their team or anything. Heck when things get tough they leave during the break...hahaha.
fairandbalanced00::obviously you have never been in Miami, there are not subways, not space to park in a condensed spot right next always busy US1 espcially in rush hour.
GBM04::Its Miami,im sure thee are better things to do than sit in an arena for 3-4 hours.
RyanCarranza::Please don't ever compare Miami to Chicago.  It's embarrassing on your part
Anthony3272::Yea, Love the Chicago beaches real NICE!
Lomax66::I have lived in Chicago. Nothing special. Plenty of better places to live.
GBM04::I doubt it.
RyanCarranza::Miami is crime free?
GBM04::Not for long with all the murders these past couple months...
RyanCarranza::Miami is hardly a city... Come to Chicago.  A real city
mikedogg08::they are all on here during the game....s o obviously not
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::The Heat will struggle against the top defensive teams in the East come playoff time, Chicago and Boston.
GBM04::I still havent seen them beat good teams on a consistant basis.
RyanCarranza::Chicago hasn't beat Miami this year?
GBM04::?????????
GBM04::when??
RyanCarranza::It's also kinda hard to beat a top team when you are the top team, son.
RyanCarranza::MIAMI
GBM04::Sure I am,they havent beat a top team.
RyanCarranza::Then you are not watching
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::you'll get to see in April
FloridaGatorsForever::Miami also has a defense JB.
Lomax66::Sure thing Miss Cleo.
RyanCarranza::Nobody said Rose is better than Lebron James, you obviously don't know the meaning of the MVP award
mikedogg08::you are so mad bro......LOL
Lomax66::How ironic that some of the voters didn't even have Lebron on their ballot, yet many sports analysts thru the country say Lebron was better in just about every phase of the game. lebron was punished last year because some were mad. Rose was not better than Lebron, and I'd say the same thing no matter who Lebron played for.
RyanCarranza::How ironic... Coming from the guy who thinks 114 out of 120 MVP voters are wrong about last years decision.
GBM04::Chicago i can see but not Boston.Miami is too athletic.
Lomax66::Maybe you better go look at Miamis offensive efficiency. And half court efficiency too. For all those that have decided the Heat are terrible at it.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::And Boston has one of the most efficient offenses in the league.
GBM04::The thing i cant stand is seeing a team like Toronto not give the same effort in every game like they did last night.
Lomax66::They sure was putting double scares to the Bulls the other 2 days
FloridaGatorsForever::Some of you guys on here, lack knowledge in general. It's not just a certain fan of a team.
FloridaGatorsForever::Everyone's entitled to their opinion, so when I don't agree with you doesn't mean I have zero knowledge. Second, are you saying Asik and Brewer weren't there when you had your recent 106-102 victory against the Heat or weren't there during the playoffs? Because I'm sure both Brewer and Asik played in the playoffs last year.
mikedogg08::they werent there in playoffs vs you... so when you say you have knowledge, but dont recall the players playing in the ECF, its hard for me to take YOU serious....
FloridaGatorsForever::Oh, and if they were a 3.5 team they wouldn't have eliminated you in 5 games. Come on, a team of 11 should realistically beat a team of just 3.5 right?
mikedogg08::asik and brewer were not there.... so our back up CENTER and our second best perimeter defender.... pretty important, right?? mr knowledge
RyanCarranza::That was last year... Your full strength heat team lost to a Bulls bench this year.  Think about that for a second.
FloridaGatorsForever::Hahaha, so tell me how I don't know basketball? I'm pretty sure I do. I don't remember every saying anything that showed I had zero knowledge in knowing the NBA, or basketball in general for that matter. And I don't "think" I know basketball, I do know basketball.
fairandbalanced00::and bull fans seem to have a little bit of amnesia when asked on who ended your season last year and in what aspect has your bulls improved this season that gives you the crazy idea they will beat the Heat in a 7game series.
Lomax66::RyanCarranza  You and your troll buddies are the reason many Heat fans have no respect for Bulls fans.
mikedogg08::huge leads late.... couldnt buy a bucket.... bricked tons of shots.... had some open looks.... and YES heats D had a lot to do with it... but you dont think bulls blew some games?? get a clue
RyanCarranza::Lomax... You are the reason nobody respects the Heat.
Lomax66::Yeah right. Bulls blew 2 games. Why isn't it Miami took those games? Fraud homers. You can't give the Heat any credit for kicking your as.s. Yet you want Heat fans to respect the Bulls?
RyanCarranza::Nobody is denying who knocked us out.  Here is my "crazy" idea... The Bulls win because they are an 11 man team as opposed to a 3.5 man team.  They are better defensively, rebounding and their scoring efficiency is rated 3rd with Rose on the floor as opposed to 15th last year.  The team can win without Derrick, obviously...  The Heat are not invincable
mikedogg08::they were young.... and remember bulls BLEW two of those games and had HUGE leads late.... so you dont think a YOUNG team can mature and not let that happen?? or are you just HOPING they didnt improve?
FloridaGatorsForever::I'm pretty sure I know basketball when it comes to the NBA.
mikedogg08::and YOU are the only one who thinks that as well!
RyanCarranza::So in all honesty and logic... Who do you have winning the title and why?
mikedogg08::i agree, but you and lomax take the cake
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Lomax66, you clearly have ZERO basketball knowledge. Why are you here? To stand up for a team you've been a fan of since 2010?
Lomax66::I am busy laughing at what you say. It is like those ignorant bandwagoner Bulls fans are rubbing off on you.
mikedogg08::saturday morning cartoons for my kids... im here....
RyanCarranza::I'm not on here when games are playing, I often go to games.
Lomax66::That means nothing. Why aren't "you" at the games then instead of being on here when the games are playing?
mikedogg08::LOL.... lomax is obvioulsy about 6... let him be..... nap time is soon
RyanCarranza::Bandwagon?  Bulls lead in attendance record well before our MVP arrived on the scene.  Your Miami Heat cannot even fill the stadium with 3 all stars
Lomax66::I wonder if D Rose will still be faking injury tomorrow so he doesn't have to get schooled by a better point guard on national TV
GBM04::These guys dont fake injuries.
RyanCarranza::Russell Westbrook is a not a better PG than Derrick Rose.  His MVP trophy, 22 pts per game with 8 assists per game stat line prove that.
BillKnebel::Mikedogg,  man Lomax has been "owning" us all day LMFAO!  Lomax is proving our points right all day.  GARBAGE Heat "fan"
mikedogg08::114 voters out of 120 said DROSE was.... but lets just take YOUR opinion.....LOL
RyanCarranza::No it hasn't Lomax.  It hasn't... You are delusional bandwagon fan
Lomax66::His gift. Lebron was far away better last year than DRose. That has already been proven.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::He's been faking an injury for 3 weeks? How do you sound right now...
RyanCarranza::Why would anyone fake an injury?  Just stop trolling...
Lomax66::F**k off. Go back to your bandwagon Bulls board.
mikedogg08::i wonder what time your mom puts you down for nap time
mikedogg08::its funny when heat fans say stuff like drexler was on hakeems first ring, then you call them out and they OWN  you??? LMAO!!! some little guys with some serious inferiority complexes...
GBM04::I'll admit I wasnt a huge basketball fan until Jordan arrived then didnt like any 1 team when he retired.Lebron got me interested again but i still watch as many games as I can.
mikedogg08::you epitomize heat fans
GBM04::Dont lump us all in together.
mikedogg08::i would like not to lump you all together, but the majority of you guys suck, so its hard..... i would love to have an good b-ball convo about the ECF, but some people would rather have a pissing contest
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::The Heat have a backup PG backing up another backup PG. Cant wait to see Rondo abuse them again tomorrow. Already has one triple double against these clowns once this season
FloridaGatorsForever::Don't bring up Rondo abusing our PGS that game, then when someone asks who won the game, then say you don't care about that game. Come on dude. It seems you care about the game since you brought up Rondo having a triple double.
Lomax66::Garnett will be bent over hands on knees screaming "Wheres the Beef?"!
fairandbalanced00::didn't the celtics wanted to trade rondo?
Lomax66::And who won that game?
mikedogg08::hes a heat fan, they dont follow sports.... only go to the cool thing to do
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Celtics have one of the best records since the all star break. Do you even follow the NBA?
Lomax66::Oh yeah? How so? Will they be carrying air tanks on their backs so those old geisers can breathe when Miami starts running?
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::I dont care about that game. Celtics are much improved since then
GBM04::Should be a great game.... oops, i said something without insulting anyone.
fairandbalanced00::debrick rose will CHOKE against the Heat again in the playoffs, but he will improve his fg% from late 20's to low 30's against the Heat. Debrick rose is the true CHOKER.
fairandbalanced00::never hate, just facts, need to learn that, didn't debrick get outperformed last time they met the Heat in the playoffs? don't you, the true haters, judge Lebron with the same measuring stick? Fact is the bulls won't beat the Heatles with debrick rose in the lineup. just fact.
BillKnebel::So what? he's been injured and will be rested for the playoffs, which is a good thing because the Bulls already have the #1 seed.
fairandbalanced00::Oh yeah? what has debrick improved this year, could you tell me that? the only thing I see different from debrick is that this season he is getting injured a lot. everything else is the same, erratic shooter, can't defend and commits lots of turnovers for a pg....what an improvement.
BillKnebel::Saying "fact" after an opinion doesn't make it a fact.
mikedogg08::one time... kid is y oung.. but hey, be ignorant, you are good at it
mikedogg08::you are right.... you cant call bron the TRUE choker, cause lets be honest, hes not TRUE to anything.... a yankees, cowboys and BULLS fan.... all teams that won multiple titles in the 90's, he has always been an UNLOYAL front runner
BillKnebel::Lomax, the only thing you own today is the "dumb NBA fan of the day" award.  How many incorrect facts can you post?
mikedogg08::own?? LOL.... its ok....
Lomax66::You are just mad because I own you, and a few other just might too. I think we will give you to Goodwill. Someone can surely use you as back up toilet paper.
BillKnebel::Lomax go read up about the NBA before 2010 on wikipedia and don't come back til you are finished.  You 're making a fool of yourself today.
mikedogg08::i have to spread knowledge to those in need.... .you are my tax write off for charity
GBM04::lol, that too
Lomax66::You said you were leaving. get out.
mikedogg08::neat!
GBM04::got it
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::you make hating look like a form of art
Lomax66::You have been getting better at it too
BillKnebel::Another heat "fan" with "insight"
BillKnebel::ESPN really needs to have an index for NBA fans with knowledge.  They should have to pass a test and then can be sent a password.
Lomax66::That counts you out.
mikedogg08::go look up DREXLER, CLYDE..... and then get back to  us
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::40% of Heat fans are homosexuals, they actually have a gay Heat nation,in support of Chris Bosh I guess  40% of Heat fans are "fans" since 2010, also know as bandwagon fans  10% of Heat fans are actually Heat fans
Lomax66::Celtic fans==99% gay old people Celtic fans= 1% Bill Russell
mikedogg08::funny how you knwo bill russell but didnt follow the nba in 1995
GBM04::Well, im not gay sooooo
mikedogg08::lets be honest... i came in to talk b-ball and heat fans are so inferior in knowledge and  facts they just talk $@%!.... it really  just shows that you are punks and horrible fans.... im out.... hey heat fans COME ON TIME, STAY THE WHOLE GAME, CHEER LOUD and please stay the F off your phone.... ya, thanx
GBM04::neat
RyanCarranza::Here we go again...  You're neat
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Can someone explain to me how the Heat are better than last year?
FloridaGatorsForever::And just because they aren't better doesn't mean they aren't playing at the high level they were last year.
FloridaGatorsForever::I guess  you can say they've added to their team. You know Turiaf and Battier for defensive purposes. Cole is now a reliable backup to Chalmers. (Amid his recent slump) and the teams seems to know what their identity is. The same question can be asked about the Bulls. How are they better than last year?
GBM04::Theyre probably not better but still the favorite to get to the Finals.
GBM04::Does the team with the best record win the title every year??
RyanCarranza::How can they be with the 3rd best record and not #1 in any of the categories?
RyanCarranza::They have better chemistry this year for sure, but other than that... Not too much.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Not really..
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::I think Kevin Durant will win the MVP this year, espeacially if he outperforms Lebron in a head-to-head matchup again
BillKnebel::So do I and DRose
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Rose has missed too many games to be considered for the award in my opinion
FloridaGatorsForever::I'm tired of Bulls fans saying "we have a better team than last year" well same with the Heat. The Heat added players and they are contributing. What has RIP done? Not a thing for your team.
FloridaGatorsForever::When the Heat are actually focused, their defense is suffocating.
FloridaGatorsForever::No one's "ignorant" I've seen the Bulls play this year. And honestly outside of Rose, who can constantly give you 20-25 points a night? And Ronnie Brewer? He's giving you 7.5 ppg off the bench. I'm just stating it won't be a cakewalk like some Bulls fans keep saying.
dslick34::Why are you focusing on them two games? Teams have letdowns. You do remember the Bucks right?
Lomax66::Hence the struggling against the Raptors 2 games in a row, among many other games.
RyanCarranza::Sorry, but you are forgetting one element here that plays a huge factor... DEFENSE!!!!  Thibs has these boys buying into a defensive system that smothers teams into giving up the ball or taking stupid shots.  Hence the rebounds margin and now scoring efficiency improvement since last year.
Lomax66::Those Bulls trolls have been completely brainwashed.
dslick34::Up to this point, I basically agree. But come playoff time Rip will be fresh. Really the Bulls has a slight advantage in their favor because the Bulls have played very little with their true starters.
Lomax66::Rip was dumped by Detroit, a suck team. But to the Bulls fans, he is the next coming of Jordan.
dslick34::Not at all, a disadvantage for the opposition in terms of how to defend, as their used to certain personnel and sets being ran. That all changes when Rip and Rose is on the floor in comparision to Lucas and Watson or Brewer.
Lomax66::Rip was dumped by Detroit, a suck team. But to the Bulls fans, he is the next coming of Jordan.
fairandbalanced00::hahahah, rip being fresh?? a 34yr old player who hasn't played in a while is going to be in game shape as soon as he is ready and run with the much younger competition, I hear the panic button for bull fans.
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::that sounds like a disadvantage. lack of chemistry
Lomax66::Bulls bandwagoners must be so tired of having to watch youtube to remember what it was like to be a winner.
Lomax66::I've been a Heat backer since the day the city was awarded a franchise.
mikedogg08::july 2010'ers.... hilarious
mikedogg08::what has thibs done?? or how about ronnie brewer will be there, he wasnt last year and his shot is vastly improved... but hey , stay ignorant
23sportsplex::wha...? Brewer has always been good, since the jazz.
fairandbalanced00::bull fans need to understand that Miami Heat took care of your bulls in 5games last time they were in a playoff series, pretty much you have the same players. your so called bench mob? where were they last year and how different is from this year? Don't you see that? your bulls are the same from last year. Come playoff time chicago will get a reality check by the HEAT.
fairandbalanced00::Oh yeah, we've seen debrick rose improve a whole lot this year, reality check, debrick rose hasn't improved in any aspect of his game, name one improvement, I see the same player with the only exception that he is getting injured a lot. Fact is Lebron,DWade and especially CBosh will give your bulls a reality check.
FloridaGatorsForever::The Heat have a bench this year, btw.
RyanCarranza::No they don't... The Bulls bench dismantled the starting line up
Cards4071::All teams are required to have a bench of at least 7 players... But 13 points like last night is not gonna cut it.
dslick34::Oh ok.
dslick34::That all sounds great, but this is a new season under different circumstances. It's all about depth and being healthy overall as a team. The Heat better hope the bench starts to come around, because the big three aint going to be on top of their game every night.
mikedogg08::you are right... a 22 yr old MVP cant grow EVER.... and a first year coach couldnt get better... man, you are soooooo right.... we should just go home now.... thanx
mikedogg08::cant wait for the playoffs, and better yet, the ECF.... bulls heat should be a blood bath.... cant wait!!!
Dem_Canes_Man::love the "blood bath" reference.
mikedogg08::gonna be some nasty D played, i would imagine....
