ConvicedSince06_JamesGang::***PSA***THIS BOARD IS NOW WHITE HOT.....AND THE HEAT IS ON.....BE VERY AFFRAID....THE PLAYOFFS ARE ALMOST HERE!!!
zinkerled::I personally guarantee Cleveland will win a championship before the Heat win another one.
YenxRenx::You guys already tried that...how'd it work out? heck, the heat will win another title before the Cavs have a .400+ season..lol
YenxRenx::Well, I predicted this with the first post on this game. I'm a genius. i always know when Kyrie will lose! My God, how do I do it?   lol
JDunifon3::The ESPN board is one of the saddest places on the internet for sports, and you're part of the reason why.
RETURN_OF_X39::Im glad Kobe is sitting at home watching his Lakers unravel, and Jerry Buss is eating worms..The .Lakers knew that once Bynum's knees were rested after the season, they weren't gonna come back. They traded us damaged goods, so I'm glad Mr.Bryant is done for good. Enjoy watching the Heat win another one, your time is done. Everyone knows the Lakers stole a season and more from us, so heres to them never winning another title. And as for Bynum, I hope whatever half of a knee he has left powderizes into dust, and that no NBA team is dumb enough to even think about signing him.
vandeman34::If Cavs are not tanking and just playing bad they should amnesty Kyrie
Beanslams46::Sixers are sending a message to the league. I'm not sure what that message is, though.
JohnsonnnL::This is my  list of things that I would say need to happen for the Cavs to be a playoff team next season. 1. Overall team defense needs to vastly improve. 2. Need to hit on draft picks 3. Team needs to stay relatively healthy  4. Individual improvements from Irving, Waiters, Thompson, and Zeller 5. Team rotation is stabilized
YenxRenx::Cavs need to get rid of Kyrie the ballhog. Kyrie is incapable of playing team ball.
brandonstephensy::Perkins+PJ3 for ur draft pick
Effectful::We need to draft a big, Zeller should be coming off the bench at best.
JohnsonnnL::I agree he has been getting abused all year.
oldcoach1961::Zeller is so soft
steve mctowelie::he looks lost too.
Crow_Barbasol::I hate kyrie for fantasy games. He always sucks when i pick him
steve mctowelie::so you admit you are the reason he has bad games
oldcoach1961::KEVIN JONES IS GETTING BETTER AS HE IS GETTING MORE TIME 11points and10 rebounds
steve mctowelie::ive been calling for him to get more minutes all year.they should have been playing him after the all star break just to see what he has
oldcoach1961::He can play
The Legendary Bobcats::Caviliers need to learn how to play like a damn team. Yeah, I know, 22 assist but they needs to learn how to $@%!$@% cut to the basket, set offball screens, and do the small stuff. Make the easy pass everyone on this team wants to be a hero.
xBombScience::Delete
xBombScience::Everyone makes the same comments about team play the question is what team?  Has anyone paid attention to how many diffrent starting line ups we have had to use this season due to various injuries and trades.  We easily lead the league in new rotations for a season.  Its like everyone fails to realize just because we got a few good picks doesnt mean were out of rebuild mode once the roster stabalizes over the next year well see much better team play ( as long as we can avboid another injury plagued season).  And someone please tell me when the last time they saw a bunch of first an second years guys playing great defense on an nba level they are fewer then they are many thats for sure and most don't come with the offensive upside as the drafts picks we chose do.  By all means im not saying this is what i want to see but  when our team average is 4 years in the league and 4 of 5 starters are just now getting there first full season under their belt, its not very reasonable to expect them to play like a vet team together.
Effectful::More like play defense lol.
My Dandy Candy::Well at least that game was more interesting than watching paint dry... barely.
rnathan2::NOBODY CARES ABOUT THIS GAME
Japmanpreet::yep lol
the.city.::lols i wanted to see kyrie doing some nifty around the rim work. sigh
phillyman08::get the fans some big macs!!
the.city.::spencer hawes could be the best back up center in the league!
syracusebball23::Kyrie will be a fulltime stud next year. Dion will have improved and matured a lot. Hopefully we'll get a top 3 SF in the draft. Thompson is a solid double-double PF. And Varejao is as good a defensive center as any. I honestly feel like a playoff spot next year is ours for the taking. But then again this is cleveland...
My Dandy Candy::We need a much deeper bench but I've been convinced by some very smart Cavs fans on here that it's a serious possibility.  If Kyrie can shake the injury bug that has plagued him over his first two years, then there is a lot to be excited about next season if you're a Cavs fan.
calinative 3.0::Sixers are good!
steve mctowelie::the cavs have the ability to make anyone look like world beaters on any  given night
IggyIsClutch::Haha
Ryan12508::The Cavs are so bad hahaha. Can we just cut everyone besides Kyrie, Waiters, and maybe Thompson?
xBombScience::Oh and the fact that you didn't put livingston and jones on that list is a joke. Livingston has beern a stud of a back up for us i would love to lock him down as our back up pg for the next few years. Jones is on the books for nothing and in the few minutes hes gotten hes showing he has a place on this team untill his contract outweighs his talent.
xBombScience::Maybe thomas ? do you even watch the games  TT is already one of the top offensive reabounders in the nba finishing top 5 in his first two seasons.  His hook shot is comming along nice, more post moves will come , and he crashes the boards hard dude is already showing his ability to be a double double machine.  He'll only bew better with another offseason with big Z and hopefully the addition of a real center to take some pressure off him to protect the rim and allowing him to step out more on offense.
brandonstephensy::thats how the thunder did it...cut down everyone except durant/westbrook/ibaka/harden/jeff  green and collison....
xBombScience::thats what the cavs plan has been all along most our bench is expiring deals that were using to clear cap space or picked up to gain picks these kids just don't bother to look at contracts.
jhsu210::yes please. casspi does NOT need to be getting minutes at all. jeez, let the kids who might be able to help next year play!
My Dandy Candy::Casspi is terrible.  I made the mistake of thinking he would flourish with more playing time last year.  I was very wrong.  I really hope he's gone next year.
jhsu210::should ellington be in the NBA right now? seems like so many guys that deserve a chance to play, yet he continues to get unproductive minutes.
steve mctowelie::some nights yes and some nights not so much
The Legendary Bobcats::LOL @ Irving jeez can he stay out of foul trouble?
the.city.::wonder why he didn't get pulled after that charge
JohnsonnnL::You say this like hes in foul trouble every game
phillyman08::sixers fans...who should we get in the draft? It's looking like we will be the 11th or 12th pick. I think Zeller could be an option there, but he won't work in the NBA in my opinion
gold1035::gary harris if he enters the draft
cory hanna::Mccollum or McGary(if he comes out)
Effectful::McGary fouls A LOT.
cory hanna::2014 draft is where u might actually get a superstar and if Sixers dont do everything possible to stink and maybe even get another 1st rd pk, than we have NO HOPE
phillyman08::Andrew Wiggins reminds me of lebron, Jabari Parker reminds me of carmelo, Aaron Gordon reminds me of blake griffin. Those 3 have HUGE star potential
Effectful::Aaron Gordon looks like he could be very very very good.
mrose1023::cavs lose by less than 20?
pico2013::wow sixers are winning this game, is Bynum back?
Effectful::Nope Cavs are just tanking.
Vander Sway::http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm-ViInMmlw
Yata-garasu::I will glued to the TV when the Lakers/Jazz play the next few days.  If we get another top 15 pick that would be awesome.
My Dandy Candy::Glad you brought that up.  I almost forgot that Cleveland has a lot riding on that game.
steve mctowelie::hope the both lose out. who has the tiebreak if the end up tied
steve mctowelie::damn not what i wanted to hear
Yata-garasu::Jazz.
Yata-garasu::Can't wait for the draft....  No reason to fire Scott.  If they don't start to win next year there is something wrong.  I would love a defensive player like Oladipo/Noel and would be fine with Porter.  GG Sixers!
JohnsonnnL::Depending on what happens this off season I think the Cavs make the playoffs.
Yata-garasu::The Sixers also lost a lot pieces when they dealt for Bynum.  They might playoff team but it will be tougher with the Cavs/Wizards on the rise.  And if Bynum resigns....
My Dandy Candy::Well I'll certainly take a spot in the playoffs next season.  We can't keep tanking every year.  We need to nail the draft this year, because if the Cavs don't and end up taking the 8th seed, we won't be able to get much of anything next year (in the draft that is).  It really all rides on this draft and how we do next season.
JohnsonnnL::Cavs don't have to be at the level OKC was at their first playoff appearance, I think they had 50+ wins. Cavs just have to be good enough to get 8th in the east. look at Milwaukee's record right now.
My Dandy Candy::Thanks for the list.  I'll do a little homework and see what they have to offer. I really want the Cavs to do well.  I love Kyrie and the fan support is still extremely high for a team that sucks as bad as we have the past few years.
Yata-garasu::Porter(all around SF).  Oladipo(Tony Allen like defender at SG and can defend the 3).  Noel(Chandler/Davis mixture).  They can all help.
My Dandy Candy::It's not impossible for us to be a playoff team next season.  But my question to you is that do you see two players in the top 15 that we could draft that would make that impact for us?  I really don't know personally because I don't follow college basketball.
Yata-garasu::I compare them like this based off their first few years:  Irving's first 2 years&gt;Durant's first two year both franchise players.  Westbrook=Waiters in their first year(both shot low % and struggled).  Thompson&gt;Ibaka his first few years.  We still have this years top 5 and top 15...
My Dandy Candy::Could we draft a guy like him?  Maybe, but Durant is a once in a lifetime player.  We need to strike gold in the draft this offseason to get on the level OKC was on before they broke out.
My Dandy Candy::Irving is better than Westbrook IMHO.  Thompson has showed flashes of brilliance.  But Waiters has a ways to go before he will be nearly as good as Harden.  But the major difference between CLE and OKC back then is Durant.  We just don't have anyone who can do what he can.
Yata-garasu::OKC won less than 24 games their first 2 years.  Irving/Waiters/Top5 pick/Thompson/Zeller/Varejao/Top15 pick(Hopefully) is right there with OKC and Harden/Westbrook/Durant/Ibaka.
My Dandy Candy::I have a close friend that feels the same way as you, but I just don't know if we will have enough talent on the bench to be competitive.  We definitely need to resign Ellington &amp; Livingston.  I really hope I'm wrong, but I just don't see the Cavs as being as talented as OKC was before they made their big jump.
Yata-garasu::The Cavs WILL be a playoff team next year.  I say that because of NBA history and previous lottery teams in their 3rd year + Scott's success in the 3rd year.  We need to resign Ellington/Livingston at least for the bench.  OKC did it in their 3rd year.  So will the Cavs.
My Dandy Candy::As for Bynum, I don't know what to think about him.  Will he demand a max contract after missing the whole year?  I wouldn't want to give him that, but as you said the 6ers gave up a ton to get him.
My Dandy Candy::The Wizards will be a threat next season for sure.  Unfortunately I think the Cavs are still two seasons away from being truly a threat for the playoffs.
My Dandy Candy::Agreed, Scott should get one more season to show improvement.   As for the Sixers, I'm surprised they aren't better.  I know Bynum being out has A LOT to do with that, but they have some really good players.  As long as they can get some decent pieces in the draft and free agency, there really is no reason to think the 6ers can't make the playoffs next season.
My Dandy Candy::The Cavs would be completely stupid to fire Byron Scott after this season.  There isn't a single decent coach in the NBA or College Basketball that would take that job.  The best they could do would be bringing back Mike Brown... and NO THANKS.
steve mctowelie::i think he is signed through next year and the team has an option for the year after
steve mctowelie::have a good night
My Dandy Candy::So very true.  Goodspeed to you and thanks for helping me pass the time during this very boring game.
steve mctowelie::back at you. its hard to have discussions without someone saying your town, team, you suck
My Dandy Candy::I'm glad there are fellow Cavs fans like you.  You have a great level of insight, and it has been a pleasure discussing all this with someone so knowledgeable.  Certainly hard to find on ESPN message boards...
My Dandy Candy::Agreed.  I don't see a contender that could make that move, but a lot could change over the off season. As long as we have him we have a valuable trade asset and a player that fires up his teammates as well as the fan base.  It really is hard to put a number on the value Andy has to this team.
steve mctowelie::yeah  i would want nba ready players not all picks
My Dandy Candy::I bet the same thing happens next year.  He always seems to be at the top of the Cavs trading block.  Would only want to see him traded if we could get a solid package in return.  But Andy is such a spark plug, he would be very very hard to replace.  If we keep him and he does well next year, he should greatly help our playoff chances.
steve mctowelie::i think they were shopping him because he was our most tradable asset.plus he makes around 10 mil. had he been healty they could have gotten a lot in return. i think any contender would love to have him
My Dandy Candy::My fault, thought he was a free agent after this season.  That's why I thought they were considering trading him before he went down with the injury.
YogaBeer::bottom line, the team doesn't play D, there has been little to no improvement, although there have been some games where injury has been an issue the match-ups have been bad at best, TO as to when the have them and when they should have them have been a head scratcher, players utilized have been called out many times and during TOs in crunch time, Scott just tells them to give the ball to Kyrie.
My Dandy Candy::Andy was having a career year before going down.  Losing him was a damn shame.  Do you believe the Cavs will make a serious push to keep him next season?  They should, but I wonder if Andy has had enough of the rebuild.  He deserves to play on a contender.  Question is does he believe in what the front office is doing?
steve mctowelie::i think the injuries did derail whatever plans they had. losing andy hurt the team d (which was bad to begin with) our rebounding and i think team hustle and chemistry too.then kyrie and waiters takes most of our scoring punch when they are out.
My Dandy Candy::You brought up a good point before too.  We shouldn't just keep Scott bc we can't get anyone better.  I just wish we knew what the Cavs were actually trying to do this season.  Gilbert and Grant have made that very unclear for us fans.
steve mctowelie::oh snap.well said . you gave me something to think about. for the record i dont think scott is bad.not sure if firing him is right either. but i could understand if they did
My Dandy Candy::Well I guess the real question would be is Cleveland really tanking, or trying to get the most out of the talent they have?
steve mctowelie::My Dandy Candy - My problem with people who want to fire Scott is that they believe the Cavs should be doing better than they are, but they have very little talent on that team.  Blame that on Chris Grant, not Byron Scott,.  there is talent on this team. the question is does management think the coach is getting the most out of it?
My Dandy Candy::My problem with people who want to fire Scott is that they believe the Cavs should be doing better than they are, but they have very little talent on that team.  Blame that on Chris Grant, not Byron Scott,.
steve mctowelie::My Dandy Candy - Who else could the Cavs replace him with?  I don't see anyone worth a damn taking that job.  thats not a good reason to keep him. i think with all the picks and cap space they will be able to woo some better coaches
My Dandy Candy::Who else could the Cavs replace him with?  I don't see anyone worth a damn taking that job.
My Dandy Candy::He deserves a fair shot with a decent team.  Something he hasn't had the entire time he's been here in Cleveland.  Scott is a solid head coach with a little bit of talent.
YogaBeer::For the Cavs;  Otto Porter Alex Len Giannis Adetokoubo
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::why the $@%! wont the sixers tank
YogaBeer::tanking will stop in 2013-14 season as we march toward dynasty on the north shore.
steve mctowelie::i hope so
Brothers1759::It's impossible to tank VS the Cavs...they are terrible.  And the Cavs are experts at tanking.  They gave been doing it since John Lucas was the coach.   They have it down to a science.
steve mctowelie::i think that being able to tank if it nessesary is a question cavs management asks all head coaching candidates.
My Dandy Candy::I understand you're a Cavs fan and all, but seriously?  We've been tanking since Bron Bron left.  Why would we try and make the playoffs when our talent is nowhere close to competing with the best teams?
Brothers1759::Is Shabazz Muhammad the best fit for the Cavs?  Maybe they will strike lottery gold again and land the #1 and Nerlens Noel....?  If they drat Cody Zeller I will vomit.
xBombScience::cavs don't take shabazz id put my life on that statement one.  Shabazz is an on ball guy we have no place for another on ball player on our backcourt  irving is already one of the best ball handlers in the nba, and waiters has a touch of combo gaurd aswell.  This year will be all off ball and defense.  Besides shabazz is this years drummond hes could be melo 2.0 all points no stat line,  or he could be Bust with a capital B once he isnt the only one touching the ball.
YogaBeer::Shabazz isn't in any mock draft's top 10.    I hope not.
My Dandy Candy::They won't, Shabazz looks like a lock as long as the lottery doesn't buttf**k us.
steve mctowelie::cody was the one they thought they were drafting this year...oops
pokernut87::this team is shi.t from top to bottom, telegraph every pass, also tough when refs are against u
Brothers1759::Team is so poorly put together...just think how BAD they would be if the Grizzlies didn't GIVE them Ellington and Spegihts for NOTHING...
Jordan 4586::waiters was a solid pick
steve mctowelie::lets hope the cavs dont mess up with all these picks
My Dandy Candy::It's called tanking.  Philly will be doing it very soon.
Brothers1759::LOL...  Leuer is shooting 65% and has a PER of 18 in Memphis....in 93 minutes...haha.  I get it was a cost cutting deal, but the Cavs got a 1st round pick too...and Speights can play.  He is so underrated.
steve mctowelie::hey the griz thought jon leuer was the missing piece to a championship team. they are lucky the cavs only wanted ellington and speights
Carmelo_anthony_gets_laid_daily::you no its sad when your getting spanked by the 76ers......
Herkaleez::Will work for food  -Byron Scott
pokernut87::byron scott is the ultimate, "im so happy to live in a white man's world" he refuses to complain to refs, his hands always in his pockets, he doesnt teach, hes just happy to get huge paycheck and shuts his mouth
steve mctowelie::he knows he is gone. so he doesnt give a damn
pokernut87::the whole team looks for irving to do everything, no shooters, no toughness, they just look to kyrie and hope he can do everything
mikeperfect43::i'm surprised they might score more than 10 for the quarter
steve mctowelie::they are all ready to be done with the season
pokernut87::if cavs coach were white he would have been fired weeks ago, such an undisciplined team
mikeperfect43::though sshiit was the word
mikeperfect43::10 point quarter for the cavs is a lock here
lawdog1187::over?under?
sheffield535::Who cover in this one?
mikeperfect43::Philly... Cleveland can't shoot
Cannon_Paps624708::Get your draft on: http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba1
min40::google intpicks if you need a solid pick for this game. 31-11 NBA run. They post a free pick every day
picaac15::I absolutely loved what Collins did with the Sixers the 3 seasons he was here, at least until this season.  He managed to turn a 3-13 team into a playoff team for 2 straight years and even won a playoff series. The way he coached during this was great and in my eyes was one of the Top-5 coaches in the league.  But the 2013 season is where it started to go downhill fast. At first everything was normal and as it soon became clearer that Bynum would never play and the Sixers wouldnt make the playoffs, he never changed how he coached.   He continued making Jrue and Thad log major minutes, and he continued to start Damien Wilkins, although he deserved it, instead of the young guys who are actually part of the Sixers plans in the future. He still doesnt embrace "tanking" and for what ever reason is still focused on this season to this day.   Doug Collins is a GREAT coach for an above-average team or better, but for a team with lots of young players that is on the border of the playoffs he really isnt, which is why I really feel as if he shouldnt come back next season.
asgordo5::Agreed.
IggyIsClutch::Well put
Maximus_Paps971824::Draft the best nba team under the salary cap:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge3
ming344::google intpicks if you need picks for today. Documented 31-11 NBA run. Free picks every day. I made a killing with these guys this season
ming344::google intpicks if you need a pick for this game. 31-11 NBA run. They give away a free pick every day
Mega_Man_Reloaded::Real fans
Mega_Man_Reloaded::Real fans
YenxRenx::Kyrie gwines beez s.hittin' da bed, again!!! lmao
Cannon_Vinson277636::Have you drafted yet:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge5
