Cyril::The Clippers have a major issue with closing out games in the 4th quarter.  That's something that happens when your bench isn't being productive and forces the starters to play more.  It might be time to stick Reggie Bullock into game action and see what he can do. I have always liked Jared Dudley, but he's not doing anything but shooting at this point.  He has 7 boards, 4 assists, and 2 steals in 5 games. JJ Redick is stuffing the stat sheets more than Dudley.
Ignacio::No defense no championships. The Clippers defense are almost as bad as the Lakers. Poor CP3. He will have to endure yet another failed campaign to a championship that will belong to either Tony Parker or Russell Westbrick, maybe even Stephan Curry. Like every historical element of the NBA the contending teams will have to go through the pains of losing before winning a title. Ask Isiah Thomas, MJ, Tim Duncan, Lebron James. They went through it. CP3, Westbrook, Howard, Harden, Curry will have to go through moments.
Clarence::Everyone should start to take notice that the Magic have several shooters, and each play team ball. However, the biggest surprise is the play of Vucevic. He really seems to have blossomed to this point, and feels comfortable out on the court. I can see them as a number four seed in the playoffs.
Commenter::Well at least they attempted a comeback.  Nice try.
Tisoy::''We were not ready tonight,'' said Rivers. That's his excuse everytime they loss.
Loosie::clitters resorting to hack tactics because they can't trust their defense to stop orlando...
Ponga::The clippers is a good team with good coach but too much hype. Its just a playoff team not a championship caliber.
cj::Your either a fan and support your team or a band wagoner. Be cool were gonna do just fine this year.
BendGod::Clippers down big in Orlando way to go Magic.
Paul::The problem with teams in LA like the Dodgers and the Lakers is that they TRY TO BUY championships.  How'd it work out for the Dodgers this year.  Highest payroll and ?
