Nolan Hughes::Nets & Knicks combine for an 8-26 record so far with a combined $191 million payroll.   Sounds similar to the U.S. Congress:  High pay, Awful results
Lora Patterson::<<<<<START WORKING ONLINE TODAY>>>>>>>  Start working from home! Great job for students, stay-at-home moms or anyone needing an extra income... You only need a computer and a reliable internet connection... Make $90 hourly and up to $12000 a month by following link at the bottom and signing up... You can have your first check by the end of this week...  Sign up here>WWW.WAMJOBS.COM<Sign up Here
Michael J Ortiz::Nasty Nate is going to repeat his performance from last year's playoffs. He loves squatting in the Nets. Nate was a steal for Denver.  Can't wait till Gallo comes back then we will be loaded especially with our high Draft pick next year from the Knicks!!!
Nolan Hughes::For how much trash talk they did during the pre-season they sure don't know how to play as a team!
Alex Vargas::well the team players are like 80 years old. the other decent players are lopez. and of course williams and johnson who have never been team players. and the rest of the team are no names. It was bound to fail. I thought they would make the playoffs but I didn't think they'd get out of the first round. Now it's almost sad to watch this trainwreck.
Danny Leavitt::Nuggets are fun to watch.
Nolan Hughes::What if I told you that the first NBA team to lace up a $100 million squad was the 5th worst team in the NBA thru 18 games, while the second highest paid team in the NBA is the 2nd worst team in the NBA....and their arenas are located just 5 miles away from each other. True story!  ---ESPN 30 for 30---
Randyl Ybanez::and they'll play against this thursday..lol
Nolan Hughes::Are they playing on Comedy Central?
Randyl Ybanez::Nolan Hughes they're going to play for who's the worst record in new york..lol
Will DLc::KG and PP said once b4 they were Boston forever..I think Danny Ainge and the 2 old men stuck it to this russian . they playing for Boston ,just on a different team...
Donald J Cummings::Did the Nets not see the page on Jason Kidd's resume that said --Coaching Experience: none??
Tony Hartmann::awesome
Arvind Badri::7 straight for the Nuggets? Can't say I expected this. What a pleasant surprise.
Ben Rinaldi::Looks like Brian Shaw gets the last laugh tonight after the Nets passed him over for the head coaching position.
David Gager::Looks like a major error at this point...
Jason Vu::You know he was rubbing it in....lol.
Andrew Fuehring::"Win or lose we still get booze"  - Jason Kidd
Ellis Marcelle::Frank joking with the other assistants: I seen some dumb things in my years of coaching, guys, but spilling your drink to get a fake timeout.... that's classic! Kidd passing by over hears and reacts to self: Oh yeah, I'll show him!  So the overly-sensitive, thin-skinned, momma's boy ran to management and cried: its either me or him.  LOSER! They might as well trade the players to the Clippers, where they should have been if bully Stern had just left well enough alone, and get draft picks and re-build.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::both teams are really trashy with nets having better players. I don't even get how nuggets win games with a d-league roster. and nets  should actually be doing good now that derron Williams is out so I don't get what the problem is. should be a pretty disgusting game
Peter Bayer::this is one of the dumbest things I have ever read.
Zach Ware::Peter, read it with a Russian accent and it makes a lot more sense.
Eric Nifong::Stick to turnip and potato news Vladmir...
David Gager::KG is 37 years old...Obviously hes on the downside of his career. I don't think you can expect 25 ppg 12 Rpg anymore from  the guy.
Randyl Ybanez::He can when they play against the heat..lol
Tony Hartmann::KG is a fossil.
Al Sotowitz::Nets are the biggest flop in the history of the NBA. Not even last years Lakers had this much hype. Their whole franchise is a dumpster fire right now.
Pat Nation::I think the Knicks are giving the Nets a run for that title
Paul Sharpe::KG, what a stud:  2 pts, 6 boards...
Keena Kaur::And the Celts love those THREE first round draft picks!
Tar Yak::Nuggets 114  Nets 107
Coo Chee Rodriguez::I agree Tar Yak.
Jordan Ho::more like   nuggets 112  net 92
Daniel Yost::Jordan Ho That was a really good guess.
Warren Sands::The end has got to be near for Kidd.  This team has way too much talent to be playing like this.  I don't know what ever lead the BKN organization to think that just because of his star status that he was ready for a head coaching job.  Most head coaches in the NBA go thru years of grooming as an assistant.
William Bergmann::The Hall of Fame has a lot of talent, too.  Theirs just had the good sense to retire.
Warren Sands::William Bergmann Good observation.
John Osaki Jr.::The Brooklyn Nets may never recover, at least for this year! But anyways, check out the great Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Kevin Carey::Well this give a whole new meaning to "You got Mozgov'd".   Somewhere Blake Griffin is shaking his head in disappointment....
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
Jason Vu::any predictions on when Kidd will get fired? is there an over or under on this? what is vegas saying?
Taxfree Maphia::I look at the the Nets and think how are they highest paid team with all those garbage players.
Joseph Weber::Isn't it just about time to let Mozgov start fulltime? The man is a beast.
Alex Naeff::Barclays Center is going to be a joke come 2015 when the Islanders move in.
Alex Naeff::Kurtis Harrison So you are confirming what I just said.
Mark Anderson::Nuggets looking real with Shaw coaching. Go Nuggets
