Adam Pilarski::It's good that the Blazers are putting away bad teams like they should. That's a big part of being a truly good team.
Shek Leone::i truly agree.
Mitch Newport::truly, doe
Dustin Stovall::Yep... couldn't agree more, still a long season.
Dean M. Roberts::Sixers are going through rough times right now. Blazer fans know how that feels. Nobody gave the Blazers a break during those times. Same goes for the Sixers.  No slack. Hit'em where it hurts. GO BLAZERS!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Nicholas Batum, one of the best all-around players in basketball
Joseph Raymond Gibbons III::He's the silent ninja assassin
James Davies::Best part of this game: all Portland's starters are under 30 minutes.
Graham Strouse::Aldridge is playing out of his mind this year!
Steven Worsley::Forecast: Slight chance of three-point showers in and around the Philadelphia metro area.
Brett Skinner::Slight chance?  Funny post though.
Steve Smith::Rip City!
Mike Newman::The Blazers and their fans deserve this success. We've been suffering setback after setback for the last 5 years :)
Mark Gross::Last 5 years? I'd say we've been suffering since the meltdown in Game 7 of the 2000 West Finals.
Rick Freitas::21-37 from 3 point range and 8 players in double figures.  Scary good!
Marco Paz::Holy mother of god if this is not a beating than idk what is.
Shawn Bento::That awkward moment when you score 64 points in the first half and are still down...
Graham Strouse::I know I'm a bad, bad man but as a Sixers fan I embrace every loss---Go Tankadelphia!
Ehwinecompany Timothy Keith::Tank! Tank! Tank-a-delphia
Matt Semperboni::It might not be for Wiggins anymore...maybe for Parker or Smart instead.
John Luttrell::I love how the nba promotes this strategy "under the table".
Ron Schaffer::Portland is looking good. Indiana and Portland in the Finals?
Steven Worsley::Portland has some pretty serious fine tuning to do on defense, but it's not entirely out of the question.
Sean Potts::The eastern conference is a joke
Fontaine Hallafame::Trail Blazers 114-98
Nate Hammond::I like Portland in this one.
Ayn Bland::What a hellacious beatdown!  ::looks at the standings::  Oh..  Against the 2nd worst team in pitiful east..  Nothing to see here, folks; carry on.
Ettore Ciancarelli::Since those 3 initial shocking wins, the Sixers have gone 4-18 which is more like the team they were expected to be. Ping Pong, Ping Pong.
Matt Johnson::Everyone scored on the Blazers haha wow, how do you let a team put up 139 on ya. That's not professional.
Timmy Belles::yea...pretty embarrassing when you give up 111 pts in three quarters
Jake Mac::Northwest division is the best division in basketball.
Tyler Moss::Best fans too
Ryan Lee::I hope Philly is ready for a heavy dose of Aldridge.  MVP! MVP! MVP!
Matthew Adam Lee::Just because your team is doing well doesnt make you an MVP. Aldrige is good but not MVP good. If he won it he would have the worst stats for a player to ever win an mvp award.
David Benedetti::Matthew Adam Lee , LaMarcus Aldridge is 23.5 PPG and 10.6 RPG.  Dirk Nowitzski won an MVP with 24.6 PPG and 8.9 RPG.  Just sayin.
Matthew Adam Lee::David Benedetti Yeah but his shooting numbers are not that great. He inst even shooting 50% from the field . Dirk was special he had 40% + from 3 and shot well over 90% from the strike. Same with steve nash with his 11 assists which are far more impressive than 10 boards., They both brought a little extra something to the party that no one could. 10 boards a game ins't special for a power forward. I think he can be a candidate once he tops 35 ppg with 12+ boards and shoots over 50%.from the field. The competition is a lot fiercer too that it was in 06 for the MVP. Good player but maybe a few years down the road this might be reality which would be great because I dig his game.
Drew Lyons::Top notch defense philly!
Cody Palmer::Portland should win this game. Portland is playing good ball.
Tom Totosz::And that's the game.
