This_Guy1::If John Wall was healthy for a full year, the Wizards could easily be in the playoffs.
jeff050578::Im not a fan of the Wiz but If I was I would be very optimistic about the future.
GrealityBites::Change the name back to the Bullets.
stealthm0d3::too violent and obama wont approve
Real Deal Beal::Cool story.
GrealityBites::thanks
GrealityBites::Wiz:  Our goal is to finish 9th.  We want to avoid the playoffs AND the draft lottery.  Basically every season our goal is seemingly to do the worst possible thing for the team:  it started when we went Disney, cutting ties with our lone NBA title as the Bullets to rechristen ourselves the Wizards and suck for...still counting...years.  Bullets was offensive; Redskins down the street is fine.  #janvesely
ravenisthebest7::Just got home, great game to watch. Few things:  1) Jan Vesely's shot is as ugly in person as it is on tv. My God his free throws were hard to watch. But a good game for his standards... 2) Seraphin needs to stop shooting EVERY time he gets the ball in the post 3) Great game by Wall. Quiet 18 points and 10 assists, but he consistently found the open guy (More often than not, Beal) and didn't turn it over  4) Wittman is an idiot. Wall played the first 11:30 of the first quarter, then sat until 6 minutes left in the 2nd. Then played 11:40 of the third quarter, then sat until 5 minutes left in the 4th. Notice a trend? Gotta mix it up better than that. Way too predictable.  5) That half-court shot by Telfair and dunk by Delaroza were AMAZING!
mattnimp::I like how Beal came back like he never left and off the bench I might add.
bronsonbrooks::The Raptors need to blow up the franchise and build around Lucas
Real Deal Beal::what about JV? he seems pretty good
Bullets70s::My bad.  The writer was referring to Wall's last three home games.  I will assume the writer has his stats correctly totaled for Wall's last three home games.
Westsider Rider::raptors need andrew wiggins.. and they will somehow get him... cuz he's canadian and from toronto.. and that's how the nba works.. orlando will 100 percent get the top pick this year.. because they lost howard
Real Deal Beal::You should do a little less praying and make more likely statements
Westsider Rider::anyone else who's a raptors fan think that the only way this team can become any good is if valanciunas and ross become the players they hope they do.. and they some how wind up with the top pick next year .. as well as trading rudy gay's expiring 19 million dollar contract for something valuable.
Knight13951::Raptors are screwed because its hard for them to retain American players.
itsnottagame::Wizards actually look like a professional ball team now...I still say they need an Allstar Caliber player or superstar though and a GOOD backup for Wall,,,then they'd be dangerous ...Wall has another level to reach before you put him in categories with Drose and Tparker and Cp3...he's getting there though
Real Deal Beal::BEAL???????
Jumeax::Look Beal may be better than Rudy Gay already but still a few years away from even know if he has superstar in him
haf60::anyone know wizards record with john wall playing?
tommygunz1989::22-18
celebrate good times come on::21-19
celebrate good times come on::raptors will be good in the next 7 years
taayox::Wizards win with John and Beal playing well, Nats baseball back tomorrow, Game of thrones back this night. whats not to like?
PartTimeHomer::Whatever the heck the Capitals did against the Flyers. That's what.
taayox::I know right. way to ruin the fun. I guess they still got 1 point though.
Bill Self Chokes Again::Exam tomorrow
nasty2fasty::look kobe has a nice body but i want lebron, he could handle me in bed
28Allsports10::Would you like my small pen1s?
wadlez::Jan Vesely &gt; Raps
gri400::our JV &gt; your JV :)
sportsfan1014::tigers JV &gt;&gt;&gt; both JV :)
Real Deal Beal::Well, Of course!
wadlez::THATS SOME GOOD SHOOTIN THERE mR. bEAL.
Ballin_like_jordann::good things raptors don't have there pick  they would pick zeller
nasty2fasty::hahahahaha zeller is a beast next best center in nba
DeputyDean01::haha what a joke of a statement that is
Real Deal Beal::Wall with that +28 +/-
GeorgeTownDC29::If Bucks lose the rest of their game and we win the rest of ours we would get the 8th seed!
Real Deal Beal::only to be swept by the Heat....I'd rather the Sucks be embarrassed :)
Real Deal Beal::GeorgeTownDC29 - we wouldn't get swept. We could get 1 or 2 games against them  true, we could probably win a game or two but no more than than
GeorgeTownDC29::we wouldn't get swept. We could get 1 or 2 games against them
Real Deal Beal::Okafor has been fantastic this year with 0 injuries.
Jumeax::you FOOL! i hope he doesnt get injured next game  it will be your fault
gri400::love the future of the wizards backcourt as well, going to be a highlight machine
gri400::ah GG everyone, at least jonas is still looking awesome  <a> <i> lets go blue jays!</i></a>
Real Deal Beal::Orioles! :)
sportsfan1014::O's magic !!
gri400::nothing wrong with settling for a WC berth right?  jays looking to win 150 games, anything less is a disappointment :)
ignasm::GG Wizs, bright future with you backcourt!  Go Raps!
Ballin_like_jordann::andre drummond could be on the craptors
arvinramroop::please...no name calling :)
betteratlifethanyou::Good game wizards, your future looks bright
28Allsports10::I'm 17 years old and I have a small pen1s. Will it grow?
GeorgeTownDC29::NO
gri400::no, you'll learn to love it
wadlez::LOL
Real Deal Beal::good game raps!
arvinramroop::GG Wizard's fans...gl in your future :)
GeorgeTownDC29::GG
BOOKIER666::Well good thing I got NO and DET and the KNICKS
gri400::that was a lovely 3pt attempt, maybe next time it'll come within 5ft of the basket
Real Deal Beal:::)
Real Deal Beal::Beal is a special, special player
GeorgeTownDC29::Would lead the rookies in scoring if he didnt get injured and had Wall the whole year
28Allsports10::I don't want a small pen1s  ,it's not fair.
GeorgeTownDC29::All we need is Nene back then we will be unbeatable again
LilVdog88::Beal's got six 3's Rumble young man Rumble!
Bill Self Chokes Again::Cmon Wizards getting to 30 wins after starting 4-28 would be impressive
28Allsports10::What should I do about my small pen1s?
ignasm::cut it
joyhussain::comment removed. Sorry guys :(
LilVdog88::Not cool man
Real Deal Beal::LOL
joeyxfly::JOHNNN WAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!
28Allsports10::My pen1s is small help me out.
gri400::i'm sure they have a pill for that
Real Deal Beal::Lol.
Real Deal Beal::absolutely gorgeous jumper by John
ignasm::Lithuanian flags waving for JV in the Verizon Center, just noticed
Real Deal Beal::Nice acting Wright!
Real Deal Beal::BEALLLLLLL
BOOKIER666::Was 12
brettporter112::We look pretty damn good when Wall and Beal are in. Our back court is gonna be nasty for years to come
BOOKIER666::I F RAP CANT DO IT NOBODY CAN GO RAPTORS
NBA_Fan_First::wtf happened to the Raptors? They got Rudy Gay and won some tough games. Then all I see is them going on a losing streak.
Real Deal Beal::Rudy Gay just isn't that good...
Real Deal Beal::Derozan tonight with a Kobrick performance
NBA_Fan_First::Except he won't get the favorable calls down the stretch
gri400::yeah he does that every now and then
gri400::anytime he starts settling for long jumpers you know he's in for a rough game
Real Deal Beal:::(
BOOKIER666::only a a  h ole would pay to c NBA game nothing but  a bunch of slackers
Adversaryy::Are you lost?
