James Baron::attention: daryll morey and les alexander please get your heads out of your a.. and fire mcfail this team is goin nowhere with this bum
Leland Wong::James you are right, McHale have no clue as how to coach.
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Rockets!
Matt Pilkington::This game worries me.  Even with Horford out, this team is playing good basketball
John Gray::Same here.
Andrew Lipham::hawks once again beat dwight
Patrick Foote::Man Lin was PATHETIC tonight
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::Lin is not good its my opinion if u don't like don't comment on this topic and to the clown who says I bash only none blacks read my posts u idiot I saidDerron Williams  isn't worth 18 million a year either I basically said don't be gassing up Lin because he is Asian and you are Asian gas him up because he is good if u cant play no matter what color u are I speak on it Parsons is a white guy and he is way better than Ronnie Brewer and Greg Smith and they are black so before u say something stupid read all the posts then comment
Keith Gupton::Good Post. That's how some the Lin fans try to excuse his poor play. If you say he is not great an an all star you are a racist. Seems to me his fans are way to sensitive to any and all honest critique of his game.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::Exactly the guy has a 4.5 to 2.1ssist to turnover ration that is horrible that why I say Beverly is a better player.he knows his role is a bulldog on D and thinks pas first shot second that's what Houston needs a PG who passes and can stay in front of his man when u have Howard Harden and Parsons  u don't need Lin thinking he needs to score more than pass
Jeremy Gingrich::JEREMY LIN WHY DON'T YOU KNOW WHERE YOU ARE ON THE COURT?? If we are down by 3 and someone is driving to the basket all you need to be doing is making sure you are behind that line!!! That is basketball 101. Mental mistakes like these are what loses close games
Minnesota Sports Memes::Hello all,  are there any Hawks/Braves fans out there remember that huge voting effort that both the Braves' faithful and the Minnesota Cats pulled off to get Freddy Freeman in instead of Puig?, I sure do (MEOW ;) )on the old ESPN format? Well, we need to recall that favor to try and get Kevin Love a starting spot for the All Star game in New Orleans! I know that if we can spread the word and we all work as a unit, then great things can happen! Who's with me?!?!  You can text "Love" to 69622 or visit the Timberwolves website to vote-----> http://www.nba.com/timberwolves/vote  PLEASE HELP US GET HIM IN!
Weston Carr::kevin love is already going to be an all start obviously he doesn't need any help...
Vladimir Tsalyuk::wow Kevin Love is so desperate he comes on here himself begging for votes. Kevin maybe if you weren't so terrible of a player ud finally help the team reach the playoffs. what a chump
Minnesota Sports Memes::Vladimir Tsalyuk Are you on drugs, who the hell ever said that this was Kevin Love?
Joe Smith::D. Caroll played great D on Harren. Hawks did great job on defense and rockets could figure it out. This is the best hawk teams in years. They have great coach and staff. Go hawks!
Leland Wong::PB will be back soon and the Rox will roll again all the way to the NBA finals against the Heat or Pacers. ESPN and NBATV experts still say that JL is a lousy defender and that's why PB will starting once he gets back.
Elijah Rochford::I hope realize the Rox are not good enough to make i to the finals season...
John Gray::Elijah imagine if Asik gets healthy and has a rim protector for 48 minutes? Yea they can be good.
Leland Wong::John Gray Sometimes DW12 loses focus and Asik would be great for this or they can even play together. Asik is not better than Dw12, he might think so but he is not. McHale uses his big men well.
Kenson Kwok::McHale please put TJ back to the game, the Rox are being abused on the boards!
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::McHale isn't a good x and o'x coach he looks just as lost as Lin out there another loss to a team they should kill
Daniel Stewart::2 very impressive wins in a row for Atlanta. On to Memphis! Let's go Hawks!
Quentin Gibson::JLin is garage…Please trade him!
Huang Steven::trade him for what, a parking space?
Andrew Lipham::dwight howard is overrated
Mike Woolley::Not wrong... He's a cancer... Wrecks any team he goes to! Lets be honest.... This guy is probably the worst free throw shooter in the NBA. It's bad when the other team foul him because they know he's terrible at free throws
Phil Metalhed::Gaytl hax suk bals.
Figaro Tsai::It seems that making Brewer start for Rockets isn't good arrangement. Brewer has no attacking ambition. Letting Gracia be a temporary starter is suitable for the team. Mchale is still an inexperienced head coach and make some mistakes at crunch time.
Weston Carr::805   Houston  3½  -2.5  -140  o 206.5 (-110)  249   83%   71%   89%   7:35PM  806   Atlanta  208  2.5  120  u 206.5 (-110)   17%   29%   11%   I was liking Houston to cover but the line is so sketch at only -2.5, and the line has went from Houston -3.5 down to -2.5 to good to be true..
Chanh B. Vu::Vegas magic lol
Chanh B. Vu::When the line move. U know Rocket pick is too easy.
David Morant::Too bad Lin's shot was a foot too close.   We've played as badly as we possibly can anyway ... we didn't deserve to win ... but then again ... neither did Atlanta.  It's a shame somebody had to win.
David Morant::Harden and Brooks were decent ... Howard was sub-par ... Everyone else sucked hind tit tonight ...  Knew we couldn't win 2 in a row without our most important player.
David Morant::Can we jettison Garcia to somebody with that buster Asik yet?  Garcia has been shooting about 20% for the last month and a half ... and his forte is supposed to be shooting.
Jacob Galindo::Rox should win this one! The matchup between Dwight and Antic/Millsap should be interesting. The only players to worry about are Korver and Teague
Matt Micros::Three team trade. Love and Lin to the Knicks. Melo and Asik to the TWolves. Felton and STAT or Bargnani to the Rockets along with a 2nd rounder.
Matt Micros::Hold up would be Melo not signing an extension in sub artic Minnesota. Lol.
Jacob Dockter::LOL. This has to be the first time in nba history where a team started the game 10+-0 and lost the game. I can not remember any, can you guys
Mike Woolley::WTF is wrong with the Rockets??? The Hawks are a good team but with Horford out... The Rockets should be killing this!
Sammy Bissett::This would be one helluva win considering this is by far their worst offensive game of the season.
