sockmedock::this team needs to give livingston a lot more freedom!  he is obviously, without question the best defender and offensive creator on this team!
Phatepiclewts::Wow, one of the few times the Wizards haven't been blown out this season and they almost blow their lead, lol.
farooq_am::They were an interesting story but their win makes them irrelevant.
trademarktaz::Pistons &gt; Wizards &gt; Blazers
kel116bev::Darn, I had the over/under on losses at 81.  I guess I can push this bet.
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
Hoo186::I actually thought they would go 20 games before winning one.  So greate job for surpassing your fans low expectations.
Mr. Nut Job::Wow!  See, it can happen!
Lakers Are Forever::Trevor Ariza, get paid like a starter, plays like a role player. shoulda stayed in L.A. young man.
Matt83882::Or he could get starter money, suck $@% and care and live in his mansion.
coljetsfan::Wizards win.  Now they can concentrate on the NBA playoffs..
kel116bev::Yeap, where they are gonna watch them.
smallnyello::Not sound nlike the $@%!$ here, but this isn't as suprising at looks. I mean, Portland's 6 win season isn't exactly leading their division.
kel116bev::And your English comp teacher , aint what you think itiiiher.
kel116bev::Your math teacher probably has a problem also.  6 is greater than 1.
FREE_TEBOW::Tebow?????
amiller244::I know we have a young team, but this is flat out unacceptable. If there's any 2 teams we actually should beat on the road, it's the Pistons and Wizards, and we lose to both on consecutive nights. These guys better start playing consistently or the Rose Garden attendance will start to tumble. And I hope to God that we make some sort of effort to improve our bench. We can't give our starters much rest when our best bench players are Ronnie Price and Sasha Pavlovic.
tysonwynn26::tonight shows the professionalism of Wizard. Good win! never gives up even 0-12
getwithitson::wizards are the new bobcats. that much is clear. only 1 win?  they shouldn't get paid until they win atleast 5 games in a row.
JayLux7::5 in a row? The best teams are struggling to do that.
Kobelies247::Blazer fans going to be waking up tomorrow thinking this was just a bad dream! HAHAHA
WarriorsWarrior::Ha.
Bmarleys420::Been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. Making between 2-3k a month profit using this system. You will find the system on google by searching Sports Betting System.
AnonymousDukeFan::ok ill check that out......not
Mikepokeefe::Good to see them get their first win, sincerely.
Antsea91::HAHAHA
gsquared112::Jan was doing work tonight
BigLu121::my god Portland played their starters damn near the whole game! is their bench that bad?
Vanessa87687::Exactly why they lost! No bench production to speak of! C'mon man, 4 pts from the bench.  What's worse is every time Stotts gives his starters a rest the bench blows the game and they have to come back and work that much harder to get back in the game.  This was the scenario once again last night.  Starters cannot keep this up for the season.  Olshey needs to make some moves soon, but with what is the question?
chris99171::As a die hard Blazers fan... yes. Their bench is terrible.
BigLu121::ok i just checked yall have Jeffries....enough said
KenGonnaGetit::So Portland is the Victim
Texicano10::im happy for the wiz! I don't like seing teams suck that bad lol
VikingsRedsBulls::Are my eyes correct?  Wizards won a game?  lol
Kobelies247::Jordan, what you got to say now TOUGH GUY?
Kobelies247::You have a nice night buddy...
Kobelies247::Losing to the WIZ!!!! Nuff said
35Jordan::You guys lost 4 straight give me a break lol. How about that Blake Griffin 18 points= 93 Mill LOL
35Jordan::Nice you beat an injury struck Team. Nice you want a pat on the back? If I'm not mistaken Portland just beat them too.
35Jordan::Well considering you guys are 1-4 in your last 5 and Portland is 2-3 I find that hard to believe.
Kobelies247::Just saying.....LOL  They did something Portland has a REAL hard time doing... WIN
scorpking68::Just go get another nice lottery pick Portland, then get serious next year.
Robb1371::Portland,   practice ?........Practice ??
NOPITYinMYCITY::Blazers were stoned tonight. Let's go Rip City
Kobelies247::Just goes to show NOTHING good comes from smoking weed... EVER
JayLux7::Tell that to wiz khalifa and all the law students in the country.
kel116bev::Sales of Hostess twinkies(oops, next choice now, tastykakes).
Brianhau529::haha maybe for some people. Everyone's different though, not everyones body is effected the same way
Antsea91::Nothing productive*
josh142209::I wouldn't be to sure about that buddy
CJ From San Andreas 2k13::I guess the Wizards are better than the Mystics after all.
Robb1371::....barely.
darthlobos1182::I can't help but somewhat blame my fellow blazer fans who celebrated saving money and staying out of the free agent race this season.  Now we have that young team everybody wanted and we'll be lucky to win 20 games this year.  This is why teams like the Lakers and the Heat are successful while the Blazers struggle, because a good portion of Blazers fans are perfectly happy with a glorified D-League team
amiller244::We'll win more than 20 games, we just might have trouble winning 10 games on the road. Maybe we should start scheduling road games against college teams if we can't beat an 0-12 team on the road.
roastbeafman87::One win every 13 games means...either 6 or 7 wins!!!
redevelopmentguy::Today, is not a great day to be a Blazer.
MolasseScorpion1986::Well, that was Washington's one and only highlight of the season. Enjoy it, Wizards fans.
TerpIV::THE WIZARDS WIN A GAME!!!!
portans1936::You guys realize with John Wall the Wizards would be 10-3 right now right?
BigLu121::did he learn how to shoot yet?
DucksRUNpac12-v2.0::Whats worse, the fact that it took 13 games for the Wizards to win, or the fact that the Blazers were the team to lose to them?
Robb1371::Blazers let it happen to them. They let us down.
CandySparker::They should rename Wizards to Washington Winzards.
You-got-Rondo-ed::70-12 here we come!  -Wizards fans
CJ From San Andreas 2k13::Rondo's head looks like a deformed ant.
lionstigersspartyohmy::The fact we're congratulating Wizards fans for winning a game 13 games into the season is beyond pathetic.   Wizards blow.
bradyandjrich::They won tonight, something to build off of. Wall will be back.
PartTimeHomer::Want a cookie?
Kobelies247::This organization plus a lot of fans make out like LA is some great "allstar..... get real, people.. it's all hype.. voted in by the coaches by the skin of his teeth and plays less then 10min in that game..allstar? please! he's not a leader, nor is he an "allstar" get rid of him
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::I live in Portland Oregon and Vancouver WA. area and regardless how bad the Blazers play year in and year out we still have been considered the best supporting fans in the NBA.  -Signed Never getting through the first round of the Playoffs; if we make the Playoffs, we hold the record with the players with the most Tattoos.
NOPITYinMYCITY::I also live in Portland, Oregon. This is Rip City and we are the Blazers. Why do you think they call us that? I think the Blazers were stoned tonight.
lo0o0ong::Lol congrats Wizards..
rc021363::Congrats Wiz Fans from a Grizzlies fan!!!!
sk0dawgs::3... 2... 1.... commence tank
rTist::As much as I wanted the Wizards to go 0-82, I'm actually happy they won. Now, they can go 1-81.
JetWing34::Portland just gave away Washington's first win. This is like letting a 12-year-old drive alone without a license. What a joke of a TrailBlazers basketball team.
bradyandjrich::They didn't give away anything. It's just about time the Wizards closed a game out. Regardless of how they did it, they got win No. 1.
sk0dawgs::does this make you feel better about something
Kobelies247::+10
SB4LlFE::RIP Portland Blazers 11/28/2012
sk0dawgs::rip, you had a good run blazers.
sk0dawgs::my birthday
Kobelies247::Ummmm no, That RIP date would of the been the day the blazers gave B Roy 82mill!
35Jordan::RIP Clippers 11/28/2012 5 losses in a row
