Matt::Kings roster does not make sense at this point. You have three ball dominant players in your starting line-up (Thomas, Rudy, Cousins) with McLemore (a bit overmatched as a starter at this point in his young career) and Thompson (-23 in a little less than 14 minutes, which is impressively awful, and one of the worst starters in the NBA) with Derrick Williams coming off the bench who had been playing well enough that he should have been given more time to show what he can do as a starter, and instead they traded for one of the worst contracts in the league. When Landry gets back the lineups could get even more hectic. And Marcus Thornton is in a huge slump. They really just need to blow up this roster and get rid of everybody except the rookies, Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins are not the building blocks of a title contender, Thomas is not a true PG and can't run an offense effectively, Thornton could be done soon, Landry is injury prone, Derrick Williams can't really succeed in this scenario now with Rudy Gay on the team, and everyone else is terrible.
Uan theTruth::As an analyst, I am still seeing the problem with the SAC coaching staff.  The statistics speak for themselves.  Drajic and Bledsoe had their way with McLemore and Thomas.  Gay only had one rebound in over 36 minutes.  Thompson 0 rebounds. McLemore 1 out of 6.
Professor::SAC has some big issues.  Cousins was the only one of the starters that had a decent defensive game.  Thomas and McLemore continue to be scored on at will. Thornton continues to be unimpressive.
Arizona Jones::Looks like the Kings guards could not play defense.  Shooting percentage for the Kings pretty poor too.
Django::Suns looking like the Harlem Globetrotters in the 4th...
TimothyF::Not one current player on the King's roster will be there when the team wins a championship. The entire team of bench players will either be on other teams, out of basketball or dead from old age.
Kevin::Sacramento's backcourt couldn't stop my grandmother from scoring. Nothing against Dragic (have him on my fantasy team) and Bledsoe, but they shouldn't be shooting that high a percentage.
Kobe For 3.....Clank!::Horns has got to be coach of the year at this point.  When you are predicted to finish dead last in the Western Conference and you are a potential playoff team, votes have to be heading his way.
CitizenKANE::Fellow Kings fans, I don't think IT is the answer at point guard.  While he can certainly put up offensive numbers, I think he shoots the ball too much and he's a liability on defense.  Needs to be feeding the rock to Cousins down low and the new guy Gay on the wings
Pasha::Kings need this win, they need a win streak before we play Miami.
