somerandomguy30::Thanks Milwaukee for keeping the Sixers' playoff hopes alive!
hoostinerrecliner::The Pacers are only going to win because of Howard being out and the Magic being hopefully lost. The Pacers are avereage at best. By the way, did you anyway notice Mbah a Moute's pretty good shooting and his double double.
Taco with a Q::Didnt realize 5th best record is average at best....I guess were average then!!!!!
Eltron6000::i find it extremely telling that for the past few pacers games, these message boards have been flooded with knicks fans.  why are you so obsessed with the pacers?  are there a lot of pacers fans commenting on your games?
cbcash4678::These Pacer fans think Danny Grainger and Roy Hibbert going to win them a playoff series.....LOL.....  FYI...everyone plays defense in the playoffs.  Pacers haven't been relevant since Reggie Miller...saw ur empty $@% new stadium....ur fans are a disgrace to the league, and ur team is only middling....BIG CONGRATULATIONS.....  You guys don't even have Manning anymore...ur sports city sucks.
somerandomguy30::you're an idiot. indy could win the east!
N.Papageorgio::Yeah, and so can the other 7 teams that will make the Eastern Conference playoffs...anything CAN happen
Taco with a Q::I didnt realize some people hated Indy so much!  If our city is a disgrace when why did we just host a Superbowl??
N.Papageorgio::Who said that they hated the city?  Indianapolis is nice...far better than those cesspools on the coasts
77firestarter::okay, they have a past steeped with glory.   what was i thinking?
N.Papageorgio::Like I said, you must not know NBA history before 12 years ago...The Bucks have won one league title (1971), two conference titles (1971, 1974), and thirteen division titles (1971, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1976, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 2001). They have featured such notable players as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (HOF), Oscar Robertson (HOF), Bob Lanier, Ray Allen, Dave Cowens (NBA 50th Anniversary All-Time Team) and Moses Malone (HOF)
77firestarter::first the stadium is one of the nicest in the league bro.  ask anybody who has been to a few of them.  second, its 15 years old, so hardly a "new"stadium.  third, when i click on your profile page, i see the Bucks background, telling me all i need to know about how upset you are that we just knocked your team out of the playoffs again.  not that it would matter anyway, you would have no chance at winning a series .  dude, youre a Bucks fan, you should be used to failure by now.   pacers havent been relevant since the reggie miller days, yeah i might give you that, and the Bucks havent been relevant since the , um, the uh, wait they have never been relevant.  one of the few teams in the NBA that have NEVER been good .  seriously.   get over it man.  so funny.    we will be thinking of you when we win the East.
N.Papageorgio::Bucks never been good?  I guess you think the NBA started after the 2000 season.  Granted the Bucks haven't been good for a while, but they won the championship in 1971, went back and lost in 1974 and went to 3 Eastern Conf Finals in the 80's with Don Nelson as their coach.  Went to the East finals again in 2001 with George Karl but lost to the Sixers.  Like I said, they have been mediocre at best the last decade, but to say they have NEVER been good speaks to your lack of knowledge of NBA history
kraig31::Hardly a "new" stadium. I would put down $500 that the Pacers will win their first round series.
bult0601::Thanks for being classy
Clarence2126::i told you the does would lose to the pacers, what a joke of a team they have become!
77firestarter::pacers will cruise in the first round, no matter who they play.   you arent beating them in a home series this season.  now in the second round, against miami or chicago, its gonna be very close.   keep in mind the pacers took the bulls to the very last seconds of game 5 last season in their playoff series and that was with much less talent.  add west and george hill, i think we can beat any team in the east for sure.   we always play well against miami too.   this team can make the finals.   most people hate to admit it , for whatever reason (dont know why you would hate the quiet pacers), but this pacers team is the deepest in the league and we can have 3 guys score 20/10 on any given night.  just like last night.  i love to hear the haters talking their talk.  you will see......
Nap317town::Bulls lost to the Wizards less than a week ago, everyone has gotten wise to how they win without Rose. If the Heat lose to the Knicks in the first round, Pacers will be in the ECF... write that down.
shedy-mac::Pacers won't beat Miami either. The Bulls with HC could still cause the Pacers a problem.
77firestarter::they would play boston at home, if they had to play them at all.  but they wont cause boston will be playing miami or chicago and they cant get past either of them.  in my opinion
shedy-mac::I'm not ready to sell my self on the Pacers. WIth the Exception of West and maybe Hill there isn't much playoff experience. Secondly the seven straight was against a few good teams but overall not great teams. And who did you lose to before the 7 straight? Boston. As long as Boston is around I can't see the Pacers winning the east.
77firestarter::playoffs are a whole different story.   look at what we did to miami last year in the regular season.    bulls arent that deep.   they have a few guys who score all their points.   their bench is not full of the kind of players the pacers sit all season long.  every team in the league is a step below miami and chicago.  but the pacers will show up when its time.   did you watch that series with the bulls last season?   i think they pacers can beat them.   no, i know the pacers can beat them.   and will.   especially if rose isnt 100%.   and he wont be.
_misterfurious::1. They're not the deepest team in the league - that's probably the Spurs or Bulls.   2. They don't always play well against Miami. The first meeting they lost 118 - 83. The second meeting they lost 105-90. The third meeting they lost 93-91. Indiana won the fourth 105-90.   3. They are clearly a step below Miami and Chicago with a healthy Rose.
kdogownsu::They r even with Chicago but below Miami.
_misterfurious::If the Pacers face Orlando, they should dispatch them easily. If the Knicks manage to move up to the # 6 spot, it should be a very fun and competitive series but I would pick the Pacers.
BucksPackersBrewersBadgers::Seasons over. Looks like we have another mid round pick and are destined for mediocrity again next season.   And Pacers, please shut the Bulls, Heat, and Knicks fans up by making a run to the Finals.
Taco with a Q::Cheap shot?
cbcash4678::They cheap shot your team, and then you root for them.....way to get some Indianan thumbs up.  .......move to Indiana, sellout.
spersack::What is really interesting is the Pacers are garbage, yet they have such a great record.
Taco with a Q::Other fans wish their team was "garbage" too I guess....Must be new slang!  LOL
kraig31::Knicks fans are dumb as $@%!.
BucksPackersBrewersBadgers::This might be the dumbest post I have ever read. Must be a Knicks fan.
joe2009iund::If by garbage you mean extremely deep and good, then yes, they are garbage.
enemy_80::Not to mention have the best record in the east against the west at 12-5. They are pretty damn good if you ask me.
bult0601::Please explain to me how a team with the 3rd best record in their conference and the 5th best record overall is garbage.
BeastAwesome15::Legit, 7 in a row?
newcaymanS::To Knicks fan hoping for a Pacers/Knicks first round match up.  Not gonna happen.  Pacers get the 3 and play a Howard-less Orlando team in the 6 slot.  The Knicks get the 7 seed and Miami in round 1... The "one and done" is the NY Knicks, Not the Indiana Pacers.  Deep down, you know it.  You won't admit it, but YOU KNOW IT.  This brings much pleasure to many an NBA fan.  Enjoy.
Nap317town::NYK could possibly beat the Heat, but better yet, they could def beat the Bulls...Rose might play, but hes not going to lead them anywhere. Pacers Knicks second round would be glorious. I would LOVE to see the rivalry revisited.
enemy_80::I would love for the Pacers to beat the Knicks so all the New Yawkers could shut there trap about it. Too bad it won't happen.
newcaymanS::What is really interesting is the Pacers are deep and young.
seanquinisol::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning their bets like I was
To0 Soon::.
Taco with a Q::^^I wish Knick fans were like that
MarcinGortatSuns::Steve Nash Post Game Live Interview vs LA Clippers LIVE  NASH or Cp3?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qilcuakwU-s
DanielFrank29::Milwaukee's immaturity has carried them to the 9-seed in the eastern conference. I hope they're happy with a 13th pick in the draft, bc they have no shot at the playoffs and no shot at a lottery pick. thanks dunleavey and sanders for an entertaining game
seanquinisol::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3  months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning their bets like I was
MarcinGortatSuns::Blake Griffin Post Game Live Interview about Robin Lopez Fragrant 2 FOUL  Is the ejection harsh or DID blake deserve it?????? OPINION???  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIpOvw34MpI
MarcinGortatSuns::Clippers vs Suns Questionable Foul Call on Marcin Gortat  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFWhp99J7SU
NBA_refs_are_weak::larry sanders are you kidding? bulldozes over granger while throwing his shoulder into his face, then complains about fouling out, which is pathetic enough. but good lord son. david west? pick ANYONE ELSE in the building to take out ur PMS on. David West just smiled because he knows if this was outside of the context of a basketball game, this wouldve lasted about 5 seconds. check yaself
CruzInLA::Lakers fan here....   Pacers are a legit team. They are the San Antonio Spurs of the East. They are way under the radar, but are getting the job done remarkably well. Much props and luck to the Pacers
kraig31::I did rock his mom. Wasn't that great. His sister was much better.
Nap317town::I would rock your mom.
BeMilwaukee11::The Spurs would rock the Pacers!
Goon-::Pacers are playing the best ball in the league right now. And they're locked into the 3 seed so they can rest these last games and strategize.
xXSmOkIn_KuShXx::Happy 4 20 and dont forget to Spark up a Swisher
Goon-::Collison should be a backup from now on. In fact... do they even need him? They've been better without.
EastCoastSurfing::They've beat  the Bucks x2, a Loveless timberwolves, a struggling sixers, terrible cavs x2, and the raptors. Saying that we don't need Collison  based on that resume is like saying  Boston doesn't need KG, Pierce and Allen because they sat for the bobcats game and still won.
pacerpride35::Check out the Heat-Bulls board if you want to see comments from fans who think the ECF has already been set. I think someone intends to crash that party.
tzveme::chris bosh didnt play with a hurt fingernail
tzveme::The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.
lennylen2013::"I would of stayed in Golden State if i knew I was going to make the playoffs here in Milwaukee."  -Monte Elis
Carter Beauford::Larry Sanders dethrones Chris Bosh as NBA's fakest tough guy after that display.
_misterfurious::I don't get how Bosh is a fake tough guy. Does he walking around acting like he's tough? Not at all - so that's a ridiculous comment. Lebron doesn't act like a tough guy either. You see him getting into it with players, acting like he wants to fight? Not at all.   And Sanders I think would have fought - I don't think he was faking it. But the only tough guy on the Pacers is David West. You don't want any part of David West in a real fight.
kdogownsu::Are you talking about the same bosh that flops on d. The bosh that plays a 4 but lives on the perimeter. The same body who struggles to get 5 rebounds.
JDiddy8720::Its not good to like your own comments first off, secondly, since when does flopping make you a fake tough guy? Queen James, D-Grade, Kobe, etc, all flop. NBA players are drama queens as well. His rebounds make him a fake tough guy? Just go to sleep please.
JDiddy8720::Your crazy. If you really believe he wouldn't have knocked all those guys heads off your out of your mind. Danny Granger is a serious "fake tough guy". He is all bark and no bite. Steps in when the refs are already there. Kendrick Perkins, LeBron James, Kevin Garnett, Blake Griffin, etc. Those are "fake tough guys". How is Bosh a fake tough guy? Because he had 1 measly dust up with Kevin " Don't Blow Wind On Me" Durant? Stop it.
cbcash4678::...to anyone who's ever felt that adrenaline while deciding .....'is it worth it?' ....would understand....  Lil' punks who got into slap &amp; shoving matches in high school...wouldn't...
cbcash4678::You see Sanders arms &amp; reach.....I consider myself a pretty good judge of 'tough guys' and Sanders wasn't acting...he really wanted a piece of the Pacers...Luc Richard was a good teammate.
tpfeif14::David West would have destroyed Sanders. End of story.
snow_brdr_88::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bMs04JK0BQ
koolaid408::Bucks suck hahaha and pacers one and done two bad teams.......
spersack::My favorite is when people try to be all intelligent sounding.. its an ESPN board.  It literally means less than nothing.
newcaymanS::With a name like "koolaid408" I don't think one should expect him to make a post with knowledgable substance.  He's ust another ignorant hater who knows nothing about basketball nor has realized the Pacers have the 3 seed and have beaten Chicago, Miami, LA, Dallas, Orlando, Boston, and OKC all this season.
pacerpride35::What koolaid are you drinking? Seven in a row and the best record in the league during April. If the Pacers are a bad, one-and-done team, I'd like to see a good one.
kdogownsu::Yeah Carmelo will never lead team anywhere. He's overweight and out if shake and dosent give a $@%! bout defense, same with amare and jr smith
Man Utd Squad::Well, at least were better off than the Knicks
kdogownsu::Pacers r going to ECf easy if bulls get 2 seed
Sir Henly::West is ripped he would have knocked out Sanders with one hit
jetsmetsknicksrangers2792::Pacers praying they don't play the Knicks LOL
newcaymanS::Pacers would beat the Knicks in a series... Knicks fans have pipe dream of a #6 seed.  NOT GONNA HAPPEN
David535221::WE BLEW U OUT TWO DAYS IN A ROW AND LET U COME BACK LAST TIME WHEN WE WERE WOOPING U AGAIN. PACERS ARE PRAYING KNICKS DONT GET THE 6TH SEED OR THERE DONE
Sir Henly::This guy forgot Pacers won the last game
enemy_80::Bring on Car "ME" Lo and the Knicks hype machine. The Pacers will destroy you guys.
hcp04140::Explain to us why we don't want to play the Knicks? Your team is a one man show. If he scores under 30 you lose.
Bxyanks2012::Dangerous Teams- Pacers In East &amp; Grizzlies In West
Somedood1::So uhh.. remember when all the Bucks fans were talking about how the Knicks weren't going to make the playoffs? lolol
Anyteaman::What are we supposed to say. But you guys made it we didnt...
pacerpride35::Loved Scott Skiles' comments about his former team. All the experts are sleeping on the Pacers, but there is no team in the league that is playing better right now.
40s all day 11::4/20 spark one up for melo
40s all day 11::4/20
pacerpride35::Note to the rest of the NBA: When you face the Pacers, you can get beaten up or beaten down. Your choice.
pacerpride35::He was on the way to being ejected. The only man in the NBA that the Pacers are afraid of is David Stern. He's shown a propensity for handing out suspensions that ruin a great season. Not that they weren't deserved, but Ben Wallace only getting 6 games that year was criminal.
PrinceOfDaSouf::lol I saw everyone on the Pacers running from Sanders
40s all day 11::cant tell if serious or troll
40s all day 11::lol
Almost Always Ignored::Dunleavy freakin' sucks.  What a joke, he wouldn't be starting for the Bobcats if he ended up there.  He's the worst player on the roster and I don't know why he gets so much playing time.
LifeInInfrared::He plays well against the Knicks. Dude was on a roll when the Bucks and Knicks played at the garden.
PrinceOfDaSouf::Larry Sanders almost knocked out the whole Pacers roster
bult0601::Dude, West would've jacked him up in one hit.
tbo147::While being held back by his teammates.
mike52255::thats why he jet ran around in circles then stopped when granger came after him
loosedawglewis::TOP 8 NBA PG ALL TIME, LIKE IF AGREE:  MAGIC STOCKTON LIN ISIAH CP3 LIN PAYTON NASH
tpfeif14::Get Lin off of there. come on. what a joke
koloa74::You don't have the Big O on there.  Fail!!!!!
pacerpride35::The Big O is a list unto himself.
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::you also have lin on here twice.
Reds30417::Lin is no where close to being on this list.
Paddywaggie::As much as I am a fan of Lin, I can't put him on the same list as those guys yet as he has only played a number of games so far to be even considered.
loosedawglewis::THANK YOU FOR LIKE, KEEP REPLY GOING!~~
loosedawglewis::WHOO NYC FOR PLAYOFF LIN STAT MELO TIME FOR RETURN OF GREAT PG!!!
LebronOwnsTuriaf::Props to Sanders for showing some fire out there. This Bucks team is to passive in my opinion. Anyways, Sanders is one of the best young shot blockers in the nba and if he gets more PT next season WATCH OUT.
yodaspeaks::I gotta jump off this Bucks bandwagon.  they looked so promising early this season.  F me.  how many chances did they have to reach .500 this season.  No killer instinct at all.  AT ALL
Pacers-Cowboys24::Sounds like us 2-3 years ago, always pained me to see us lose what seemed like every game in crunch time and ending up with the 9th seed lol
snow_brdr_88::Tru, very tru! Well hope they get a good lottery pick and draft a BIG like Sullinger...match him with Jennings and Ellis would be sweet
adavisrc09::Pacers I feel sorry for you in the second round.... refs have a friendly whistle for the Heat
tonyand1::Only cause D12 is out for the season.  O'do will still be a difficult out for the Pacers cause the Magic love to chuck 3's and we suck-in too much on defense.  The Bulls have the easiest out with Philly unless the Sixers rediscover the chemistry they had going the first 30 games.
Pacers-Cowboys24::The funny thing I think the pacers have the easiest oppoenent of all four being the 3 seed, go figure rd 1
tonyand1::Exactly.  The East is pretty much set.,  Pacers-Magic, Bulls-Sixers, Celts-Hawks, and Heat-Knicks.  I'm feeling Pacers-Knicks in 2nd round.
Rexanilatorz::There is no way the Knicks are getting the 6th seed the Magic would have to lose out and the Knicks win out and the Magic are playing the Bobcats
J-SMOOVE2071::NOT IF THE KNICKS GET THE 6 SEED
cheesehead1287::Can't wait for the 30 second segment on Indiana's 10 game win streak and the 30 minute segment on the Chicago - Miami snooze fest. It's gonna be super! Yay! Super, guys! SUPER DUPER!
Pacers-Cowboys24::Honestly at times I wish there was a new mainstream sports network when we rehash the will lebron win story all season long and not give props to anyone else in the league
BIGWHATBIGCHAIR::does there happen to be another packers and pacers fans on this planet? i might not be alone. but yeah, totally agree, nba analysts are the worst out of all sports,they talk about the stars and not the teams
Thomas32082::and a third.. must be the color yellow. Cuz I like beer too.
Br3tt11::Move the Bucks to Green Bay! WINNING!
