Kate Joo Hyun Kim::Last 3 games Lin outplayed opponents PGs. Lin is playing great defense a lot better than last year. vs Spurs  Lin 13pts, 5-10,  8 assists    Parker 6 pts, 3-11, 4 assists vs Grizzlies Lin 18pts, 5-13, 2 assists, Conley 11pts, 4-14, 6 assists vs Pelicans Lin 10pts, 3-12, 5 assists, Holiday 3 pts, 1-9, 9 assists Lin improved his defense a lot.
James Garcia::Meanwhile, there are dozens upon dozens of NBA players better than Jeremy Lin.
Kate Joo Hyun Kim::James Garcia  HOw about Beverly?
Elijah Rochford::Yea that is a small sample sizr, he needs to do that game in and game out and @James there isn't that many players in the NBA...
Leland Wong::So far since the return of both JH and JL, they have played well together. JH is letting JL be the PG now.
Evander Smart::Linsanity with 10 pts in the 4th, pushing the Rockets over the top
Selang Tjhin::JLin shut out JHoliday
Kamuela Kane::He sure did. maybe cost him offensively but, like always, he comes through in the last quarter.He has shown he can be a very affective on the defensive side.
Leland Wong::No one has shut out Jrue Holiday all season long.
Figaro Tsai::Lin always explodes surprisingly at the key moment in final quarter. That' his value in Rockets. That's why he can win so many fans. Although he didn't play well in first three quarters, the pros outweigh the cons. He is sure to be the main contributor of winning the game.
Bruce S Hirsch::if anyone out there thinks lin and harden shouldn't start and learn and grow....u should be watching mixed martial arts....harden still a little selfish....lin had 5 assists to lead team,clutch 4th and held holiday to 3     wake up
Leland Wong::typical JL fan, we should be about team not individual;s. Jl played a bad game, he was not clutch, he needs to do well all game long.
Bruce S Hirsch::Leland Wong your a fibroid
Elijah Rochford::Yea lin didnt have the best game tonight bit you gotta give it lin, he's played solid defense for three straight games and I have to agree with Bruce they can be a dynamic duo if they stick together
Quintus Greene::Harden is so funny. Lin hits a 3. Lin is wide open at 3 the next play. No pass from Harden. Near turnover. Contested 3. Money. LOL!
Bruce S Hirsch::selfish ball hog.....will be a problem sooner or later...maybe he's mad lin has more all star votes...immature
Spidey Pete::JH doesn't hv JL's back for sure
Karl Heu::Hero Ball doesn't want JL to shine over him
Dayo Famuyiwa::Okay ....where do we begin.......Ha haaaa.....these pelicns.......only one way to do a bird.....and thats well done rottisserie style with some hickory(halal) smoke chipotle ..guacamole and saurkraut (kosher).....smothered in pagan swine strips.........P.S. can we plz pray for no one else to die in the Mchale family.....GOSH....R.I.P....cant stand the losses when coach Sampson takes over
Bruce S Hirsch::we have a point guard....use him....lin
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::LIn stinks Brooks should be starting Lin is better off of bench
Karl Heu::Alphonso Darnelle Polk This post deserves a 'LOL'.....Brooks over Lin.....laughable
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::Brooks is way better than Lin lin is only here cuz of the Asian market in Houston no way Houston would have signed Lin if they knew they could have gotten Harden first>they got Harden the day before yr started last yr.no ur basketball Heu.........Lin is not Yao he is an overpriced pg that's why Beverly beat him out
Smokee Doubleoseven::The most annoying thing about being a Rockets fan, lifelong Rockets fan that is, way before Jeremy Lin and Yao, is the Asians that come on here and only talk about Lin, over and over. We get it, you guys are in love with Jeremy Lin, this is a team sport.  There is no need to come on the Rockets boards and talk up Jeremy Lin like his an All Star or something.  he isnt, and never will be.  But us Rockets fans are perfectly fine with who Lin is.  Please go to other boards where maybe they doubt Lin, Like a Knicks board or something, and talk him up there.  It gets really old and really silly, really fast, here.
Krh Prodctionz::We get it, you have a racist dislike for Asian people. We understand. We don't like it, but we understand.
Daniel Bachrach::Actually, it would appear Lin is very likely an all-star this year. 4th in guard voting- kobe and westbrook won't play... He is in the conversation for 6-man of the year. Don't think that only Asians appreciate what he's doing. The people you are referring to are everyday folks who like the fact that a smart, Harvard grad who happens to be Asian broke a lot of stereotypes and is making it in the league.   Why do you think Larry Bird was such a hugely popular player in his day? A poor athlete by most standards comes in to the league and out hustles and out smarts the majority of the league that happens to black. Jackie Robinson coming in to the practically all white MLB? There are quite a few examples, and each time they received overwhelming support from their respective "people" or races because they were heros. Does that make them wrong for supporting those players? you missed the big picture when it comes to Lin...its called inspiration. For a life long rockets fan as you claim to be...I would figure you would have recognized that.       Red Nation fights together.
Daniel Bachrach::you're right in that he is certainly not the only contributor nor the biggest, but his efforts are very important to what the rockets do. With Beverly out, Lin has had to step it up as the starter, and he's come through for his team when needed.
Leland Wong::It is no going to be a walkover, the Pelicans have a great young team in Davis, Holiday, Andersen, Gordon et al. JH need to play defense and move the ball around and to defer PG duties to JL who might be even more athletic than him.
Vincent Lee::JL gotta guard his man and not go nuts on help defense.
Leland Wong::Vincent Lee Many times JL messes up on D bc JH lets his man go. JH does not move his feet on D and do not focus on D.
Quintus Greene::Did Howard just commit a duplicate of the overreach Lin did yesterday? Where's McHale jumping off the bench like he lost his mind, lol.
Josh Schwartz::Good job, Rockets. Solid win over a decent division foe. Great bounce-back game from Howard after his awful previous game due to back stiffness and foul trouble. Now at 21-11, it's a two-horse race for the division between the Spurs and Rockets. Going to be a fun rest of the season!
Leland Wong::DW12 has really made a difference for the Rox. 19 pts a game, 13.7 rebs, 2 asists, 2 blocks per and very ppl dare drive down the paint on the Rox. How about T Jones he is becoming a man in a hurry. JH and JL are playing much better together. Total team efforts the last few games together.
Daniel Bachrach::I think the biggest key has been T Jones. Having a flex four that can shoot, slash, pass, and crash the boards has allowed howard to start playing like the D12 of old. The guards are playing free and aggressive on D knowing Howard is behind to clean up a lot of mistakes. If the rockets can get healthy, continue to improve, and decide on Asik they will be a very difficult opponent come playoff time. One game at a time rockets fans. Lets not get too far ahead. Injuries are always the x-factor.
Leland Wong::Daniel Bachrach It is may bad, I thought Jl can't played D but this season his D has really improved, the Rox be crazy to trade him, even at 15 M he is worth it what do you think? Yes T Jones is becoming a fan favorite, he can really play and have a great attitude.
Daniel Bachrach::Leland Wong- Lin has absolutely improved as you said...his potential is very high.  the beauty of both Lin and Asik's contracts are that they get paid 15 mil each roughly next year,  but the cap hit is only about 8 mil. If Lin continues to improve I don't see Lin being traded. Overall, the value is definitely there because of his numbers but also his economic value. Morey is a genius, and I trust his decision-making. He wouldn't give up Lin or Asik unless he knew we were getting a proven stud or sweet draft picks to open up cap space for a big sign.    Lebron has said he likes what we've done in Houston...but that's a bit farfetched to think about at this point.  this upcoming FA could be the biggest and craziest in NBA history...anything is bound to happen.
Bruce S Hirsch::up until the 4 th quartr..lin was playing like bev....who I like...but is a bench player...guys who can burn  in 4th are special...
Leland Wong::Lin needs to played well all game long that is what he is paid to do.
Karl Heu::Leland Wong Yeah, but that won't always be the case....At least be great when it counts
Leland Wong::Karl Heu Ok, Karl, JL played great defense on Jrue only 3 pts the entire game and forced Jrue into four t/os.
Charles Xav Lee::Lin saves rockets again the in 4th with 10 points and shut down defense on one of the better pg in the league.
Leland Wong::Another great game by DW12, my favorite player, the man is sensational.
Agostinho Felisberto::Thanks Jeremy Lin defense, the rockets won.
Bruce S Hirsch::harden...no hero ball or we lose
Ryan Jerden::Normally I would say no to it but he's got the team around him now that he can isolate like he does and feel no pressure to hit shots. He's done it against the last 3 teams we've beaten in the fourth
Krh Prodctionz::4:11	Jrue Holiday enters the game for Austin Rivers	92-90 Pelicans outscored 17-6 the rest of the way  Hmmmm.........
James Garcia::Parsons is going to be a star. Every game the oppositions announcers take notice of him and always give him praise. We NEED to keep this guy. He's a franchise player.
Kamuela Kane::He's good and worth more than his salary, but that will come. Franchise player...you are joking right?
James Garcia::Not at all. This guy should finish his career in Houston. He has potential.
Jason Vu::Lin had a bad shooting night though he did hit a couple of big 3s late in the 4th quarter. Howard was beasting. He has turned the corner on post ups.
Leland Wong::JL 3 for 11, no wonder McHale is mad. But I hope he plays better in the next few minutes or trade him immediately.  jl 3-11
Selang Tjhin::Do you know about basket ball ,JLin was defend by JHoliday best PG ,and JLin shut out JHoliday with 3 Points only.
Daniel Bachrach::" But I hope he plays better in the next few minutes or trade him immediately.' I'm very glad you aren't the GM of any NBA team. The idea of trading someone based on one performance...and not even a full one is laughable. Don't overreact so much. jeez
Ben Sonicbun Lam::Leland dude we won just chill Lol
Steven Anacker::The kind of game the Rockets had been losing lately. Glad they were able to close this time.
Spidey Pete::You hv to thank Mchale for not benching Lin in 4th
Leland Wong::Time for JH to attack the rim. JL is doing crap. no wonder McHale want to trade him.
Bruce S Hirsch::your an idiot
Leland Wong::Bruce S Hirsch Tell what JL have done all season, yes he is above average as a PG but for 15 M ,no he is not elite. Trade him as I am a JL fan too but the team comes first.
Bruce S Hirsch::Leland Wong your a huge idiot
Leland Wong::Great team win except JL did not show up.
Rotimi Osobu::What 10 point in the 4th is not showing up
Selang Tjhin::He put Holiday 3 poin ts only he dude this is good defense and JLin had his 10 points in 4 Q because Holiday gave him hard time too.
Leland Wong::Selang Tjhin  i did not know that JL had ten points in the 4th.
