Christian Shea Loyacano::Must win for the Cavs...need to win the games you're supposed to win, especially at home, if you want any hope of being in that 8-seed consideration. ALso, need to put some mini win-streaks together to make up for a bad start.
Collin Smith::Why are all yall cavs complaining about bennett. Its not that hes not good, he just dont fit yall team.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Kyrie having trouble keeping pace with John Wall tonight
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to the Wiz fans.    Let's go Cavs!
Nate Gilbo::Wiznation will prevail!
Nick Gilbo::gotta get on a roll
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::can the wizards blow a big lead again against this team twice in a row in the 2nd half?? or what of my -2.5 wizz safe?
Yak Djukanovic::nah doubt it.Wiz are playing amazing right now.
Jen Powell::Cavs need to step up their game. 27th overall... we are better than that
Jen Powell::in points
Craig Pettit::Go Cavs
John K. Kim::Kyrie will also leave Cleveland.  The problem starts at the very top.  You go to the Sloan Sports conference at MIT and take a straw poll on the five worst coaches in the NBA and Mike Brown is on it.  This organization had the greatest basketball player since MJ and couldn't find him adequate teammates.  Basketball is a zero-sum game, and you have to be better than organizations like the Spurs or the Heat, and that will never happen in Cleveland.  I pity Cleveland fans.
George Chip Thayer::Other than learning how to close games, this Wiz team could've beat anyone tonight the way they played.   Good game to the Wiz and their fans   Back to the drawing board for the Cavs.  Let's go Cavs!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Wall averaging 16/10/4 ....... and he's shooting the ball terribly to start the season. But don't be fooled, he won't finish shooting below 40% this season.
Will Bernanke::why did they hire mike brown,  he was garbage with the lakers,  what makes you think that if you cant win with kobe that you can win with Anthony Bennet,  the biggest bust this side of Kwame Brown!,
Leon Debeljak::10 games into season, you're already saying that he is the biggest bust beside Kwame??? Give him a season or even two and then criticize him...this dude has all the tools to become a great player but seems like nervousness has gotten to him...and he's carrying a lot of chip on his shoulders...I would like to see you in the same situation
Jeremy Toburen::Is it too early to start a "Fire Mike Brown (AGAIN!)" campaign? We already saw this movie. It seems like we have a bunch of D-Leaguers and one star.
Jose Raul Machuca::CAVS getting spank at home...shame shame shame  I would ask for my money back.....what a pathetic team..
Ryan Hastings::Combined 7 points from the starters outside of Kyrie Irving is all anyone needs to know about the Cavs this year.
Michael Maiorano::Not sure Bynum will make the trip to new orleans for friday's game.  He's in a bowling league in Akron on friday nites at 9pm.
Brandon Tigues::I said this before I like wall but bradley beal has surpassed him..he's the wizards best player now
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Are you on drugs?
Brandon Tigues::Al-Jaleel Sawab are you on drugs? beal 20.1 ppg 41 percent shooting and he's shooting 45 percent from 3 and he dropped 26 tonight, john wall  16 ppg on 36 percent shooting..lol come on bruh
Michael Maiorano::Bennett had a pretty good game for himself.  Only missed 2 shots and grabbed a rebound.  He's improving
Thomas Johnson::Gotta realize Beal plays off of Wall very well.....he's better when Wall is setting him up
Michael Maiorano::Bynum and Bennett only missed 3 shots combined and had 1 board each.  Heck of a game by those boys!
Yak Djukanovic::IDK what cavs were thinking taking a guy from UNLV with the 1st pick lmao thats a joke..
Al-Jaleel Sawab::He still has potential
Yak Djukanovic::Sorry Cavs fans your team is tanking it this year they want the top pick in the draft.
Brian Lawson::Bennett should have stayed in college for another year. Kid is lost
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Wall is too quick right now. And actually playing the point at a high level.
Michael Maiorano::Well Bynum had a decent game. He only missed 2 shots and he grabbed 1 rebound.
