Kobe Haters...Facepalm::Bryant hit a short jumper with 19 seconds remaining to put the Lakers up 104-100
Mr. Intensity100376::Perhaps the Clips can trade a young Randy Foye for underutliized Bucks vet Stephen Jackson.
Soonerhopeful1::Wish Magic would have won the game, instead of Billups going down....Not worth the win..! The Magic win was way too costly.
mark35345::The Clippers are deep at guard. That's why they have 2 or three guys to take his place. Both Paul and Billups are injury prone.
MIA_ALL_DAY_OR_DIE::what the flying fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
deymayor::Chauncey is a valuable piece but they have Mo Williams off the bench and Foye ready to step up.  I don't think this team will slow down unless Blake goes down.
BullsBearsBlackhawksCubs::Breaking News: Orlando has traded D12 for The white mamba, Brian Scalabrine. good trade?
ohgeez11::That's great for Orlando, but the bulls would have to be stupid to make that trade. I could maybe see that as a possibility if the Magic include jameer, hedo, and reddick. Even then it's debatable as to who got the better end of the trade.
chisox213::I have hated the Lakers since West played. And now to see the Clippers in front makes me say, F the lakers and their ignorant fans!!!!
16Lakers18::I am a big Lakers fan.  I hate to see anyone get hurt but damn everything was going the Clippers way.  First the trade for CP3, then signing butler and billups, then having the second best record in the West, then hearing Kenyon Martin signing with the Clippers.  This is the first bad thing that has happened to the Clipps this season.  Maybe the bad luck the clippers usually have has started to finally show up.
mark35345::We certainly hope so but......this could be an omen for the rest of the season. I know Sterling's Karma has nothing to do with this but......
Mr. Manbroguy::So did Dwight lose it on his teammates again? Cuz from the box score, it looks like he's the only one who played worth a shite.
hyperk1d::No, he just had a big game. Everybody played a fairly good game.
Mattdawg835::Another road win! get use to 2nd or 3rd place Laker Fans, and get yourself a new arena because the Staples Center is Home of the Clippers! where excitement happens...CP3 is the best player in L.A..... sorry Kobe aka...the ball hog! and by the way Shaq,.... Magic Johnson is the greatest Laker ever! clown
16Lakers18::LOL clippers have a better record than the Lakers and their fans act like they won the championship LOL
Mattdawg835::Disagree with the beginning of this article.... "With all the expectations heaped on the Los Angeles Clippers following their offseason makeover, they hadn't been faced with a major dose of adversity through the first part of the season." Oh Yea, CP3 just missed two weeks, that's major adversity...Just admit it so -called experts...The Clippers are the best team in the West!
leftytiger7::Now I don't feel bad about the Knicks losing Billups.
MagicBoltzRays::I think the buffalo curse has struck the clippers once again. you all remember that Bill Simmons Story about two years ago?
Mattdawg835::did just fine without Paul for 2 weeks
bucksnreds::Freakin Tragic....Protect the damn home court you morons... And bench that useless $@% Turkoglu.
hyperk1d::You obviously didn't watch the game. They did bench him. Think before you type.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Dont worry nba2k will leave Billups in the line-up so the band-wagoners can compete.
bmaddox76::Hope Chauncy will be able to return this year. It is cool to see the Clippers have a better record than the Lakers (Though it's like we're in the Twilight Zone)
Mr. Intensity100376::Sad. However, there are a some reliable vets out there who the Clippers can go after in lieu of Billups. Clips can keep Mo then package a trade for old reliables like Ray Allen (Celts did mention "rebuilding") or Andre Miller (as close as one can get to a Billups) or Steph Jackson (underutilized by the Bucks for some reason) or Raja Bell.
MagicBoltzRays::Torn Achilles... return is extremely doubtful, even in playoffs
joetooeasy::I can't believe some people would rather have JR Smith than Chauncey Billups.  This is the same $@%!$@% thinking that caused the Pistons to trade Chauncey for Allen Iverson.  With Chauncey, the Pistons went to 6 straight Eastern Conference Finals.  After trading Chauncey for a flashy scorer, look at where the Pistons are now.  You're really underestimating everything Chauncey brings to the table.
meats29::Couldn't agree more. For some idiotic reason people think that basketball is only about scoring. Chauncey brings so many other things to a team that JR Smith could only dream about. It's freaking embarrasing that people think this way. I wouldn't want JR Smith anywhere near a young team. Talent and scoring isn't everything.
Birdmann._.::mo williams doesn't have to worry about being traid bait anymore
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Why did JJ Redick not get two free throws when Blake grabed the net, It should even be called goal tending , And the play before the Replay showed Nelson did not go out of bounds on the baseline  this game was rigged.
schroer123413123::What do Magic fans think Orlando should do with Dwight??
Telkalynn3013::Wait until after the All-Star game and see if he's changed his mind.  If he hasn't then trade him to any team that is willing to gamble on him getting an extension (which might not be many).  If it's NJ then go for minimum Lopez, Brooks (Marrow if NJ is stupid) and those two 1st round picks they got and try to throw in Turk and Duhon to free up some salary.  Get your extra pieces from this DEEP draft coming up or trade one of them for an established starter.  Still gonna miss him but at least this will give them a future without falling off too much.
smartpappnase::It is not really in the hands of the management right now. They can only trade Howard, if he agrees to get traded somewhere (otherwise he would not sign an extension). All useful trades for Howard would make the team Howard is getting too weaker. I guess Chicago is the only team which can offer much in return for Howard without getting weaker. New Jersey and Dallas can only acquire him in Free Agency and the Lakers need a point guard much more urgently than an improved center. So I guess either they get to terms with Chicago / Lakers, or he will walk in free agency.
schroer123413123::Yeah i am feeling for your team he kinda put the general managements balls in a vice grip they got to do something cant just have him walk like bron
Afrokid86::def trade for bynum without hesitation
MagicBoltzRays::trade him and get back as much as possible, or make one last push at the finals and try to aquire D-will from the Nets.
LAfanforlife805::if billups is out for the season. still dont count the clipper . because Chris paul won with far worst then what the clipper have and dont forget martin still hasnt played
Mattdawg835::exactly.....the Clippers are just fine, mo minutes for mo williams
meats29::Dang, Chauncey may be out for the year. The reports coming out are saying it's not good and he may have tore his achilles. The MRI is going to be tomorrow but apparently it's bad. That sucks.
meats29::Hopefully Mo can step in but losing Chauncey is big.
LAfanforlife805::mo lacks a lot what billups brings but they say mo the better shooter
meats29::Chauncey - Nobody else they have on the bench gives them what he does especially clutch play and leadership. He is very valuable to the team. There are all the intangibles that people don't think about when it comes to him. Not to mention he is by far their best free throw shooter for the end of close games.   JR Smith - I can't stand that guy and i don't think he fits well either.
Telkalynn3013::sarcasm
Birdmann._.::billups is not a good clutch player
LAfanforlife805::i agree he wont be replace. but i still think clipper can do well with the 4 other guys we have it just will be a different team. we will just miss his big shots, his free throws and leadership. but mo was the better shooter. but he will be miss big
LAfanforlife805::i just dont see why people want JR smith he wont fit with the team. with other teams he does but i just wont like him as a clipper
LAfanforlife805::it sucks but the good thing is they were 5 man deep at guard so they wont be the same but they will still be fine
u2rocksme::Damn the Clippers are looking good......
LAfanforlife805::they will be a team to surprise people. there that deep in talent. even if billups is hurt they still have 4 other guys who can step up and now there 4 man deep at PF/C and they have big shot butler
LAfanforlife805::clippers dont need JR smith even if billups is hurt. people can want him all they want but he not a right fit. mo a better player then smith will ever be and foye can step up too since he avg 16 points a game when he started last season. plus they have  Bledsoe back. if anything sign a back up for depth. no to smith.
Chris31708::I notice that when players get big contracts their talent mysteriously seems to disappear overnight.  Hmmm......
abenezer44::clippers arent doing nothing in the playoffs same with the lakers
LAfanforlife805::yea and who has 5 road wins and who has 3?
JJ Coolio at this time based on your first and last name.M::clearly you don't know jack $@%! about basketball dumb $@%!$ go back to your shelf
Blac Dynamite::WHEN is Dwight leaving?  I felt sorry for the guy watching that "team" around him....... BD
be_kool16::there are productive guys on this magic roster. always talented every year with d12. but they need a better coach who can utilize other players more. go get jerry sloan or something
hyperk1d::Better coach? Stan's a great coach! People never appreciate what they have till it's gone.
MagicBoltzRays::you mean J-rich who had 20 points? Nelson who had 15 points and 12 assists? or Ryan Anderson who's been averaging close to 17 ppg this season?
theKingof68::At his point it appears time to blow up line up in Dinsey World. Live here, married here, love here, and Hedo(n't) seems to be on a vacation here, again.
agp_7502::as much as i hate to see chauncey hurt...this will just give the clippers a reason to sign jr smith...jr didnt wanna sit on the bench, and now he wouldnt have to..Imagine smith, griffin and deandre all on the floor..talk about lob city..If chris paul keeps this 4th quarter tear up..he should be your mvp
Bannedbutback::Well there is still Arenas out there also but I think they already took a look at him and were not interested
agp_7502::they can still use an exception on smith, just a veterans miminum..which is a tad less..but cost this year wont play that big a factor seeing as he will get signed to a lengthy deal next year by someone.. If he stated he wanted to play for a winner, the knicks wouldnt make any sense..they cant seem to tell their right from their left
agp_7502::article has smith wanting to play with knicks or lakers..smith had mentioned the clippers but wanted to start So he was leaning towards lakeshow and knicks..Now with billups out, if he is out..this should be a easy transition to bring in smith. He said he wanted to play for a winner
meats29::How exactly would he start for the Lakers? There is a guy named Kobe who plays his position.
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Clippers used the mid level exception on K-Mart ... Knicks will most likely land him.
Bannedbutback::That would really help the Clippers if they can get him.  Have not really heard much on where he might be going.
inquisitiveman::Billups is gone for the season
Bannedbutback::Don't really know that for sure yet
Luclongley_MVP::Nice job Hedo.  zero points in a game what went to OT.  Hats off to you my friend.  You are garbage.
Blac Dynamite::Mo Betta is doing so well as 6th man, I would start Foye over him Making Mo a starter would screw up the team's chemistry BD
Blac Dynamite::Blake Superior avgs 21 pts Chris Paul avgs 19 pts Butler, Mo Betta and Billups avg 15 each  No other team has that depth of scoring talent.  Five guys that get 15-20 pts every night...... BD
Mattdawg835::Kenyon Martin...soon to be averaging 10 and 10
gouconnhuskies3::Scoring depth is the whole reason LeBron has never won a title
gouconnhuskies3::Or the Lakers for that matter when Artest Odom Bynum Gasol Kobe and Fischer Ariza and Shannon Brown were on the team
gouconnhuskies3::What about the Celtics and the Mavs?
Birdmann._.::scoring depth doesn't matter the knicks and suns have showed us that for the last 5 years?
gouconnhuskies3::Going with the sixers as the deepest tem that plays team ball
gouconnhuskies3::Sixers have 5 over 10 and 2 at 9
gouconnhuskies3::Portland has six guys averaging over 10
Blac Dynamite::But not every night BD
gouconnhuskies3::Denver is has like 8 guys who can get you 15
Blac Dynamite::Lakers have 3 players, and 9 stiffs. Next. BD
gouconnhuskies3::Lakers have that depth when coached correctly and not by Kobe
Blac Dynamite::A team that old is never healthy...... BD
gouconnhuskies3::Celtics have that depth in scoring when healthy
Blac Dynamite::You don't know that Calm your ignorance BD
Campioncrunch::Except bill ups is out for the season!
r8rdixie5::Clips will find a way to survive without Billups, but this loss will really ruin them in the playoffs (where they already would have had trouble)
Blac Dynamite::You don't know what the extent of his injury is, so calm down over there. BD
ic0n2900::how dare anyone call me a bandwagon fan. i've been a clippers fan since the chris paul era
GermanKlippa::Beg to differ so, correction there: Devoted Clips Fanatic since the Rodney Rogers. Lamond Murray, Bill Fitch days back then in 96/97......!!  Go CLIPS....!!
Campioncrunch::Looks like the clips are screwed! No Billups makes your guard depth thin $@% hell!
gouconnhuskies3::right the part that decides if you win or not
r8rdixie5::They've played with no CP3 before, injuries are part of the game.
gouconnhuskies3::without a decent SG it dosn't help, billups could get the team by undersized just because of his leadership shooting and ability to take care of the ball... those two are backup PG not even close to starting SG
Campioncrunch::Isn't Bledsoe still injured? Randy Foye is garbage
gouconnhuskies3::thats not even close to what Billups gives you
MagicBoltzRays::no, but they are decent back-ups.
MagicBoltzRays::they still got bledsoe and randy Foye.
AdamSaidThis::W/O billups the team goes into a massive tailspin.  Billups was EASILY the most important piece the media ignored.
Chris31708::True, the Pistons and Knicks fell apart when he left those teams.
gouconnhuskies3::except that now he's hurt so...
Campioncrunch::With the Pistons, and even the knicks! If the Knicks keep Billups, they wouldn't be in the mess they are right now!
gouconnhuskies3::for years
oneandonlyzk5::so let me get this straight. Rose fans coming to bash paul cause he had another good game? makes sense.
dopeNOOByup::unlike the end of your post!
oneandonlyzk5::i guess considering im still in school.. lol.. soooo you gonna go back and suck rose off or???
dopeNOOByup::dont lie about having gone to any english class in your life
oneandonlyzk5::my bad forgot you were my english teacher.
dopeNOOByup::clippers with another hard fought victory against a tough team on the road. meanwhile the lakers lost to philly.
brianmas23::billups season probably over.. torn achillis
Blake3472::Seriously, one of the classiest players of my generation....lost in Boston, reborn in Detroit
dopeNOOByup::damn one minute youre balling on a young, promising team as a veteran leader and the next you're done for life
brianmas23::they say he will be checked again tomorrow to confirm with MRI but not looking good.. 12 month recovery might have ended his career
Blake3472::Mo Williams better show up
dopeNOOByup::that SUCKS . season def over
MagicBoltzRays::Trade Hedo. ASAP
DaBostonStrangler10::Hedo was the man for the Magic three years ago when him and Dwight led them to the Finals. Ever since he got that contract from Toronto he has been so inconsistent.
DaBostonStrangler10::JD Drew
chubby rain::It's called, i have gotten my money, so i don't need to play hard anymore.
gouconnhuskies3::I bet there's teams lining u to absorb that contract vs. results
MagicBoltzRays::only 2 more years left after this one.
dmj2782::Just got back from the game. Good game... Magic didn't win but the effort was there. So it's not a sore loss... Hopefully this translates into a win against Miami.
Blake3472::Blake griffin for Dwight Howard...and the Clips would win the Finals this year
Campioncrunch::If you don't have Billups, you are not making it past the second round! You can take that to the bank!
gouconnhuskies3::ohh man I didn't see that till now... Sad Billups one of the most underrated players of this era
Blake3472::Well, now that Billups is most likely out for the year (and career wise, might have been his last game), Caron is going to have to step up HUGE to carry this team.
Blake3472::Exactly, when healthy...a healthy Butler is one of the few players who can go toe-to-toe with the Kobes, Melos, and Wades in terms of defense and scoring...if he can't stay healthy, Clips are in for a short playoff trip because outside of CP3 Butler is the only guy who can create off the dribble
gouconnhuskies3::exactly, I've always liked the way btler game developed from his college game, kinda relied on his athleticism and was a typical Uconn SF/SG type, but in the NBA he got tough
gouconnhuskies3::I think you underate billups and Butler, when they're healthy they are both HOF qauilty players
Blake3472::You gotta take into account its a series of games, too...its about exposing, then exploiting weaknesses
Blake3472::How can you say that? It's all about matchups come playoff time, and to be honest all the Clips' big men lack a post game. Alley oops and put backs are just hustle plays
gouconnhuskies3::they gotta be healthy, with butler and billups its no garuntee. If everything goes right and Jordan keep improving they have a chance at the Semi' but the west is a rocky road
duende162::Dont do nothing Clippers already got in the bag! Leave the team as is and they at the least make the conference finals!
Blake3472::Seriously...right now, as is, the Clips are a playoff team but I just don't see them making a run...Alley oops and high energy only get you so far
gouconnhuskies3::I thought Wes Johnson was gonna be like that but he's been worse than last year.
gouconnhuskies3::Afflao, James Harden(ain't going no where), honestly that role is lacking these days... Used to be a great tool like mid 2000's with Rip and Ginobli on the scene
gouconnhuskies3::Mid Range screen runner, which is totally lost
Blake3472::Rip was never known for 3's, but he more than made up for it with his hustle and mid range game
oneandonlyzk5::hell no.. we dont want melo.. melo is like a cancer for every team.. every team hes been at is better without him.. think about it.. he shoots to much.. no way.. keep clips how they are
gouconnhuskies3::Who is that these days?
Blake3472::Let's just say that it works out...Howard signs with the Clips..Paul, SG TBD, Butler, Griffin, Howard...all they need is to pick up a defensive minded, sharp shooting guard who knows how to play without the ball...
gouconnhuskies3::Can't trade butler yet
Blake3472::Package Jordan and Butler for Carmelo?
jbhargav::Why would the Knicks do that? They have Tyson, so Jordan is not needed. Amare already plays the 4, so it's not like one of them would slide to PF (and Jefferies already provides defense, along with Jorts and the other Jordan). Meanwhile, Butler for Carmelo?? That still doesn't solve their PG needs (provided that Lin can't). Ridiculous.
gouconnhuskies3::Nah it takes a scoring burden off Howard, and a defensive burden off blake, and it makes the strongest physical front court ever
Blake3472::I don't think Griffin and Howard could co-exist on a court. Not that I'm knocking their abilities to play together, it's just their styles of play are much, much too similar
gouconnhuskies3::I'd wait it out to see if they can get him in free agency... then they win the next 6
olions4::It was nice to see big baby tell the crowd to go fu itself in overtime.  Glad I pay help pay that losers salary
gouconnhuskies3::This season is going to be determined by whether or not Howard is on the magic after the deadline... If he is heat win it, if he goes to any team over in the top 4 of the east or 6 of the west that team goes all the way.
MagicBoltzRays::Hedo's fault tonight. he had a hot start to the season, but he's been total garbage the last 2 weeks.
Philip Rivers is STILL better than Eli.::<b>CLIPPER NATION!</b>
Blake3472::is that you, Phil?
Orlandomagic2323::Get rid of Turkoglu. NOW
