earldaddy3::I hope the Hawks coaches are looking at this fact....The Hawks rarely win a 4th quarter. Teams alway outplay them down the stretch. I believe it's fatigue. LD needs to think bout how to identify the guys dragging on D in the 4 th and sit them for a couple minutes and rotate in a fresh player or two...trust your reserves a little more. And he might want to think about playing jjosh fewer minutes down the stretch. He's a f-ing nightmare with his turnovers and poor shot selection (for him) in the 4th. But overall 19-9 with this roster is fantastic. Better than expected.
jeff050578::Vote David Lee to the all star team
IndyBearFan34::Props to the Hawks for the win, you guys are looking good.   Hibbert needs to start showing up for the Pacers and Stephenson is a joke, wish they would have kept Barbosa rather than resigning that bum.
barancy peloma::stephenson is a good player.
bengalsrgay43034::Stephenson has been doing much more than whats expected of him.  If you want to be mad at someone be mad at green or augustine, they are the guys we paid and aren't living up to it.
HereWeGoBuffalo89::I know the chances of the Hawks winning the title are slim to negative, but this team is fun to watch. They play with heart, everyone gets involved. No more watching Joe Johnson dribble for 20 seconds, followed by a 20 foot fade away. With cap space next summer, the Hawks could lure some top talent to the A (Dwight Howard?)
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Go Hawks we doin work....even without Josh Smith we bring it  100%!
EuropeDude1981::Only 3 more losses than the Thunder. With this roster, can you believe it? Gotta respect the hawks
kblaw1::Roy Hibbert is broken
nargash::The only thing this team doesn't have is defensive stud that every championship team has like Lebron,Seflosha,Artest,Leonard. I think it might cost them in the playoffs but they are very explosive offensively..!!
paul_pierce_wheelchair::ROY HIBBERT IS A BUM, LMAO
CARMELO4LIFE14::hes a bum? he had 1 rebound and a block he's worse than a bum lol
XRAY07508::GO SPURS GO!!!!!!
LetsGoBraves2012::danny ferry &gt; rick sund
LetsGoBraves2012::Hopefully Dwight Howard isnt a stuck up bas.$@%! and he comes to the Hawks next July.  Atlanta is his hometown and the Hawks are under better management now.  Come on Dwight.  Dont be a b.itch.
JustinBooker294::To hell with Dwight, do you see how he can change the chemistry of a team in the wrong way?
John Adams 2nd prez::If the DHoward from 3-4 years ago will show up, ABSOLUTELY.  Not the one that knocked down Kenneth Faried (WHO ??)    If he's gonna play like that, he can stay in LA.
bengalsrgay43034::Roy hibbert mvp
John Adams 2nd prez::I think Danny Ferry is showing people the Hawks are for real. 19-9 and very much in contention in the East.
marquies27::I see the team is buying into LD's philosophy of Dfense and running the floor and its paying off dividends..
austinwantsyou::If sund was still the GM he would have taken some foreign player in the first round that wont see the NBA until 2016
austinwantsyou::Ferry is trying to make the hawks the spurs of the east
John Adams 2nd prez::I'd be ecstatic if the Hawks were to win 4 titles in 9 years.
duttybibs31::you guys boring the game done i leaving its over they win what did they win rings LOL its all in june anyways
earldaddy3::Duttybibs31.....I have a question for you. Here it is...."what?!"
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::now in english
SouthernRebound::Lou, Korver, and Jenkins can flat out drain
zdunn1785::bucks whooping up on the heat and okc whooping up on harden badly
Lemuel7043::"I want you to destroy the Rockets and Harden's morale. No mercy!"  - Sam Presti
Lemuel7043::.
Marty.mcfly2015::roy hibbert = 0 pts, 1 reb, 0 ast  WTF
Haris7781::he got flu yeah right he looked drunk against suns yesterday
Marty.mcfly2015::he's getting $14 million this year to average 9 points a game. that's $1.6 million per point
Lemuel7043::seems reasonable. lol
duttybibs31::jordan did it
duttybibs31::he had the flu tonight he even said so
Marty.mcfly2015::then why did he start and play 21 minutes? sit this joker if he's got the sniffles
Marty.mcfly2015::this clown is a BUM
duttybibs31::he had a block too
Lemuel7043::dominating
Lemuel7043::Portland is interested in Hibbert?
Lemuel7043::ohhh
Lemuel7043::Who are they giving up?
Brandon404770::A BAG OF DOG POOP
zdunn1785::that was last off season
zdunn1785::yea they want to pair him with aldrige
duttybibs31::WE will see you guys again come feb 5 you guys dont forget me i will be here posting like crazy and i hope everyone is not injured cause granger will be back by then so good luck feb 5
Brandon404770::GRANGER SUCKS THOUGH AND JOSH WILL SHUT HIM DOWN AS ALWAYS
Lalamanjr::Hey now guys. Stop your bickering. I think it'll be a good game in February. But keep in mind bud, we will have J Smoove back. Who is a much bigger threat than Zaza. It should be fun.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::yeah yeah yeah, you cry like a girl. We've beat your Pace makers 13 of 15   we won this one banged up more than we've been all season I told you before the game started
zdunn1785::lol he said refs wont cheat like atlanta is a popular team with superstars
Lemuel7043::haha. whatever you say bro
duttybibs31::ohh yea it will be in indiana next game LOL LOL so the refs wont cheat
Lemuel7043::good game.
duttybibs31::i hate basketball
Lemuel7043::haha yeah right.
duttybibs31::they cheat foul on hill no call then call a tech after i hate it hill got fouled
Lalamanjr::He didn't get fouled. They showed the replay like four times. He tripped, I promise sir. You can complain about one call though. Zaza went up to get the rebound and they called it out on Tyler Hansbrough, but it was off of Zaza. But then we went up the court and threw it out of bounds. Jeff threw it out of bounds in an attempt to get it to Kyle Korver. So it balanced out. Overall this was a pretty evenly reffed game. There were some miss calls on both sides. It's not like it were calls that ruined the last minute of the game. Refer to last season's playoffs against the Celtics. Game 6 the HAWKS got cheated like five times in the last three minutes.   P.s. The NBA even came out and apologized to the HAWKS after the game and said "calls were missed." Had it been the other way around the Celtics probably would have gotten the replay, but being Atlanta they didn't get a shot. So I promise the refs have no love for the HAWKS either.  P.p.s. If you want more proof check out the HAWKS vs Heat first game this year. I'm sure you can find it somewhere. Watch the fourth quarter. Full of crap.
austinwantsyou::LD is a freaking moron he needs to give john jenkins more minutes.
zdunn1785::he played enough minutes tonight but he should be given at least 10mins a night at least no doubt
austinwantsyou::Did Josh Smith play ?
austinwantsyou::oh ok
Lemuel7043::injured
austinwantsyou::why
shivyjr::strained right hip flexor
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Nope
Chris31708::The Pacers are 2-10 against teams above .500.  LOL!
duttybibs31::feb 5
duttybibs31::so we will still make it to the playoffs plus its all in june anyways you al always choking in the second round lol
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::LOL remember earlier told you the Hawks still might win by 15 even without Josh, Morrow and Devin?   We own the pace makers 13 out of the last 15
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Bobcats lose AGAIN. I guess they called it a season when they matched last season's win total.
NGplayinskillz::This is Eric Gordon's first game back from injury.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::LOL what? THey were up 21!
duttybibs31::he needs to hire phil jackson
shivyjr::hahahaha Jackson wouldn't go to the bobcats
falconsfan0125::Jordan sucks as an owner.
duttybibs31::im out
duttybibs31::next time we meet i wont forget you
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Lol ok
duttybibs31::why would u say that
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::You were pretty confident before the game about your Pacers
Lemuel7043::Don't go man. hawks fans love you here.
duttybibs31::why
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::What happened?
duttybibs31::about?
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Hey, wait!
Lemuel7043::LOL Charlotte was up by 17 early and now they are losing.
falconsfan0125::Teague is a BEAST!
Lemuel7043::ho hum night for Hibbert.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::At the rate that Jeff Teague is playing in the clutch, Kid-K will have to fight with Venters and EOF for an 8th inning role in Spring Training, lol.
Rexanilatorz::Vogel should have put in Mahimi over Psycho T that move made no sense but sitting Hibbert was smart
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Good game Pacers. Go Hawks  #CHUCKSTRONG
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Big Joe-  Halo?
bigjoe93ATLANTA::No doubt!
Lemuel7043::GG HAWKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Good game Pacers fans, and good luck to the Colts. WOOOOO HAWKS!!!!
WillyDub::Sitting Hibbert didnt work out so well did it?
CTYHNTR::Would leaving him out there while playing like crap have helped more?
hussein623::gg pacers, go hawks, and im out
Jeff_ Teague::The Magic lost to the Raptors by 35.
hussein623::lookin good in the fourth jeff
bigjoe93ATLANTA::lolmagic
leo9212::ohh dam
mrclarion::19-9....Watch out Knicks. We r for real.
MasterOfLogic::Atlanta has scored in 8 straight possessions... that's known as lockdown defense.... for the Pacers.
zkline00::i felt the pacers were playing decent D most of the game, you guys were just on.
MasterOfLogic::Excuse me.... 9 straight possessions.
leo9212::lol ciroc player of the game
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Also sponsored by KFC and Kool-Aid(grape)....
matt25485::im done with this pitiful game, see you guys
bengalsrgay43034::oh well, atlanta is a damn good team, dont feel too bad about this loss. at least we are beating all the bad teams
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Dagger.
0ffense::pacers brought it within 3, refs miss a hawks offensive foul, miss a defensive foul coming the other way and call a tech on the guy that was fouled.   pacers could've came back.
zdunn1785::I guess teague is our clutch guy haha
Lalamanjr::Horford? Before Jeff started his rant Horford hit two big shots.
hussein623::lou will?
zdunn1785::korver and teague has did more in the clutch so far than lou,but yea lou is clutch also
zdunn1785::oh and korver also
Rexanilatorz::Start Mahimi and Bring Plumlee off the bench teach HIbbert a lesson
