Forkitout24::Michael Redd to PHX!! I knew something was cooking!! http://tracking.si.com/2011/12/29/michael-redd-expected-to-sign-with-phoenix-suns-today/
killahs_ghost::It's not 2006.
PartyLikeACaveman::hope it works out better than vince carter... if not, let steve go free
New Jet Fan 44::please send Nash to the Lakers....he could really help them without having to carry the team on his old tired back
PartyLikeACaveman::yeah, you know every 2 time mvp should be judged by one game
TheFirm22::very good point bro: specially considering he had 14 and 12 just two nights ago against NO
tatashady::No thanks.  The Lakers don't need his 4 points and one assist.  He is done.
PartyLikeACaveman::you realize that a little odd to say when the lakers are starting Fisher at the point right?
Forkitout24::NOT Done Dude! Respect Nash!!
Rickster7218::Need to see more Hakim in there the guy produces giving the minutes...
bamadave92::Come on Gentry you need to make some trades.
LAdude::It's the owner that needs to support his team instead of just reaping the cash from teams that go over the salary cap.  He's an ex-banker.  What do you expect?
KentAZ58::It's going to be a long, long year for us Suns fans.  This team can neither score nor defend, and there isn't one go-to guy.
birdman._.::wtf steve nash what were you doing? did he get injured why only 17 mins?
Baron Harkonnen::Okay, when your opponent's point guards combine to shoot 8-for-26 and Nash still looks like the weakest PG out there .... that ain't good.
Forkitout24::I AM NOT GIVING UP ON NASH!! He has one bad game (in his entire CAREER) and people are smash mouthing him.  Just wait.
Forkitout24::Told ya!! Michael Redd to PHX!! I knew something was cooking!! http://tracking.si.com/2011/12/29/michael-redd-expected-to-sign-with-phoenix-suns-today/
matthim_cauthon::Suns are no good anymore. Nash only has a few years left in him. He should up himself and come over to Miami and get himself a championship. He is my favourite non Heat player. It would be perfect if he came over. He is a Tottenham fan as well which makes him a Legend.
Unbiasedfan83::tatashady sounds like the name of a 40 yr old virgin.shut up.
tatashady::Maybe if Dwight Howard went to the Heat your pathetic team could actually win one for King No Ring.
MissBikini::Suns and Jazz are going to be the bottom of the West.
PACKERS-ARE-NUMERO-UNO::at this point im hoping for a top 5 pick. hopefully they can draft someone who knows how to play... and I hate to say this but deal Nash before his contract is up so we can at least get something in return... IE: We got nothing for Stoudemire.
kennyberthelot11::seriously... where is the aggression suns? who creates their own shot? i watched the whole roster look to pass the ball to someone else tonight. even gortat. for pete's sake, attack the dang rim. free throws are good things. you guys have no inside game
MissBikini::Nash can only be an offensive punch off the bench of some playoff team at this stage. His days as a focal point are over.
killahs_ghost::I'm watching the replay now. He's done.   He air-balled a layup with a 1 point lead in the 1st, 16-15. He's was terrible. He's slow. It's over. 17 years. he's done.
kennyberthelot11::you're wrong. he actually played decent D tonight. stayed in front of jrue holiday on most all possessions that i noticed, with some help D but that's always needed against a quick guard. he had one assist tonight  but he only played 17 minutes because we dumped this game pretty early . just a frustrating night all around because nobody was hitting and nash felt he had to do it alone and was too frustrated. dont judge nash from this one game. you can only judge the team, which completely tanked this one
killahs_ghost::It can happen overnight. Guys just lose their legs. And he looked terrible. Brutal tonight.
PACKERS-ARE-NUMERO-UNO::what? Nash can still pass the ball with the best of them. He lead the league in assists just last year.... smh
killahs_ghost::He's 38. He's lost a couple steps.  Some people think he's still 29.
Shadowyfigure012::Can we please just tank the season and start over?  Boycott games so Sarver gets the message that we're tired of his crap.
Iladelphia::I think Vucevic can turn into a pretty good player. As long as he improves on defense he has a nice offensive game.
All.He.Does.Is.Win::this team will finish way below .500.
cleb976::I think .450...that was just a bad night for us, we should start clicking after a while
Forkitout24::maybe
AtlanticD::Absolutely, I think the Suns, in that conference, will be below .500 too...
AtlanticD::Had to miss the game because of work but seeing 11-3 TO differential had to have made a significant impact on this one...  Show Ya Luv!!  Go Sixers baby!
Forkitout24::Looks like a "lottery year" for my Suns!  It is hard to tell this soon but I pray my Suns will at least Beat LA!!! and Spurs!!
Iladelphia::Sixers played a real good game tonight. Love that everyone gets in on the scoring act.
Nezneld::one bad game after leading the league in assists last year and he's washed up now? ha...don't be so ignorant.
killahs_ghost::Nash is who we thought he was: Washed up.
cleb976::Washed up is Vince Carter, Kevin Garnett, and Manu Ginobli...not Steve Nash!
kennyberthelot11::NASH is not washed up. he has no help
Forkitout24::I tend to disagree. Lets review his numbers after a few more games. You forgot he is like Larry Bird in that he will leave on his terms. He will go out with a BANG. Please do not accuse him of being washed up after a poor showing tonight.
killahs_ghost::Holiday - 15 pts, 2 asts, 3 rebs Nash - 4 pts, 1 ast, 6 TOs. LMAO
Forkitout24::Nash was not Nash tonight. We both know it. He will return.
Forkitout24::Holiday is who we thought he was.
thedookers::SHANNON BROWN YOU GET WHAT YOU DESERVE YOU GREEDY BUM ....... THANKS PHILLY ....GO LAKERS
RoweBoat4sure::what a worthless move to get shannon brown...we are going no where the next 3 years lets get rid of all these old players while we can and start the rebuild,,,,we need to start with a great young pg and center, wish management would grow a pair and thin about replacing nash its time
Forkitout24::Shannon 7 teams in 4 yrs. Suns should ship him out before all star break.
killahs_ghost::Yeah. How dare he make the most money he possibly can?
SpidaChan22::What none of you see is that the suns are having a rebuilding season this year. There seeing who they want to keep on the roster(Markeif Morris, Telfair, Price, Dudley, Gortat, &amp; Lopez would be good choices) and then there going to cut the loose strings. They already have good cap and with Howard possibly entering free agency plus Stoudemire 2.0(Andre Drummond) and the next Kobe Bryant(Harrison Barnes) in the draft. Phoenix knows what their doing. Nash either stays one or two more seasons or he gets shipped off for money and draft picks this season. Suns choice.
KentAZ58::Your optimism is admirable.  However you have to remember that the Sarver is one of the cheapest owners in the league (reports indicated that it was primarily he and that idiot Dan Gilberrt of the Cavs whose hard stance among the owners prolonged the lockout).    So even if the Suns do have cap space can we have faith that Sarver will spend the money?  As a Suns fan, I'd like to think so but I seriously doubt it.  I don't think winning is a priority for this organization.
Forkitout24::Great points Spidey!!
bucksnreds::Good job Evan Turner - playing 29 min - more than several starters and scoring 12 points. Buckeyes everywhere rooting for you and the 76ers.
bucksnreds::yea - he was bringing his alma mater a bad name last year because of his attitude. There were rumors that the 76ers coach had even contacted Thad Matta to find out how he coached Evan since he was not being a sponge and absorbing the coaching input. I hope all that is history though now.
killahs_ghost::Turner can play. He needs a better jumper if he wants to take the next step. But as is, he can definitely contribute
Arbyrick::Im an alumnus of unlv and i think the rebels could beat the suns......
KentAZ58::They're bad but not that bad.  The bench warmers on an NBA team were standouts in college.
Forkitout24::Only the "Grandma ma" team could have.
CharlesBuzz10::Good time to be a Sixers fan. Love every player we have, and we looked like a team tonight. Knowing the Celtics aren't looking so hot, we could win this conference.
killahs_ghost::Sixers are looking at a realistic shot at the 3 to 5 seed. They wont finish ahead of Chicago or Miami. Orlando and ATL  could be running neck-and-neck with the Sixers. Should be a fun season.
PHILAFANinVA::division, you mean
MattandRyan2428::i like this whole everyone chippin' in type thing but id really like to see that one guy that separates himself as the leader on this team...we need that one guy that we know will have the ball with the game on the line..i understand riding the hot hand but its too inconsistent and sometimes you put players in positions late in games theyre not used to be in..will it be Jrue or E.T in the future? i guess we will see
killahs_ghost::Jrue, ET and Thad. And you can't find anything bad to say about how great Iggy's been so far. I kind of like his and EB's veteran presence.  I mean, Jrue - 21, Hawes - 23, Thad - 23, ET - 23, Vuc - 21, Meeks - 24,.  The Vet presence can only help. Especially vets like EB and Iggy. Iggy gets everyone involved and EB is a leader in the locker room.
dominick marotta::this is a great road win out west for us. even though the suns are a bad team. take nothing away from the fact the sixers played a great team game tonight
dominick marotta::another year of chemistry that will not happen this year. andre iggy is the guy with the ball at end of game or drue.. teamwork wins games not one superstar on a team. sixers will prove that this year mark my words. sixers make noise this year
wathoma1::it is important that they do not play down to their opponents, which was a problem last year.
cleb976::Worst game of Steve Nash's career in my opinion...one assist is just awful for a guy like Steve. Overall a great game for the Sixers and a really bad game for the Suns.
Forkitout24::LOL people are already writing Steve off. I concur. ONE BAD GAME people so please do not cast stones.
cleb976::I'm just pointing out the fact that he had a bad game...never before have a seen something like that from Nash, I still think he'll lead the league in assists and win us some games but I was just pointing out the obvious.
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::On another note, I actually love the fact that their roster is pretty much exactly the same as last year
Eric-griz::I miss Shawn Bradley and Jeff Ruland.
wathoma1::right now lou has to be the front runner.
garland77327::A-men
dominick marotta::i love the players we got. love evan turner off the bench, love lou williams also.. thad is 6th man of the year.
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::yessir
wathoma1::as do i. watching a team grow together makes them much easier to root for, instead of a revolving door of unlikable players.
garland77327::Sixers will not dissapoint this year....could make it to the eastern conference finals
cleb976::They play good D and capitalize on their possesions, not a Championship team but they could go far.
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::I love the chemistry I'm seeing from the 76ers! Hoping for a great season to come!
wathoma1::yea but with eddie jordan, guaranteed championship
dominick marotta::every season should be 66 games. 82 is way too much. this makes evry game count. i love this season already, two games in. love the d and run and gun style the get out and go offense. doug collins is a basketball genious.
dominick marotta::sure they wanted the heat in the finals. they would do anything to get the heat there.
wathoma1::and that series was the heavily influenced by the officials.
dominick marotta::but after that bad start we played great. we took it to the heat who were heavily favored. this year is different. one more year of chemistry.
dominick marotta::that is the way the sixers play. everyone plays we win
dominick marotta::yes he did, not taking away what bulls coach did, but bulls have better talent, we have more heart
wathoma1::had it not been for that 3-13 start i think he would have taken it
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::agreed
wathoma1::the box score tells the full story. everyone chipped in.
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::yeah if you like at the minutes everyone is getting great time (who is playing of course)
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::he deserved it last year too
dominick marotta::i agree. defense is great and we like to run.. doug collis is great coach give him coach of the year
dominick marotta::looking forward to my season tickets this year for once... go sixers..
trentoncorea::did we trade places.. FnA suns
Los suns::Suck my dick $arver
Forkitout24::I have to agree that Robert needs to choke on co ck.
trentoncorea::agree
timfactor7::the suns are the worst team in the western conference and better trade nash before it's too late. the 76ers did a nice job of bouncing back from the portland loss and might be better than boston this season in the atlantic division.
dominick marotta::sixers are up there with bulls and heat now. celtics old magic suck...
trentoncorea::no trade gortat
wathoma1::seeya next game. 76ers, les go.
dominick marotta::great win for sixers although it is only a very bad suns team, but at least we won this game on the road and won big..
3245Ryan::they are not "right up there with the bulls and heat"......... that is silly and ridiculous comment. They may be equal with boston right now (because pierce isnt playing) but any team that's highlight is their coach cant be that great..   That said, i love collins and I love their style of play.. but I still have realistic expectations. I hope you are right and make me eat my words.
dominick marotta::yes they did.. with boston being old and magic on decline sixers are right up there with the bulls and heat, anything can happen in short season with this young hungry team coached by doug collins.
marq_aurelius::did what they were supposed to do
marq_aurelius::good game sixers!!!!
trentoncorea::Sarver is the new Cardinals owner who didnt like spending money... they need to take a look at the management with the dimondbacks
philliephan241224::lol @ Telfair driving with 5 seconds left in a 20 pt game.  Scrub.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Alright good game Sixers. Every body come back next game
MightyMoonWorm::Boo those men!
MightyMoonWorm::Beautiful!
philliephan241224::http://www.phillysportscentral.com/forums/images/smilies/boo-this-man.gif
dominick marotta::sixers play great defense and like to get out and run. they can make some noise in this shorten season. every season should be this short. season is way too long..
wathoma1::agreed. 82 games and then the playoffs with all seven game series. fans would also be more interested.
trentoncorea::i agree not kerrs fault... it starts at the top and that is sarver... when you dont want to spend money good luck in the future.
trentoncorea::agree
trentoncorea::kerr knew a bad situtation when he saw it...
steviebizzle::I also agree. Saver is to blame. Not Kerr. Kerr should still be the GM.
wathoma1::which lopez brother is the bigger bust?
wathoma1::which commenter has no business being here?
Metropolitans Est.1962::Brooke Lopez is not a bust
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Go love up on the Wilpons
MightyMoonWorm::Oh no, he has a booboo on his knee.
marq_aurelius::jrue went down limped to the bench... not good
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He ok
marq_aurelius::whats with the $@%!$@ mets fans
wathoma1::still pissed about that epic collapse in '07
Frank Reynolds is back 4::That dude is just the biggest hater on these boards...
Metropolitans Est.1962::Wow the Suns are pretty pathetic not to win against  pathetic Philly!
marq_aurelius::bernie madoff's biggest regret was rooting for the mets
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES 08 CHAMPIONS::This dude is going to be mad when David Wright gets traded to Phillies ha
Frank Reynolds is back 4::That is the death of that team lol...I love it
philliephan241224::<b>lol at the Mutts!<b></b></b>
Frank Reynolds is back 4::The mess
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yet not as bad as the mets
rockchalkfail::Its sad what Steve Kerr did to the Suns. They were a very good and deep team and now after all his screw ups they are depleted and have nothing and he ran back to TV. He should be ashamed to ever show his face there again and sure as hell cant talk bad about any other coach, team or GM because he has no clue how to win in basketball. He never earned one of his rings but acts like he was one of the greatest to ever play the game.
Los suns::This post is ignorance at its best.....get a clue bud
trentoncorea::steve kerr did well and snagged so many good players however sarver didnt want to spend money to keep them... kerr knew we were going to suck so he left.. its sarvers fault
steviebizzle::Sarver was the bigger idiot selling away all our draft picks and letting Amare go.
Forkitout24::Biggest mistake letting STAT go!! Who is our franchise player now? Do not say Steve! He is reviewing his retirement plan as we speak, along with Grant.
rockchalkfail::Kerr was the idiot who started the problems when he got SHAQ
steviebizzle::What Sarver did. Kerr got the Suns to the Western Conference Finals.. Then got let go.
marq_aurelius::price is the suns best young player along with twin
trentoncorea::susns should have kept goran dragic
trentoncorea::however they were like we dont see a future in him but we do with brroks and hes in china and will come back as a free agent... what losers the suns are.. poor management
wathoma1::who knows how morris is gonna be
wathoma1::you know how i know the suns are gay? they have sebastian telfair...
trentoncorea::right when they could have grabed jj berara
