Dwonne Knight::Fire Dumars, Hire Laimbeer....PERIOD
Timothy J. Casey::Man, we should've hired him years ago. Instead we get bums like Lawrence Frank and Mo Cheeks.
Shanny Salcedo::Mo Cheeks is so dumb lol....If you are losing games and want to see results then switch up the lineup....Move Monroe to the bench, Smith to the 4(his natural position), and start Kyle Singler at the 3 to space the floor....Obviously Stuckey's absence has hurt the team but it still doesn't make sense to have 2 power forwards and a center out on the court at the same time knowing full well that perimeter shooting has suffered as a result
Dwonne Knight::Soooooo, sooooo obvious!
Randy Dixon::Bottom line cheeks is a horrible coach....got fired in Philly...got fired in Portland now you let him coach Josh Smith & Brandon Jennings lol Detroit never had a chance with him as coach & signing those two guys
Cory Nope::Trade Monroe for a quality 3pt shooting SF. Problem solved.
Scott Carter::Pistons should trade for JR Smith. Based on our play lately, something tells me he'd fit right in.
Mark Mattson::ya, let's make another move to put the team behind.
Scott Carter::A sarcastic way of referring to the king of the New York Bricks
Wild Silverback::Get it Sixers !!
Craig Kaufman::Sixers rebounding is horrid... giving up that many offensive rebounds and not crashing the boards is just pathetic.
Mark Mattson::if smith would just stop taking those long jumpers and 3 pointers he could be an all-star.  instead he is a below average player on most nights.  he has been big tonight though.
Joshua Hsu::the under in the 2nd half seemed like an easy play with pistons shooting so many free throws and sixers shooting 50+% in the first half. no way that pace was staying up.
Brent B Jacoby::drummond asserting himself on the defensive end!!! finally!! 8 3 point attempts for smith....i am going to go crazy!!!
Joel Bastareche::if pistons loss again,its a shame!the original bad boys never loss 6 in a row..chuck daly will never tolerate this
Mark Mattson::hey mo...KEEP JENNINGS ON THE BENCH IN THE SECOND HALF!  the pistons play so much better when he is in warm-ups.
Daniel Doyle::Brandon Jennings is the worst starting pg in the league.  How did this brick chucker get a big contract?
Mark Mattson::because joe D is dumb enough to be willing to do a sign and trade for him
Joshua Hsu::also, how many layups and baby jumpers in the lane have been missed this half??? craziness.
Rob Borders::Good point, Joshua. Many teams struggling with hitting layups.
Mark Mattson::detroit has 62 rebounds and 14 blocks with a minute still left.  the bigs are in BEAST MODE!
Mark Mattson::how bad is the piston's backcourt right now?  will bynum is probably the best PG on the team.
Danny Harvey::josh smiths shot is about as broke as the city of detroit itself!
Gale Sindico::easy over first half! Thanks for not playing any defense.
Brett Reid::talk about taking your foot off the gas philly... ugh..
Tyler Sonoga::Why can't Josh Smith play like Josh Smith every game?
Danny Harvey::i am wondering da same thing
Brett Goldman::Lets just say this is not a defensive match up
Ron Schaffer::Somebody had to win tonight.
Angelo Emanuel Buttigieg::Finally...
Mike Williams::holy we won
Henry Adamson::smh
Kevin Russell::http://kevinrussell7571.wix.com/vipsportspicks
