aaronernest504::I am wearing a hoodie, talking to my girlfriend.  I am 17 years old and weigh 140 LBS.  As I am walking at night, a 28 year old man jumps out of his truck, he weighs twice what I do and is yelling at me.  I have a pack of skittles and an ice tea in my pocket.  He has a gun in his pocket.  Minutes later the 140LB kid is dead, his weapons of an ice tea and skittles are still in his pocket.  Friends of Zimmerman, the cops(Zimmerman it was common knowledge wanted to be a cop)  Do not do a GSR, Gun Shot Residue  Do not take his clothes as evidence  Do not take him in  Do not arrest him  Do not take his gun  Do not take his blood for a drug test  They do let him go  They believe whatever he says  Fact---Police chief is gone and officers involved can kiss their incompetent cop careers goodbye.  Fact---They took the dead guys blood for tests not the shooter,this alone will doom these idiots from ever putting on a badge again.  Fact---Cops ignored witnesses that did not agree with their accounts.
crimson-knights123::tell that to somone who gives a f*ck.
CBass1317::Harden is the best 2 guard in the league right now not named Kobe or Wade (and even that is debatable).  Thunder fans better enjoy him for now because there is no way they can keep Durant, Westbrook and Harden, paid and happy, and still put a serviceable front line out there.  This is the year for these three IMO.  Thunder look good enough to win the title.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Harden already has stated that he will be in OKC for years. He said he wasn't "worried about money, it takes care of it's self. I love this team and wouldn't throw away what we have coming over money". I don't have reason not to beleave him. Some of these players want to win more then anything and I see that with the Thunder team the whole team.
springfresh33::Let's hope he feels that way when he becomes a FA. Granted he keeps this going, he will be worth quite a lot.
springfresh33::Defense needs work and consistency.  There is no doubt that their offense is high powered and explosive
Matthew Borba::I wouldn't be so sure about that, These guys want to win above anything else.
Thunderjunky86::congrats Durant  for getting NBA player of the week bro
_CelticThunder_350_::This is a complete joke. I click on the link to this boxscore and it takes me to Phoenix-San Antonio.
Noondog112378::FGA
LSD_hookem::Nice win Thunder!! I do like LA and that Hickson had a nice game too.
yousername::hey give me an educated answer why the thunder can beat the following west: spurs, nuggets, lakers, and mavs i guess. then tell me why you can get past any east namely: heat, bulls, magic, cuz i think you can but i need a home fans pov cuz im a magic fan and i enjoy making fun of lakers fans
AustinReed8::^^^^ Basically paraphrasing what I already said. @ Andrew, OKC won't double D12 the whole time but I know they would be ignorant not to put pressure on him and have guys like Ibaka keeping an eye on him and stepping up to him when he goes up. And when D12 is posted up down low I'm willing to bet that he would have someone right in his hip pocket ready to get a steal. I don't think Magic stand a chance. They have worse mental issues than the Lakers do.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Spurs great reg season team, but no way they can keep up with OKC in a 7 game series. Just told old to keep up with the young Thunder by game 5 or 6 spurs will have nothing left in the tank. Just like last years first round. Besides they would have to make the WCF to see OKC and we all know that's not going to happen. Mavs well no team is worried about them. Nuggets just don't have that star they need to get them team hyped up. Lakers are to inconsistent to be threat. I don't even worry about the east until the Finals. No reason to, besides I got a feeling it's the Bulls that come out of the East, way more depth then the heat. You have to have depth in the post-season.
AndrewJWEelch::When the Thunder played the Magic earlier in the year. They didn't double D12, and Anderson shot the lights out the first half, but was contained the second half. Perkins actually can body D12 pretty well without much help.
AustinReed8::Sorry for all the posts. Computer wouldn't let me post it in one post.
AustinReed8::Magic: Don't know much about them but I'm sure KD would guard Anderson and would cool him down a lot. If not, Sefolosha could keep him quiet. And D12 will be asking for the ball a lot, as he SHOULD, but the Thunder would double him down low and I would be willing to bet he would see a lot of Westbrook and Sefolosha stepping into his hip pocket any time he tried to post up against Perkins and Ibaka. I would say Magic would lose in 5. They lack bench, consistency out of anyone other than D12 and Anderson and they have got some serious mental issues at random times that cause them to totally melt down.
AustinReed8::EAST Heat: LBJ brings them down when it's crunch time. The opposite is true for KD and the Thunder squad in general. They get frustrated and self destruct. Their starters are arguably the best starting lineup in the league but their bench kills them. OKC's bench is the BIGGEST reason OKC would win. If our bench plays poorly against the Heat I say OKC loses in 6. If they continue to play lie they are, I say OKC in 7. Bulls: Great defensive team but will have a difficult time keeping their bigs energized in a 7 game and I just think OKC's bigs are more aggressive than the Bulls' on both sides of the ball. I think OKC pounds the Bulls down low and wins in 7.
AustinReed8::WEST Spurs &amp; Mavs: Can't run with OKC for 7 games. Lakers: Scratching and clawing for every game they win. Including games to teams under .500. Something is just missing this year. Nuggets: Got a good bench but just don't have the star power to match up with OKC.
AustinReed8::The simple, shortest answer is BENCH. Having the best bench in the league (I would even say by a landslide) is what's going to carry us to the Championship. Keeping guys like KD, Russ and Sefelosha fresh is a big help. When you can bring guys like Harden, Collison, Reggie Jackson and Derek Fisher off the bench to keep your starters fresh every team mentioned above will have a rough time going 7 games with us. We're too fast and too deep. And trash all that talk about OKC being a "young team". If that's the biggest concern OKC has I think that's awesome! If it wasn't for Dirk, Terry and Kidd playing out of their minds OKC might already have a ring. I just think this team is ready. They are right where they want to be and have all the pieces in place. Now, they've just got to cross their T's and dot their I's come playoff time.
2kobeisgood4::£1000 oklahoma don't win the west
yousername::too slow..back to  telling those $@%!$@% at the lakers forum that you can beat them...
AustinReed8::I'll be totally honest with everyone who doesn't live in Oklahoma and wonders how we feel about Seattle fans. Honestly and truly, we don't hate them at all. In fact, the general feeling among ALL Thunder fans here in Oklahoma is that we just really don't care. And the fact that we have to listen to Seattle cry about losing their team 4 years later, or whatever its been, has become overwhelmingly annoying and obnoxious. And sickening. And most of all, embarrassing that we even have to be remotely connected to those fools in any way... There's no bad blood. We just wanna be left alone, already.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Clay Bennet did what any owner would have done. It was about money, they were not making it in Seattle. They knew they could in OKC. From the Hornets time there. Look at it since moving, it just keeps making more and more each year. It didn't in Seattle, anyone with a brain will choose making money over losing money. Bennet didn't do anything  wrong the, Seattle failed to pass a tax for a new arena. Oh don't forget thar they didn't sell out a game in the last 10 years they were there. Fans from there should blame themselves for not supporting the Sonics and forcing the move. As for the Sonics fans that don't cry about it, Thank You and are welcome to be apart of the Greatest team in the NBA. Let's Go Thunder!!!!!
rds731::New Orleans
rds731::I think it was Bennet's original intent to rebuild the Sonics and sell them at a profit when a team was available for OKC. Plan B was to move the Sonics. I think that changed when Seattle's city leaders treated him like some rich dumb hillbilly (which he is not). From then on, the plan was to move the team. At every turn the Seattle leadership bungled the deal.
AustinReed8::Plus, imagine the rivalry that would create between the Thunder and future Seattle team. It would be a nasty rivalry for sure.  Just know that OKC doesn't wish bad on Seattle.
HOTDALLAS88::Guys,this was the best  post ever! OKC all the way!!!!!
AustinReed8::Well hopefully some miracle will happen and Seattle will get a team. That would at least get them out of our hair! Sorry, not trying to be rude, just saying. Classy post, by the way! Glad to know not ALL Seattle fans think OKC is the anti-christ. And good info on the arena situation. Seems like good work on the part of the city and it's people. Best of luck to you all in the future! Hope it brings the NBA back to life in Seattle so OKC doesn't have to hear this broken record for another 4 years from those few ignorant clowns who call themselves fans.
odiesihs::As a former Sonics fan, and I think I can speak for the majority,  we personally DON'T look down on, or have anything against OKC, the thunder, the players, or the fans. In fact, many of us still cheer for them since they WERE the sonics. (maybe we're not so fond Bennett though. If it was his original intention to move to the team, then be blunt and honest. don't pretend otherwise or claim that you tried your best to keep the team in the city; would have made it more bearable). We do have quite a few unsympathetic, selfish, hypocrtical fans that make themselves noticed though, I hope you don't attribute the actions and thoughts of a few, noticeable, former Sonics fans to everyone that use to be one. I wish the Thunder best of luck as I believe they can potentially win it all this year  While these "fans" have been complaining, the rest of Seattle has actually been working to get a new arena for NBA/NHL, and they are practically all drawn up.  Once they are passed, Seattle could be back in the NBA, and playing in the old arena as the new arena is built, as soon as next year. The only thing stopping the arena from getting built is that it has to be guaranteed that Seattle would get a new team. The problem with getting another team though, is that under the current NBA model, they will have to "take" another city's team, which will leave those fans feeling like how the Seattle fans felt when the sonics became the thunder. Also, Seattle would get crap from that team the same way OKC gets crap from SOME Seattle fans right now. Also, there aren't any teams that are in dire financial situations that would require moving, and Stern has also said that an expansion team is out of the question.
yousername::george carl needs a different job
yousername::seattle = kemp and payton that was as dope as ever i will see....that was stockton and malone +++++++100000 with no coach to tell them how to spend it
AustinReed8::You'd think after all this time they would just move on and start over if their city was as "GREAT" as they all profess. The way they talk is so funny. They talk about how they could sell out arenas this, that and the other, yet they're still crying and following us around sporting their out of date jerseys like it's going to change something. If they're that upset about it you would think they would keep their dumb@$^es at home and start trying to figure a way to support a team of their own. Rather than looking like OKC mega fan boys in disguise.
Raider6768::Sad part is, is Seattle fans have no reason to have disdain  towards OKC, only that Starbucks idiot who stole their team.  Not OKC's fault that Seattle coulnd't man up and build an arena and they ended up with a new team.
Raider6768::A few comments questions from this game.  Who the he11 is JJ Hickson (nice game though).  Why did we not just give craford away?  Those 9 shots he took could have been much better distributed somewhere else.  Is it time to ax the Batum experiment and get rid of him for whatever value he has left?  He's no Pippen, never will be pippen and is now looking a lot more like  Toni Kukoc with no supporting cast to make him look better than he really is.  Paul Allen either needs to sell this team or back away and only involve his money, not his thinking.  They need a GM with full control and PA to jst write checks and nothing else.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Fran why do you have problem with a fan keeping it real. Everything he said is true. Guess you are one of those part timer fans. Raider look what Allen had done in the past, he took Oden over Durant. Bet he hates it every time KD goes to Portland, and leaves with a win. Stick in there can't be bad all the time.
FranciscoKern::Shut the f- up.
hittinthe777::I found a sports betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. Hope this helps anyone thats tired of now winning their bets
odiesihs::Was at the game earlier tonight, a WHOOOLE lot of green and yellow all throughout the crowd
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::^ and that guys is a former Sonics fan. See some do know what being a real fan is.
odiesihs::complaining is easier than taking action
AustinReed8::Yeah, that's too bad. Never saw a single green and yellow jersey on the court. Just a testament to how delusional those Sonic freaks are. It's become completely annoying at this point. What great cities are going to have their team "taken" from then and then sit around and cry about it for 4 years? Pretty sure if their city was worth a crap they would stop crying and just get another team.
screwhead2305::i feel badd for portland.. but its time to blow this squad up
manbearpirg::Durant 10-14, 25 pts  Kobe 9-24, 30 pts  Kobe is desperately gunning for that scoring title.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::That's all Kobe can get, no 6 rings for him. Jordans still better.
muel5708::Durant is so overrated.  He can't get his teammates involved and doesn't get the best of them.   Westbrooks penetration is the engine of this team
JeremiahB17::Lmao the fat face dude who sits on his couch all day called KD overrated! What an idiot learn about the game moron
Liberal Feminist::Did you not see Durant dominate the Heat by getting his teamates the ball a la 8 assist?  Get out of here troll.  Know the game before you start sounding like an idiot.
screwhead2305::Durant is the defending scoring champ!!! not a point guard bro
crmacdo::2 time defending champ.... just to nit pick
the myth.::shut up kid.
HopeYouForgiveMe::Westbrook is better than Durant. I'm sorry but it's true
Thomas154813::get the f outta here, westbrook is just a little energized rat who puts up hella shots and can be streaky at times.. Durant is the heart and soul of the team and is the best player in the league in my opinion, and Im a Kobe fan
Raider6768::I can forgive you but your statment is about the dumbest on this board.  RB doesn't deserve the right to hold KD's jock.
screwhead2305::Durant is the best player in the league.. Westbrook wouldnt put up the numbers he does without him
Mr Calogero::I'm sorry but you're wrong.
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
AndrewOKC::Durant, Westbrook, Harden, &amp; Ibaka make up the best 4-some in the NBA....... which isnt even the scariest part. the fact that all of them are 23 or younger = a decade of thunder dominance
Mr Calogero::No! The best 4-some is Lin, Melo, Stoudemire, and Chandler. Naaaaa just playing. By far OKC got the best 1-2-3-4 tandem there.
formaggio jones::Durrant and westbrook might be better than Lin and Melo, not sure
RollThunder35::I'm guessing it's sarcasm.  If not, this guy needs his license to think revoked.
Mr Calogero::Well I could help you with that one and say I am sure they are better. How could you even make that comparison and bring Lin in that? Shaking my head right now.
AndrewOKC::cause he is trolling
Mr Calogero::OKC is gonna clinch first in the west this season but the only thing I would be worried about coming playoffs is if they face Memphis in the first round. OKC in my eyes are the favorites and best team in the NBA. With that being said Memphis I think is an overall solid team and can upset anyone. Facing a team like Utah, Denver, or Houston i would prefer way more.
crmacdo::I'm more worried about the Spurs and the psychological effect playing the mavs would have
AustinReed8::I would prefer those teams as well. Memphis has some impressive production from their bigs. They play hard. In short, I couldn't have put it better myself. ^^^
Pinkycuh::I hate San Antonio.
RollThunder35::Anything can happen.  Matchup-wise, I dont see how Bulls win sunday provided OKC plays like they have since Miami.  For all the Spurs (kryptonite theorists) if OKC was playing SAS  right now, spurs would go down too.  Bulls go down sunday, I'm calling it now.  Rose or no Rose.  I'll be in here to take my medicine, good or bad.  MEOW!!!
Pinkycuh::Like it man, as long as they keep this swarm D going, they be good. Can't let up tho. U can see the difference.
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::OKC Sucks, bynum is gonna be hungry on thursday.
LSD_hookem::We'll buy him a hot dog
Mr Calogero::I can tell you're just a hater and you're not a fan of basketball and the NBA. Shaking my head right now.
Pinkycuh::Yea, they suck. Beat LA by 15. 2nd in the league. Wake up, horry is gone.
Pinkycuh::Man, hope lakers get swept again
mackb93::Ayyye jonny flynn with 10 and 5 tonight and only 1 turnover. i still belive he can be a decaent pg in the nba
AndrewOKC::only problem is that he played absolutly no defense.... he just let russell westbrook dribble down the court and knock down open shots from teh free throw line.... seriously he didnt do anything different and was never stopped
Pinkycuh::Yea. Goooooooo
HateBrass::Funny how those Duke guards hit baskets in college and can't shoot straight in the NBA. Remember Chris Duhon?
Mr Calogero::and Austin Rivers will follow those footsteps. I think he will have no impact on any team that he goes on for the first couple years.
Mr Calogero::True and True. He should stay on Duke for sure.
Pinkycuh::Cept his daddy's, cause he gonna get too much minutes.
brisol25::Austin Rivers is getting bad advice from someone, cause that child is no where near ready
brisol25::That's because as a Duke fan the players that play for Duke are only good in College.  The Best Duke player to play and last long in the NBA was Grant Hill.  Williams would have been next if he didn't have his accident.
Westjag::It took J.J. Riddick 3 years to finally start hitting his shots.
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
spurs_sweep::will you guys ever win a game again? Will you guys stop losing by 10 points or more on every loss? Time to bring the bags out.
Mr Calogero::OKC in 6 vs Bulls. I called it at beginning of the season.
Goon-::My money is on O City to win it all. I can't see any team that can match up with them. I thought Miami would, but they made them look like children Sunday. They embarrassed them.
spurs_sweep::you forget that San Antonio embarrassed the O's last week?
Pinkycuh::What's emberrasing is SA let them back within 2. I think OKC has turned the corner since then, wake up game.
Goon-::Those teams are just too slow. You should worry more about Memphis, but they are inconsistent.
springfresh33::Spurs and Lakers are two teams I do worry about
Pinkycuh::Thanks, they're athletic, and best part, very young. Room to grow, scary.
Pinkycuh::Seattle is as serious about an NBA team as the Seahawks are as an NFL title contender
SidV10101::waddya expect us to do? no teams are available, plain and simple
Meet Friar Manning::Trollishness has begun to overtake this forum, i bid you all adieu
mynameisBarackObama::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
Mr Calogero::Where all the boys at?
mynameisBarackObama::THEY'RE IN MY BED NEKKID.  MEOW!!!
WIkalikalou::I hear Brooklynites are still broken up over the Dodgers moving to L.A.
mynameisBarackObama::THEY'RE GETTING A TEAM NEXT SEASON....SO ARE THE SONICS...YOURS.  MEOW!!!
mynameisBarackObama::TOP FIVE TEAMS IN NBA:  1. CHICAGO 2. OKC 3. MIAMI 4. WHO CARES? 5. WHO CARES?  MEOW!!!
Goon-::Get ready to change the top 2 on Sunday.
mynameisBarackObama::YOU ARE A GOON.  MEOW!!!
Pinkycuh::Later Portland, get porter and Drex out the retirement center.
58rhodes::All the Oklahomo peeps are in bed? with their sisters?
esstea23::What's up with this hate fest for Oklahomans?
esstea23::One of the worst presidents in the history of the U.S.? How so?
AndrewOKC::plenty of reason if they vote for one of the worst presidents in the history of the US. and no doubt they are dumb if they do it again 4 years later
esstea23::I'll probably vote for him and I consider myself a fairly bright person. A person not voting the same way you do is no reason to assume they aren't intelligent.
OUALUM89::You must not be too bright to have voted for the bamster and taken on his name .  Meow to you.
mynameisBarackObama::I NEVER LIKE MY OWN COMMENTS!  MEOW!!!
esstea23::^ That guy "likes" all of his own statuses. ^
mynameisBarackObama::PORTLANDIA JUMPED THE SHARK.  MEOW!!!
esstea23::It's hit and miss. Sometimes it funny, sometimes it's painful to watch.
WIkalikalou::Portlanders coping with the fact that the show "Portlandia" exists.
mynameisBarackObama::PROGRESSIVE NORTHWESTERNERS DESPISE THE IGNORANT SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.  WE ARE EDUCATED AND HATE STUPID PEOPLE.  MEOW!!!
58rhodes::Oklahoma is OK
mynameisBarackObama::THAT'S HAWT!  MEOW!!!
AustinReed8::Man, still can't believe the Seattle fans are still butt hurt over losing the team. Regardless of whether it was "stolen" or not, if you were that great of a city you would have had another team by now. New Orleans did it right? So, whats the problem?? Get over it, already. Mooooooooove onnnnnnnnn.
AustinReed8::Best part is that they're quick to troll an complain but they are silenced when asked why they haven't moved on to something new. Quite comical, these Seattle fans are.
Pinkycuh::Worst part, they were offered 30 mill to get a team, and can't. They're a bunch a tricks
Leo Messy::<strong>http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/03/25/lebron-james-vs-kevin-durant/ </strong> WHY DURANT &gt; LEBRON AND KOBE.
Andrew Luck Dynamite::i am buying okc. best team in nba
Nagga191::Who is the best barack nosama
mynameisBarackObama::GET MY NAME RIGHT, NAGGA.  BULLS ARE THE BEST.  MEOW!!!
mynameisBarackObama::2ND BEST.  MEOW!!!
mynameisBarackObama::MY ALTER EGO COMES OUT ON THE BOARDS.  MEOW!!!
Meet Friar Manning::Your kinda rude barack, you seem so kind and approachable on television
Meet Friar Manning::i am buying another 1st overall pick for the colts in 2013
mykellfierce::since when are you allowed to dress 13 players for a game?
mykellfierce::i did not know that; thanks for the info
esstea23::No problem
esstea23::I believe it's a product of the shortened season. Since the toll will theoretically be greater on each player, the teams are allowed an extra man on the bench this year.
mynameisBarackObama::SORRY TO ALL THAT I MISSED THE CHAT BOARD...I GOT TO WATCH THIS CRAPPY GAME UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL.  MEOW!!!
Pinkycuh::Nobody cares
mynameisBarackObama::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
Rand0687::More shot attempts than Durant ... check.   The makings of a successful game, win or lose.
Pinkycuh::All I can picture from everything 58rhodes said 2day is, FLAVAFLAV.
58rhodes::wut?
58rhodes::you mad bro?
58rhodes::wut?
Meet Friar Manning::perhaps you are public enemy number one...
Pinkycuh::Exactly
Meet Friar Manning::yeaaaaah boiiii!
58rhodes::Huh?
DynastyinBigD::lol Oklahoma people and Seattle people hate each other cause one think the Thunder belongs in Seattle and other in OKC
esstea23::I don't hate people from Seattle, it seems like a cool enough place.
mynameisBarackObama::PORTLANDERS THINKS THE SONICS BELONG IN SEATTLE, NOT OKC.  MEOW!!!
Meet Friar Manning::ah, well, that answered that
mynameisBarackObama::THERE ARE A LOT OF METROSEXUAL MAN KITTIES IN THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST.  MEOW!!!
Meet Friar Manning::if i may inquire, why do people meow on these boards lately?
thenatural1995::OKC is going to win it all. Im already buyin my durant jersey for the playoffs.. and blazer fans... okc is the closest thing to portland there from the northwest... cheer em on... there the real deal. :)
Westjag::Ha, they might have a better shot at beating us without D-Rose
thenatural1995::we will see in a few days when they play....  Thunder will roll
mynameisBarackObama::NOT UNLESS D-ROSE IS OUT.  MEOW!!!
mynameisBarackObama::SONICS ARE WORTH CHEERING FOR...NOT SOME RED STATE HICK TEAM.  MEOW!!!
Okiecane75::I heard Portland was listed as the ugly women capital of the Country.  Is that true?  It's pretty over there, wold be a shame if it was ruined by a bunch of ugly women.
mynameisBarackObama::BULLS &gt;&gt;&gt; OKC.  MEOW!!!
thenatural1995::okc will beat them
mynameisBarackObama::I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE PG PLAY TONIGHT...PORTLAND POINT GUARDS LOOKED TIMID.  MEOW!!!
DucksRUNPac12::Silver Lining: JJ Hickson seems to be a great pickup.....just a free agent? I'd like to see Johnny Flynn and Hasheem Thabeet get a little more PT. If we aren't gonna make the playoffs, we might as well crash and burn. Sit felton down on that bench and let the young'n's play. Go Blazers!
trailblaze215::honestly, play those guys.  At least I can look forward to the lottery and laugh at Thabeet's 7 foot 2 awkwardness
58rhodes::not real bright either
Goon-::Thabeet is Tha bust
springfresh33::LOL
Meet Friar Manning::Hasheem is Hashitty
WIkalikalou::Looks like the Sonics didn't need saving tonight. Sorry Seattle fans. Look at the bright side, the Mariners are good? Right?
Meet Friar Manning::Matt flynn could do something... mostly lose to the Niners
springfresh33::Still a step up to T-Jac
58rhodes::Oklahoma beautiful? are you kidding me?
OUALUM89::Ever been to OKC? Lately?  I didn't think so.  $@%!!
mynameisBarackObama::OKLAHOMA IS A S&amp;*^HOLE.  AND THEY DIDN'T VOTE FOR ME.  MEOW!!!
Pinkycuh::Bet you live 2 foodstamps away from an alley.
Pinkycuh::Then buy some English lessons and learn to make a complete thought with your Keyboard.
Check_Razor_::LOL, that still isn't very much.  I'm from Oklahoma and this place is a f*cking dump.  I just stay for the basketball and cheap weed...
58rhodes::I earn 15 grand over the Oklahoma per capita GNP
Check_Razor_::That's like saying that Portland drafts players with good knees...
trailblaze215::fair enough ^^^
