Trips::Obviously fans don't have all the facts for things that occur in players lives on and off the court as well as in and out of the locker room, but when your name continues to surface in altercations with teammates and the public, it leads to the conclusion that there is something there.   I think the team needs to consider trading Larry Sanders before his reputation is sullied to the point where he is not able to be traded.  Cut bait in a lost season... Please!.
Devil's Advocate::Another day, another different Bucks lineup.  Also, 11 million for 7 points and 2 boards?
Paul::While this season is definitely lost, the future doesn't signal gloom and doom. The core of this team hasn't quite been settled yet, but one thing is certain, namely another makeover without bad decisions on retreads is needed. If management blows it with the draft and other decisions, then it's time for the GM to go. Kohl, a good heart isn't enough, in the business of professional sports. More excuses won't cut it.
Kevin::Those are some of the weirdest +/- stats I've ever seen.  Among the Suns starters you have Frye at +44 while Tucker and Dragic are both in the negatives.  And Archie Goodwin somehow managed to be -20 in a game the Suns won by 16.
Mac::I've never seen picks and odds this lopsided. 95% to 5%!? Damn.
Cyril::Larry Drew, you do not have to give playing time to every player on the active roster!  For example, there was no reason to play Gary Neal 17 minutes when he was playing that poorly but only play Khris Middleton 22 minutes when he was having a great game.
PKM::Middleton going to start?
Ted::Please get the Bucks out of Wisconsin.  Basketball fans should concentrate on the Badgers.  Maybe we could get the Admirals into the NHL.  Bucks will NEVER get good, much less championship.  Henrietta Kohl destroyed the franchise and her U.S. Senate seat.
CSONKA_39::Excuse my ignorance, but who is the Suns' coach?
Alex::I miss Bledsoe and all but.. I love seeing Green play. Windmills for days, enough to power all of LA.
