BK::I'm not trying to defend Melo too much, but you know the hate has gotten out of control when he's getting blamed for a loss in which he scored 29 points on 63% shooting, pulled down 8 rebounds, and prevented the guys he covered from really do anything. I hope he leaves NY for his own sake -- he doesn't deserve to keep getting blamed for JR Smith missing every time he sets him up for an open 3 or Felton getting torched by every opposing PG.
a yahoo user::The overrated big market New York Knickerbocker$$$$ (no NBA title since 1973, only 2 NBA titles in their entire 50+ years history)are losing once again. They are losing to a team much much better than them, your mighty Cleveland Cavaliers (who will probably win an NBA title before NY ever does again). The cream rises to the top as usual.  No playoffs for NY this season and will finish with a season. Cleveland will probably finish around or above .500 (winning season) and make the playoffs. Brighter future for Cleveland. From a fan of either of these teams, just an observation.
William::We need Lin to restore some sanity to the knicks, sadly that is unlikely to happen.
ltl80::Anthony of NYC scores above 25 and to HIM, it was a "good game" yet his TEAM lost.  THIS is the mind-set of many NBA players TODAY; SELF-interest$ taking the top priority over TEAM-concepts.
Max::I usually point out either Melo or JR Smith's poor FG% and shot selection for reasons behind their loss.  Melo actually had a great offensive game; Amare as well.  It's just too bad their center and guards were just about useless.  Irving had a field day with the NYK backcourt.
Keith::Nice win Cavaliers! This team is better than their record, and just need to get used to the new coaching system from our old coach Mike Brown and be more consistent . Also I am hoping Anthony Bennett decides to show up sooner than later. He has a lot of potential.
Richard::What's amazing is that Cleveland won with no contribution from Bynum.
RipeMango::Its just law of the averages.  Knicks got lucky with 3 pointers last season with some of their guards and veterans shooting their career best % with most 3 PT taken in the league.   You can't keep shooting 50% 3's when your career average is 30%, but Knicks miraculously done that for 20+ straight games last season.   It's like flipping heads 20 times in a row... but as you can see, they tried to beat the odds again and epic failure...   No wonder they can beat a bad team by 35 points one night but get blown out by 41 points next night by another bad team - when their lucky 3PT stops falling, the law of averages always wins.   It also show what a despicable team Knicks are.   Only decent player is perhaps Chandler.
Cyril::Said a Knicks fan last week:  "The Knicks have three easy wins coming up with Orlando, Boston, and Cleveland.  No way they lose those games, and then they'll be in control of the division again."  I don't mind people cheering on their teams, but when you're at the bottom of the worst division in the league, it's time to check some of your arrogance at the door.
Bobby::Between 2 bottom teams, Cleveland and NY, Cleveland will finish by 20pts. Differential.  So long, Knicks.
