jake242322::HEAT suck! The Lakers Will WIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP
Max 089::How did that prediction go for you? LOL.
dro1964::Metta Nut Case
sugafreee86::kobe ko'd wade in the first qtr and he became a non factor, then the heat adjusted defensively. then la got the bigs involved. great game plan by lakers. world peace frustrated james when he was guarding him.
adreena07::kobe took it hard at him...because he wanna play hard &amp; tough in the ALLL-STAR game but not in regular games. but him an d his  mask had a GREAT GAME!!!!!!!! :)  let's do it again on BOSTON.
xxxhawk::"kobe creation......of a False living legend". Fox Sports  http://msn.foxsports.com/nba/story/LeBron-James-haters-make-Kobe-Bryant-Los-Angeles-Lakers-a-false-living-legend-030412
Loganriccitelli99::Here is the real Lebron. http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;v=8AAM_mdNVek
AlextheMaster1::how do you get a most liked comment
LAkobeLA::didnt this game show who the real king is KOBE!!!!
Bourne_Ultimatum::"To the two Robins...Know your role!"   -----KOBE
Charlieisgone::Just for reference...  Kobe last 3 seasons (including this one) in the clutch. 9-19 47% 40% from 3. Lebron 0-11, Wade 4-13, 30%...  ...and if you don't believe me...  http://blogs.thescore.com/tbj/2012/03/04/kobe-bryant-lebron-james-and-clutch-shooting-when-perception-and-reality-shake-hands/
kyearty1::kobe still has beenclutch for his whole career. Jordan Missed some, Kobe missed some...all that matters is how many you hit, not how many you attempt..Kobe &amp; Jordans Rings prove it.
D Wade fan since 04-05::A 3 year sample out of a 16 year career. You sure painted the whole picture didn't you?
Suspended18Names::Should've been El Lakers and Lost Heat
allstar8899::People are still going on about this?
D Wade fan since 04-05::Career regular season scoring efficiency  Wade 48.5% - 29.0% from 3 Kobe 45.4% - 33.6% from 3  Career playoff scoring efficiency Wade 48.5% -- 32.7% from 3 Kobe 44.6% -- 29.3% from 3  Notice how Kobe dips in the playoffs.
kyearty1::Your Argument Of Numbers Is Pointless Because For Those Numbers, The Ring Disparity Still Exists. You're Forgetting The 7 Year Stretch Lakers Went On After Lost To Pistons. So Your Story About Wades TEAM Not Being Good Isn't Relevant. In No Stretch Of Your Wild $@% Imagination Is Wade Better Than Kobe. Because If Stats Is All That Matters Then Technically LeBron Stats Are Best. But He Surely Ain't Better Than Neither Kobe Or Wade. Your Username Is All Wade So Clearly You Are Biased Towards Him. No Matter How You Put It, Kobe Is Better.
D Wade fan since 04-05::Lying about Kobe having 7 year stretch without a good team. Thats a desperate attempt to make it look like Kobe won with nothing around him. Kobe is a volume scorer who is never as efficient as Wade. Titles are team accomplishments.
adreena07::i dislike
sugafreee86::wade has no jump shot of course his fg is going to be higher.
D Wade fan since 04-05::Yet Wade is a more consistent 3 point shooter than Kobe in the playoffs.
phx090::ooooo, a 3% difference. lol
D Wade fan since 04-05::Not a big enough difference for ya huh? How about the fact that Kobe avg 38.7% against the Pistons in the playoffs yet Wade avg 61.7% against that same Pistons team in the playoffs. Is that enough of a % difference for ya?
LAkobeLA::how many rings does wade have??? how many does kobe???? looks like you lost this battle
D Wade fan since 04-05::Titles are team accomplishments.  Kobes been in the league longer. That means he's had more time and opportunity. Kobe had Shaq from year one and had him for a number of years before the team was bad. Wade had 4 of his first 8 years without a good team around him. Kobe didn't have to go thru that. If we're gonna talk titles lets be fair and admit that Kobe had better teams to get him there. It still doesn't change the fact that as an individual player Wade is more consistent.
sutherlacd27::fg% only partially shows scoring efficiency.....
D Wade fan since 04-05::Peoples choice awards are given based on opinion and personal perception.
sutherlacd27::theres lot of players out there who play terrible defense but have a lot of steals.  it shows whos willing to gamble more often.  kobes been on the all-defensive team a record amount of times.  something thats awarded to players by the coaches of the nba.
D Wade fan since 04-05::More steals and blocks than kobe since Wade been in the game as well.
jared575757::who cares, tubby
D Wade fan since 04-05::Thats the response of someone who can't dispute.
Lesternesman::Bron Bron's Sunday: Wore man puse to game along with fake " Malcolm - X glasses"; Shoves Troy Murphy and then backs up looking at the ref for help; Faked an injury by stepping on grandma's sandals.  Grandma doesn't flinch and folds her arms in disgust and stares him down as get gets helped up off the floor; Deferred to Jujuan Howard, Mike Miller and Joel Anthony in the 4th w/o Wade; and of course lost the game.    His only salvation: an appletini and a big steak that the waiter had to cut for him later that night
dfuse310::To all you KOBE haters.. Im sure he doesn't care what you say, you dont mean sh t to him. Non athletic ESPN WALL COMMENTS POSTINGS! LOL
wadeisthegreatest03::"[Dwyane] Wade fouled the s--- out of me," Bryant said with his feet dipped in a bucket of ice water after the game. Bryant was referring to the 3-pointer he attempted with 1:06 left and the Lakers down 90-88.  "It was clearly evident," Bryant said. "They missed it. ... He fouled the hell out of me, they just missed it." ---------------------- This was a sratement Kobe made about game last yr when heat beat lakers.  Y'all idiots in here saying wade cries.  Plus lebrons stats against lakers from game in January 31 points 8 rebounds 8 assists 4 steals 3 blocks.  My point is Kobe has a good game against heat shooting wise other then that he did absolutely nothing and you Morons in here talking stupid crap.  Kobes remarks above shows me who the real baby is get it idiots haha.
elibird123::P.S. They did miss it. As a matter of fact the missed him getting hit in face twice. Also, he did what it took to win the game, idiot!
elibird123::Huh? What I do know is if Wade keeps this up is his nickname is gonna change from Flash to D-Hack. Or maybe that's the new thing. Can't bring a gun and ski mask on the court, hmmm? How can he be stopped?  Bingo! The Hack-A-Kobe D!
NFLXNBAXMLB::D Fade  Lejoke Bosh Who?
xxxhawk::Fox Sports must read lead article:  http://msn.foxsports.com/nba/story/LeBron-James-haters-make-Kobe-Bryant-Los-Angeles-Lakers-a-false-living-legend-030412
winters999::that article is written by jason whitlock.... a career kobe hater and who one called micheal jordan a sellout ...http://msn.foxsports.com/nba/story/Michael-Jordan-siding-with-David-Stern-in-NBA-lockout-a-selfish-betrayal-110411
winters999::no... i am familiar with whitlock's work.  he is nothing more than a fat black skip bayless.
elibird123::No, he's a hater just like you xxxhawk
xxxhawk::So if reporter writes the Ocean has water in it........he is an Ocean hater?  lols
michael315630::KOBE SUCKS $@%!!!!
elibird123::LOL
benga4lebron::ESPN’s Ric Bucher is now reporting that Odom is trying desperately to get back to Los Angeles.
kobebetterthanbron::I used to think MJ was the greatest until I watched the documentary Wilt 100 on NBA TV.   MJ scored 50 plus points 37 times in his career (great) Wilt scored 50 plus points 45 times in ONE SEASON!! Wilt also had a game with 55 rebounds, a game with 26 Blocked Shots and a game with 21 assists and led the league in assists as a Center in 66-67 Wilt averaged 24-24-8 on 72% FG!!!!  Wilt is BY FAR the greatest to ever play!
xxxhawk::Wilt Played Kareem Abdul for 3 years before he retired, Kareem won an NBA title in tha time. Surprised to see box scores of their many games. Wilt dominated Kareem in every stat in all games they played, Wilt outscored him alot &amp; Wilt no longer a big scorer.
kobebetterthanbron::Kobe is STILL MILES ahead of LeBron! That was one of the biggest annihilations ever seen in an NBA game! The Lakers COMPLETELY DESTROYED the Miami Heat!!!
xxxhawk::Fox Sports headline story today: http://msn.foxsports.com/nba/story/LeBron-James-haters-make-Kobe-Bryant-Los-Angeles-Lakers-a-false-living-legend-030412
Dr Killapatient::How many points has the Heat been above against the lakers in the last couple of games? go ahead and search, Ill wait.....
FletchHarrison54::That ring argument is so exaggerated, Horry has more than Kobe, is he better than Kobe?
kobebetterthanbron::I guess Kareem Abdul Jabbar never won a ring either then since he won them all with Magic and Oscar. People like you are COMPLETE FOOLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dr Killapatient::Kobe actually only won two, (shaq), and the two he won were questionable....
kobebetterthanbron::How many rings have the Heat won????????? I'm waiting for your reply. I know that the Lakers have won a LEGENDARY 16 rings and Kobe himself has 5 times as many rings as LeBron, Wade and Bosh combined!!!
dfuse310::I'm sick of ALL you people don't give credit for athletes performances. You expect them to shoot 20 for 20..
kobebetterthanbron::Kobe had a GREAT game yesterday, haters will always hate even though Kobe is clearly one of the ten greatest who has EVER played the game!!
Dr Killapatient::Lebron 12-26 for 25 Kobe     14-23 for 33 Not much difference. I thought they would of blown out the Heat after D wade left. And the lakers still suck.
elibird123::Not much difference, but if it were the other way around you would be yapping how it took 26 shots to get 25 points. LBJ's FG% was higher than Kobe's...LOL You can't have it both ways.
hawkeyes226::DWade fouling out was priceless!!!!!
Zeeklite::Reporter:  Hey Kobe, do you feel that you made a statement against Dwyane Wade &amp; the Miami Heat?  Kobe: Yer welcome.
so3icy::the win last night was more than just a Miami loss, D-Wade's stardom got belittled by Kobe who ultimately got his sweet revenge.  Find out how this can affect Wade long term here: http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/03/kobe-vs-d-wade-aftermath.html
KrayzieBone22::Some where in some secret facility Kobe is working out right now and thinking to himself  "I need to work harder........I should of scored all 33 points on DWade in the first qrt instead of 18"  While Dwade is somewhere in a Burn Center after getting lite up like a 4th of July Christmas Tree by Kobe!
kobebetterthanbron::I thought Kobe was headed for 50 for sure after that first quarter but it is okay that the team showed up to help him for once!
Alberto1748::lebron is &gt; jordan deal with it. http://herdmycattle.com/lebron-james-is-better-than-michael-jordan/
elibird123::In what? I mean I know he's a better loser already, so name something else.
KrayzieBone22::Sorry i didn't post on Sunday cause I was:  1. Too busy laughing at the Heat's bandwagon of FAKE fans 2. Too busy watching the fire department put DWade out cause Kobe lite him up pretty good! 3. Too busy laughing at LEBRICK who shot 12-26 for 25 points (Metta World Peace shut him down) 4. Still watching DWade smolder in ashes and looking like he was gonna CRY! 5. Too busy telling the world that KOBE is still the MAN!  Go LAKERS!  P.S. DWade was seen at the Hospital ordering the Kobe System and of course Lebron PASSED on the idea!
Zeeklite::LoL @ LeBron passing on the Kobe system.
Bourne_Ultimatum::KOBE: "Will the real star among superstars please stand up? Anybody care to stand if you're the star among stars?"  Wade says aloud while still sitting in his seat... Wade: "The star among us is already standing"  KOBE nods while everyone is clapping to what Wade said.  KOBE: "You're welcome!"
mark_teixeira55::These girls with their fake photos. I know there's not this many beautiful women in the united states.
mark_teixeira55::Liltexaschic is a fake photo.
rajonMVProndo::1.Kobe Bryant 2.Lebron James 3.Kevin Durant 4.Dwayne Wade 5.Derrick Rose 6.Dwight Howard 7.Dirk Nowitski 8.Carmelo Anthony 9.Russel Westbrook 10.Paul Pierce(or Tony Parker)
KrayzieBone22::I agreed but my list would look like this  1. Kobe Bryant 2 who cares cause Kobe Bryant is the MVP!
...Lakester...::Durant should be # 2 Rose should be # 3 Lebron should be at 5 or 6
rajonMVProndo::anyone agree
DuranMVPtulaa::Kobe score 20points on wade in the 1st qtr lmao
Zeeklite::Is Wade still mad??
KrayzieBone22::You mean is DWade still crying!
schilloj1::bill plaschke is somewhere in LA celebrating
DuranMVPtulaa::Kobe dont care about stats all he cares about is a win n rings something u lebrick fans dont know nothing about...kobe lets his teamates run plays all game long he dont try to run every play for his team like lebron n wade so offcourse his not going to avg 7+ $@% he avg 5 which is better then wade lol
julioknls::D Wade out od the ecuation on this game, Kobe yeah he made 33pts,3 reb, 1 assist?... really 1 assist?... that seems low for a guard, or maybe he just wanted to shoot them all?(usual).... on the other side, LeBron  25pts, 13 rebs, 7 assists, 3 steals, 2 blks.. no major IQ needed to prefer LJ on my team, though its a shame that DWade didnt shine on this one.... hoping LJ overcomes the "clutch time issue" on this playoffs, and heat to be more consistent and maybe get their ring... Chicago looks like a nice pick this year 2, and dont forget about Clipps and KC 2... Nice playoffs for sure this season, looking forward for them
JeremyShoji::I think you left out two important things:  Lebum scored 25 points on 26 shots and HE LOST.  I'll take Kobe's 33 points on 23 shots and his WIN any day of the week.  It doesn't take a major IQ to see that most people would rather have Kobe.  5 rings for Kobe, 0 rings for The Queen!
johnnyx2011::We lost because I didn't get try to get all the last shots in the fourth quarter again.  ~LBJ
E. Jack Culate::Bron put that headband back on mighty quick when it came off his head
malyfsborin88::Still caught a glimpse of his receding hair line. :)
AlaskaHawks::He didn't want to look MWP in the eyes, either.
Heat or Die::No excuses needed... We lost... We can win without Bosh, but we didn't... Kobe is who we thought he was (had to do it lol)... Good win for L.A. Only thing I'm not happy with is that we got smacked around... Lakers were physical and we played soft... Bron is the only player I've ever seen get punked by Troy Murphy smh
JeremyShoji::LeBron also got punked by an 80 year old woman sitting courtside.  He landed on her foot and she was fine.  LeBron on the other hand pretended to twist his ankle.
rajonMVProndo::thank you for not being a fake heat fan and saying we just lost cuz the lakers were lucky i hate wen heat fans do that
Heat or Die::Preciate that homie... Good luck to L.A. Wade is my fav player but I love Kobe, I respect greatness... Plus, he did my dude dirty in the first quarter lol... Never saw Wade get sonned like that before
...Lakester...::no problem man.
...Lakester...::Much respect to both of you
MexicanHatDance::Agreed. Just would have been nice if Wade didnt get called for those offensive fouls. But at the end of the day no excuses. We lost, Lakers won.
tgtg31::They were offensive fouls though
Numb1lakefan::kobe played patty cake with shane battier yesterday.battier kept slapping his hand but couldnt stop kobe from swishing..mask mamba swag
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::This game may have had a different outcome with Bosh there.
KrayzieBone22::YEs if Bosh was there DWADE and BOSH would of been crying!  Bosh is a NON FACTOR!  The Heat got SPANKED by the Mask Black Mamba!  MBM=MVP
theheatison136::why didn't they smack the heat's two weeks ago with bosh there?...
malyfsborin88::Like someone else previously mentioned, having 2 of the top 5 aint enough to beat an old and raggity Lakers team.  Lakers point guard is basically non existent.
malyfsborin88::Yea ok, that sissy wouldn't make no difference. Y'all just want excuses.
theheatison136::yea that same sissy has out played the so called lakers tough guys 3 straight meetings...fool with no ball sense
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Most over scrutinized 9 losses of all time.
nba is the worst::7-5 vs the west.  Hope Bosh is healthy in May...
wadeisthegreatest03::You idiots still in here heat bashing lmao games over clowns find something else to do. Lakers won cool heat beat them earlier in the season cool.  Smh talk in the playoffs not in march.
DKM the Warriors Code::The Heat are such an embarassment, just when you think they've reached the highest level of idiocy and futility, they continue to top it.
rex_coach::The BANDWAGON fans or the team?
Liltexaschic::Hmm...
wetalkinboutpractice33::i wanna be on you
...Lakester...::all you Heat fans are phony a.s.s cowards
rex_coach::Crybaby band-wagon heat fans.  Amazing...
...Lakester...::I think Kobe should leave the mask on. Hes shooting a higher percentage with it on. I dont care how hot his face gets
Zeeklite::LoL!!!
