Ddezord::Had to laugh at the trade rumors... Eric Gordon's 58 mil toxic contract is not getting picked up by any team.
WhereIsTheDAtQuestionMark::One of the more insane trade rumors I heard today was Klay Thompson and Harrison Barnes for Eric Gordon. Who comes up with this stuff? That is an awful trade for the Warriors.
DodgersRaidersBullsFresnoState::No way.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::No one around?
- Td4mvp3-::only 3 things are guaranteed in life............death, taxes, and the spurs winning at least 50 games ;)
Minnysota Vikings::Spurs winning 50 is more likely than death ;)
- Td4mvp3-::Indeed
ensign.devyn::4. You liking your own posts.
ensign.devyn::I should hope you like what you say. If you don't like what you say, what's the point in saying it?
- Td4mvp3-::I like what I say....and?
Minnysota Vikings::Jarret Jack would be the starting PG for about 12 NBA teams.
JuMueller::* EDIT: 1-2 NBA teams
- Td4mvp3-::The spurs own the NBA....best team by far...no real competition....should be fun to watch
- Td4mvp3-::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
CrabtreeWasHeld::2009 Draft redone woud be 1) James Harden 2) Steph Curry 3) Blake Griffin
CrabtreeWasHeld::crazy that harden is number 1...i thought he was a HORRIBLE pick on draft day @ 4
ensign.devyn::I didn't, but I'm a BYU fan and watched him torch us in college at ASU. He's still a volume shooter and doesn't play D, but he is great in PnR, getting contact, finishing, and is a solid franchise player for what the NBA calls for today.
ensign.devyn::A lot of draft picks would be redone if everyone knew the future. That being said, I still think Griffin goes at 2 over Curry. And I don't care what you all think!
TheWalkingDead92::I'd still take Blake a great big man with his work ethic is hard to find. Curry is the same as like 10 other PG's in the league. Too many all star PG's are showing up...
ensign.devyn::Agree that Harden is #1. And at this point in their careers, at their respective positions, I'll agree Curry is better. Griffin is just as athletic as all get out. Both have had injuries, and hopefully both stay healthy. But I think Griffin's athleticism gives him the higher ceiling.
CrabtreeWasHeld::you can make a case....but agree that Harden is number 1?   I honestly take curry 2 even though i think blake is good...just not as good as steph
dudemanbrohella::well im out fellas. Good talking with u ensign.devyn. Your alright for a trolling jazz fan lol
ensign.devyn::Lol. I keep tellin GS fans, if they don't react so hilariously, it would stop haha. Good talkin with ya too man, take it easy
ensign.devyn::^THIS is what I'm talking about. All sensible fans, take notice.
ClippersFearWarriors::stop being fake ensign
ensign.devyn::Haha. That joke is never going to get old
mikeisildur::Don't accept his peace offering.  IT'S A TRICK
CrabtreeWasHeld::I'd take Steph Curry over CP3 #1 in the Point Guard Draft and I don't care what you all think
dudemanbrohella::Hes better a shooter...lol. Currry needs to work on his conditioning. He seems to get tired way to easily
mikeisildur::I bet you'd take Greg Oden over Kevin Durant too
ensign.devyn::Clearly, with your screenname and profile pic.
jzalvarado2.0::On the whole Denver sucks thing that you two are discussing. I agree.  Denver is the single most OVERRATED city in the Country.  I lived in Stockton (one of the most violent) and I much rather prefer Stockton CA to Denver, CO.
mikeisildur::Well sir you just became my favorite Golden State fan.  Denver blows!
ensign.devyn::Yeah man, it's awful. 16th street is the one good place, that's about it.
mikeisildur::My dad lived in Greeley for a few years as a kid.  I showed him that South Park where Cartman gets sent to "Pretty Much the Opposite of Hawaii" (i.e. Greeley, Colorado) into foster care.    He about died laughing.
ensign.devyn::For real. Colorado Springs is nicer overall than Denver, as sad as that is.
jzalvarado2.0::I actually like Lowry field area.. they did a decent job developing there BUT they need more restaurants and nightlife there to complement all the apartments/houses
mlb172::DubNation
jzalvarado2.0::Not a big Nike guy.  I almost wear all exclusive Adidas with my sports/workout gear, but who the f.uck at Adidas thought this uniform looked great.  Worst part is that they'll take a cool shoe when they inititially release it AND THEN f.uck it up in design once they upgrade the shoe.
mikeisildur::Boxers and a T-shirt.    Maybe they were tired of the tank top jokes
dudemanbrohella::Its funny how all the promotional jazz comercials feature gordon hayward (the only white guy on the team) Is this because utah is morman country?
dudemanbrohella::He does have a lot of potential. I agree
ensign.devyn::He's starting because Love is injured, but when Love is back, I'm not sure if he starts or not. But yeah man, always fun to see what young players become
dudemanbrohella::Yeah derrick is a tweener lol PF/SF. Is he starting? Players like that should be coming off the bench.
dudemanbrohella::but he'll be more consistent as he gets older
dudemanbrohella::And ginobli is quite a comparison
ensign.devyn::Same with Gordo, just ask Ray Allen ;) But yeah for sure. Just a young player. What you just said reminds me of Derrick Williams on Minnesota as well. Another very young player with a very high ceiling
dudemanbrohella::Yeah hes pretty athletic for his size thats fersure. Barnes potential is scary though lol. He shows these flashes of just being dominant on the offenisve end but he lacks consistency.
ensign.devyn::Watch him play a while and you'll love his game, every Jazz fan does. He's only 22 too. Both are very young. Ginobli is a big comparison, for sure. Both kids have great upside and futures. But for Hayward to already be the most complete player on the Jazz, and the biggest impacter, it says a lot
dudemanbrohella::Well i havent seen enough Jazz games to really comment on Hayward. He seems good but im not sure how high his ceiling is. I think right now you could say Hayward is better but I would take barnes for the future. Then again i am a warriors fan. I loved Hayward at Butler though. I hope his future is bright in the NBA
sauregurkin::im telling you he is going to be something like Manu Ginobili. But faster stronger more athletic
sauregurkin::hayward easy
dudemanbrohella::@ensign.devyn^
dudemanbrohella::I know your a jazz fan but im curious...would you rather have gordon hayward or harrison barnes on your team?
ensign.devyn::That being said, Barnes is a good young player as well, and could be very good. I haven't watched him a lot, but when I have, it's clear he's got a good future ahead of him
ensign.devyn::Gordon Hayward, hands down. Rebounds, plays the best D on the team, assists, good 3pt shooter, creates his own shot, good finisher, big physical kid, gets chase down blocks, tough, doesn't get rattled, extremely humble and down to earth. Love everything about him
sauregurkin::That hurts jzalvarado. That really hurts
dudemanbrohella::hey im white as well but when all you see are Gordon Hayward commericials on the jazz channel it just strikes me as odd. And you dont have to the best player to be on the jazz network for commercials
ensign.devyn::Long time plans, young, best all around player, extremely likeable, humble kid (bought a Honda civic which he still drives, lol) there are a lot of reasons for it.
jzalvarado2.0::If they had Damian Lillard I guarantee he'd be all over the billboards in SLC so its Not a White thing
sauregurkin::it's due to the fact that he is hands down the best player and most impactful player on the team. And he's young
dudemanbrohella::you definitly have more whites
ensign.devyn::Never said we didn't. But we don't support player based on race.
ensign.devyn::I'm not sure if we have morman than women.
jzalvarado2.0::Acgtually in that I agree.. I don't think its a White thing.  I live in Lexington.. higher percentage of Whites here AND they love all the brothers on UK basketball
ensign.devyn::It has absolutely nothing to do with race, come to a game in ESA every and you'll see that.
dudemanbrohella::or it could be that mormons love their white basketball players but i see your point
will-i_am::yes
ensign.devyn::Or it could be due to the fact that we aren't going to keep Millsap or Jefferson around for the long haul, so we don't want to promote players that might not be here next year. Instead, we promote our best player that is the most recognizable, that is also part of long term plans. Favors and Kanter and Burks are also that, but they are not very well known.
will-i_am::Still upset that we gave up 52% (!) 3-pt shooting, even though we got the win, this is a win that last year's warriors team would have won as well. simply have to find a way to get teams from shooting lights out against us if we have any chance of staying in the top 8.
mikeisildur::ensign.devyn  edit* GO BRONCOS! You cheer for Tampa Bay. Haha  Buccaneers are awesome.  Love our logo.  Oh, and we're Super Bowl champs.  Hate on, you hating troll.
jzalvarado2.0::Denver as a city s.ucks MonkeyBalls.  All my friends kept asking me to take an internship there. I visited beforehand AND hated it!  Unfortunately I ended up in Lexington KY without visiting and Lexington reminds me of Denver alot Ceptthat it's much smaller
ensign.devyn::So are the Broncos. Love the logo? What are you, a 16 year old girls? Geeez "mayne"
ensign.devyn::Yeah no kiddin, it's goofy.
mikeisildur::Utah needs another metro area.  Can't just be this giant suburb stretching from Ogden to Provo, it'll never develop properly.
ensign.devyn::For real, SLC is great. If Utah got a little bigger and could support an NFL team, hockey team, and MLB team, it'd be up there for sure. It's extremely underrated
mikeisildur::I love SLC. I mean call me crazy but it ranks up there with Hong Kong and Edinburgh in my favorite cities in the world. I almost ended up there for grad school.  Dean at the U called me up and personally told me he wanted me to come, but I wanted to go home to FL.    I hate winter.
ensign.devyn::It does. Has 1 good street in it. Not as bad as GB though, damn. And I don't even want to go to Cleveland. There are worse cities. Which is all so funny, because SLC receives so much hate by opposing fan bases, most of which have never been there, haha
mikeisildur::Pff, that's like saying you enjoy the company of gan.gbangers, but it's okay because you only fraternize with them to discuss the finer points of modern art.  Denver sucksssss
ensign.devyn::That's not what i said! I said Jazz boards = BYU &amp; Utah fans. Both big rivals in NCAA. Broncos boards = Jazz &amp; Nuggets fans, as well as others. Both big rivals in NBA. It's an NFL board, with NFL talk, so we get along fine.
mikeisildur::Jazz fans = Nuggets fans?  I'm insulted, sir!
ensign.devyn::It's the same as being on the Jazz boards with Utah fans?
mikeisildur::AND you have to sit and build camaraderie with $@%!$@%!$ Nuggets fans and be on "their side" for every game?  You must feel like you need a long shower for the entirety of football season
ensign.devyn::Next you're going to tell me you really love their colors and they uniforms cause they're pretty to look at.
mikeisildur::Yes I'm sure a skull and swords is way more appealing to a 16 year old girl than a HORSIE
ImAWitness06::Jerseys are just as much fashion as they are performance. Why don't they get that?
jzalvarado2.0::Sleeve Uni's woulda been cool if they Didn't Go all Harlem Globetrotter on the f.ucken shorts
ensign.devyn::On this subject, you and I agree
ImAWitness06::This is where to get a Steph Curry Davidson jersey. http://www.bkstr.com/ProductDisplay/10001-10032-169405-4000000000001678405-1?demoKey=d Only XXL left. Haha damn.
jzalvarado2.0::And 62 bucks at that.  f.uck that s.hit
ImAWitness06::It's from the Davidson Bookstore
supe540::Bogut played with the flu?  Gutty effort.
dudemanbrohella::is that true? what a champ
supe540::Watching the Jax post game interview.
sauregurkin::To be fair, if the jazz had to lose like three more games and they were already going to miss the playoff, they would still try to win. But I would be like stupid jazz  that was pointless!
sauregurkin::Now my hate for the warriors is justified. I am now at peace
ensign.devyn::Haha
sauregurkin::When its basketball related like getting a better matchup it makes sense, but tanking like a mother to get a draft pick is a different story and is bad for overall competition of the league.
ensign.devyn::Agreed
sauregurkin::Did the warriors have a shot at playoffs?
ensign.devyn::Big difference between that, and blatant tanking. Look at PHX. They're the bottom team, but they're not tanking. They could have pulled this game out tonight, a night after beating one of the best home court teams in the league, Portland, in Portland.
sauregurkin::What the warriors did was the worst tanking in history and is much worse. I'm just trying to get to the bottom of this.
sauregurkin::Lets say you had to lose one game to not play a team in the playoffs that was a bad matchup. Should you lose that game on purpose??
ensign.devyn::Not at all. You make the playoffs any time you can, and always play to win.
sauregurkin::no i do not.
ensign.devyn::But you'd rather have them lose and miss the playoffs, then make it?
ensign.devyn::So you support tanking?
jzalvarado2.0::1st spring training game in 2 days!
Cheesromano::A'S!!!!
the.city.::yee
supe540::haa
junoXJ::Good win WARRIORS! 31-23 at this point of the season is great even though we could be better  Now Bogut is playing back-to-backs, he will fit in the team chemistry. Warriors will continue to improve as the season progresses. With more home games coming up, I see a 4th seed at best and a 6th seed at worse!  PROUD to be a bay area fan!!! GO DUBS!!!!
scow79::Somebody has to be I suppose.
ImAWitness06::One of my two favorite jerseys I own is a Steph Curry Davidson jersey straight from the Davidson bookstore.
ensign.devyn::Were ankle braces included with it? JK man, Curry is a good player and was awesome at Davidson. That's a swee jersey
ImAWitness06::Ya. They still sell them online too. I bought mine like 3 years ago I think
ensign.devyn::You know when people look back at fashion trends 10 years later, and how horrendous they were, and say "I can't believe that was ever a thing"? Well, this is a current thing: http://www.sfgate.com/warriors/slideshow/Golden-State-Warriors-new-uniforms-with-sleeves-56647.php  LOL
ImAWitness06::They look r.etarded. Would never buy one of those
mikeisildur::Wait, they're actually going to wear those to PLAY?
the.city.::buccin' broncos?
ensign.devyn::We prefer the term "bosom friends"  edit* GO BRONCOS! You cheer for Tampa Bay. Haha
mikeisildur::I would never be so desperate as to root for the Denver Broncos
dudemanbrohella::is mikeisildur and ensign.devyn the same person or are you guys just butt buddies?
supe540::Go straight to the beach afterwards.
ensign.devyn::I know, I thought it was more for sleepwear, or beachwear on a really cold day.
ImAWitness06::Screw those tightass jerseys. They look stupid. I will never buy one of those
ensign.devyn::The City, you are a cool fan. You've taken everything just fine and aren't responding like a little baby, like the other GS fans that have. Well done :)
tman8010::*sigh* don't you have anything better to do besides troll?
ensign.devyn::Tanks
tman8010::glad you're enjoying yourself......
ensign.devyn::You apparently haven't seen the entertainment tonight! Better than the movies, I tell ya
27SFGiantsFan::These are the Dubs I remember! There we go boys! Keep it rolling!
ensign.devyn::What, losing 6 straight and then beating the last place WC team at home?
27SFGiantsFan::That was a fluke streak. We had only lost 3 in a row twice until then. It's all good now.
ensign.devyn::You got that right.
junoXJ::must suck to not have anything to do when a NBA team doesn't play until Saturday huh?
supe540::Turn around had to start somewhere.
mikeisildur::Same Dubs I remember too
ImAWitness06::The level that the Warriors need Curry to perform at is insane
dudemanbrohella::i wholehartedly disagree. if the warriors win in the rebounding category they are very tough to beat
dudemanbrohella::warriors have been loosing beacause of poor defense and rebounding. not from curry just playing okay
ImAWitness06::Yes I know. He played great in those games but I'm saying if he does have a decent game they aren't going to win
dudemanbrohella::what do you mean? He should strive to play great every game.
ImAWitness06::He can't have a decent game. He needs to play great every game
ClippersFearWarriors::we needed this win big time since the lakers, rockets, and grizz all won.
Cheesromano::This aint volleyball or bike racing son
junoXJ::i can't wait to see those new unis on ESPN friday night!  should be a great game
dudemanbrohella::im not digging those unis lol
scow79::You must have a fetish for mens boxers then.
ensign.devyn::You mean the parachute pants looking thingers?
ensign.devyn::GS fans, you realize if you didn't feed us, the trolling would die out pretty quick, right?
the.city.::you're tonight's entertainment though
ensign.devyn::Funny, we all feel the same about all of you
mikeisildur::SHUT UP YOU HAVE NO CLASS because you're just a classless forum troll who posts stupid bs on the forums and you have no life   *account created February 19th, 2013*
dudemanbrohella::eat u sad and lonely troll, eat.
ensign.devyn::Hahahaha. Classic
tman8010::Finally, the 6 game losing streak is over.
the.city.::kinda similar to the niners beating the cards at home after that stinker of a loss to the hawks.
the.city.::i'll take it!
ensign.devyn::All it took was getting to play the last place team at home. *phew*
ImAWitness06::Nightmare is over... Sorta
ensign.devyn::Juno, your account was created yesterday. I assume because you have had so many other ones get banned, as some Jazz fans that are also Broncos fans recognize you from Oakland boards. How can you talk about class when whatever it is you do results in getting your account banned frequently? Lol
jzalvarado2.0::the difference is that he can be all kinds of s.hit unclassy tonight BUT he's doing it on HIS board.  Last time I checked, it's the Suns playing the Warriors AND Juno is a Warriors fan (albeit a pretty f.ucked up one)
ensign.devyn::Tanks for explaining
junoXJ::I was in Niners boards not Oakland boards.   maybe from utah fans crying and spamming the flag button when i tell facts about their championship-less franchise?
ensign.devyn::Well, you created it yesterday, on gameday, so I doubt any Jazz fans flagged you before yesterday. Lol. Poor excuse, care to try again?
FeelinthePhog::Man, I'm excited to see the Morris twins playing on the same court again Should be fun to watch
FeelinthePhog::Also, I need to remove Sacramento from my teams list since they dropped T-Rob That team has horrible fans btw
FeelinthePhog::Its like I'm a changed man
arizonasting13::add PHX to your list ;)
arizonasting13::Tanks for beating us. See you guys on da flip side. GG
junoXJ::GG mayne
Orange6O2::GG Warriors fans. See you Suns fans next time.
arizonasting13::laterz
junoXJ::GG man
ClippersFearWarriors::i dont think these suns fans r gonna show up on our board against the spurs cus they only care about their own team and they actually have lives. u listening jazz fans?
free derrick favors::says the dude who has clippers in his name
ensign.devyn::Don't feed the trolls
FORKWDEVIL::Night guys! Sorry I was late.
arizonasting13::peace
Orange6O2::Later
junoXJ::jzalvarado2.0 boy Juno you haven't been around much have you.. these guys have been awful since the 2007 playoffs from what I can remember  i honestly hated the team. i didn't really care for their fans cuz i thought, it's fking utah lol
ensign.devyn::Oakland.   That is all.
ensign.devyn::So THAT's why you want all the Utah fans to suck your di.ck
junoXJ::i live in SF? lol
ensign.devyn::the.city. we like feeding the trolls.  Then I don't want to hear any more complaining from an GS fan, ever :)
sauregurkin::give me an example of this tank-pun-question
the.city.::my favorite holiday is my birthday tho. i'm not bashful
ensign.devyn::NO ONE ANSWER! IT'S A TRAP!
the.city.::woops tanksgiving
the.city.::thanksgiving?
mikeisildur::What is a Warrior fan's favorite holiday?
mikeisildur::I'm sorry Ensign, my favorite "LOL" moment at the reactions you get was whenever you asked some question with an obvious tank pun answer and that Tanks fan was frantically warning his fellows.  "DON'T ANSWER, IT'S A TRICK!"
ensign.devyn::hahahaha there's been a lot that's made me laugh pretty hard, from these GS fans. But that was straight classic
the.city.::complaining about complaining is just dandy
the.city.::i do what i want baby
dudemanbrohella::whaaaaa?
hockeygoon79::alright fellas. i'm out!!! keep on tanking!!!!
FORKWDEVIL::thanks man
Orange6O2::Tanks
arizonasting13::Look at Marcin's face in this pic they put on FB... hahaahhahahaha  http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151433330013996&amp;set=a.86392923995.82452.45898408995&amp;type=1&amp;theater
sauregurkin::i think bogut poked him in the butt
FORKWDEVIL::It is the bay area  ya know
cactusbat::"Come on Guys, just stop..... pleeaassse"
FORKWDEVIL::Looks sexual
Orange6O2::That's what I was thinking
sauregurkin::haha. whats his emotion right there
arizonasting13::"im scared, help"
Orange6O2::Perfect
tman8010::FINALLY a win. Now it's time to start the biggest winning streak in NBA history.
ensign.devyn::1?
ensign.devyn::You also have SA on Friday. Good luck with that
tman8010::I said START the biggest winning streak.
dudemanbrohella::As a warriors fan let me just say...ITS ABOUT DAMN TIME!!!
junoXJ::about a month ago, i thought jazz fans were classy.  boy was i wrong
hockeygoon79::member since... yesterday.
jzalvarado2.0::boy Juno you haven't been around much have you.. these guys have been awful since the 2007 playoffs from what I can remember
mikeisildur::I like how a guy who has an account less than a month old because he is routinely banned accuses other people of not having class
ensign.devyn::That's crazy. i've known GS fans weren't for a LONG time now.
ClippersFearWarriors::good game suns. unlike jazz fans, u guys r alrite
ensign.devyn:::( What are you trying to say?
rbmw263::burn
milakoonisass::that last shot was a 3pointer they gave him 2 O_o
jzalvarado2.0::Much Love for the Suns.  Since I'm a Cardinals and Coyotes fan, I always wish the Phoenix teams well... Except for the Diamondbacks.  F.uck the Diamondbacks
cactusbat::50% $@%! you, 50% lets grab a beer some time
arizonasting13::$@%! you then, but also go cards and yotes
FORKWDEVIL::50% aint bad I guess
Orange6O2::B-)
ClippersFearWarriors::u have nothing on us jazz fans. series tied 1-1 with the last 1 being at oracle. we have a better record than u guys so gtfo!!!!
