Princemwh::To all you whiners out there.  The Bucks lost by 20..If you want to complain about officiating go ahead, it makes you look stupid.  You had zero chance even without refs.
DandyRandy3000::alot of white men have skip bayless syndrome: you couldnt get it done in HS because some black guy was bigger, faster, and better than you, and you harbor resentment. As you get older it actually turns to hate. bitter fools who only WISH they could be as good as Westbrook or Kobe or Lebron.
DandyRandy3000::If you dont think race has anything to do with how Skip operates, you just dont understand him.
LSD_hookem::Doesn't Bayless love Durant? Isn't Durant the same color as Westbrook? Bayless is a complete idiot but I don't agree that race has anything to do with it.
rodrigocz91::both of you are racists and immature.
T-bag666::How 'bout you backin' up dark fella?
SaintLouisCardinalsandcoldbeer::Oklahoma City is the flavor of the month with the NBA now, they get all the calls , if the bucks want that then get a star player or 2 and win some games then you are in. Still I wonder if Stern and his crooked buddies will want the Thunder in the finals
routefndrlee::Flavor of the month or it could be they are just that good.  You are an idiot.  I am sure the last thing the NBA wants is for the OKC Thunder to be in the finals,,,,, what with our amaizing TV market and all, thats why they are giving us all the calls.  Surely they dont want LA, Houston, Dallas in the west to meet Miami, Boston,  Philly or Chicago fromt he east... No they gave every call to OKC against Chicago and Miami last week,, is that what your saying????Are you even reading the words your typing? OKC has had to fight the system, we are outsiders to the "whos who of the NBA"  Get a clue!
LSD_hookem::I did not watch much of last  night's game so I can't comment on officials. I did watch the Thunder game in Miami and saw the most lop-sided officiating ever.
Princemwh::Yes lets blame officiating on a 20 pt. loss.  Get a life you moron
I am stellar::what games have you been watching? the thunder get no calls! no one wants a small market team to win....but face it kids, the thunder will win it all...
Devin53045::i thought i liked the thunder, but after watching last night's game... i changed my mind.  ibaka is a total punk.  i still like durant, but the rest of the team can go suck a D.
AndySportsB::Surge was a bit out of character last night, he's still very professional in my opinion.
routefndrlee::I have watched almost every game of the Thunders for the last 4 years.  I have missed about 7,, and thats the maddest I have ever seen Surge, He has only had 1 tech before that and that was for slamming a ball down.  Dunleavy said somethng to him after taking a swipe at him,,, had to have.  If you dont defend yourself in a league of men,,, then you are a coward and will get walked on.  Nice grab Surge!  You know if he was a punk, he could have just cleaned his clock,, but instead he grabbed him and said back off.
I am stellar::sir, please understand that Serge Ibaka dodged bombs in the congo. he is a BEAST
BrewersPackersGoldenEagles::Thank you Thunder for beating the Bucks, they need the higher pick.
Gyella::That was a man sized grip Iblocka had on Dunleavy's arm. HE'S STROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG!
routefndrlee::Locked him up like a parent grabs their  kid,,,lol
I am stellar::are you blind? can you not afford a dvr to rewind? dunleavy CLEARLY hit serge first...
lebron_failed::your on crack... he clearly stood over him to not let him get up while pushing him down, and then turned and grabbed his arm.  dunleavy was not the main aggressor here.
Whatshop::Yeah...and Dunleavy got the T.  Hand in Sanders face and he got foul...when he protested he got T and bounced from game.  Westbrook blatant travel in front of ref and when Skiles protest, he gets T.  I'm not saying the Bucks would have won this game, but the refs did a lousy job and let OK play as dirty as any NBA team I've watch this year.  Lost all respect for them.
cowboyinorange87::HMMMM... funny how all the Spurs fans. like the lowly spurs4life  have suddenly vanished...
AndrewJWEelch::Nash would be a tempting addition, and I think it would be good in the short run. Hear me out, however, I feel it would be bad in the long.  The bigest factor to me is by adding Nash it would lesson Harden's playing time. Harden right now is ok with coming off the bench and being that go to guy when durant or westbrook need a breather. He's still getting like 30 minutes a game. If the thunder added Nash it would lower Harden to probably less than 20 minutes a game. I don't think Harden would be ok with that. His talent and thirst for the ball and quality minutes would get the better of him and he would want out. So you would then in 3 years when Nash retires have just the duo and lose the beard. Thunder do not have any issues adding older players to fill holes in the lineup, but it's clear they want to base this franchise off of the young superstar talent that is Durant, Westbrook, Hardin and Ibaka. I personally think they be better off in the long run grooming this years rookie, Jackson, over the next three years making him a pass first kind of guy. That would keep this core together for years to come. Spend the $$ on this core and picking up players like Perkins and DFish to fill the holes. To me that = better ingrediants for a dynasty than just picking up Nash and risk causing light tremors if not a full blown earthquake.
AndrewJWEelch::This is true, Maynor is also very talented and young. We have plenty of depth and I agree the main holes that will need filled in the coming years are generally going to be in the paint.
cowboyinorange87::you forget that they still have maynor that will be back next year, which in many eyes is one of the best off the bench backup point guards.... i dont see the thunder making any trades that would draw attention with a big name like that... if they do it would be for a big man who is a scorer
jeremylinfanshq::The Thunder are so well oiled right now, only their own mental collapse will get them out of the the WCF... To think they don't even have a post presence!  Hats off to the coaching staff on making these young guys work on the same page... Harden could easily be a starter in most team, but he's not whining and moping about his 6th man role.  http://jeremylinfanshq.com  OKC vs. MEM or LAC would be a fun series.
soonerguy80::here's an article u have 2 c on Skip Bayless this proves the man is a liar,fraud and just how little he knows about basketball,not to mention why he hates on Russel Westbrook...Skip Bayless has made an outlandish claim or two (okay, at least three) in his time as an ESPN personality. Last week, while ripping Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook, Bayless likened Westbrook's style of play to his own -- in high school.  "FYI: I started for high school team that lost in state finals. Coach didn't like me b/c I shot too much and he wanted me to be more PG." Bayless tweeted.  Then the Internet took over. A website called TheLostOgle, based out of Oklahoma City, found scans of the 1969 and 1970 Northwest Classen High School yearbook. Northwest Classen is Bayless' alma mater where he was a senior in 1970.  The yearbook contained stats of every player on the basketball team -- including Bayless. In 1969, Bayless didn't play a game for the varsity team, though saw time in JV. His senior year, Bayless saw action in 15 0f the team's 22 games, scoring a total of 21 points and Northwest Classen went 20-2 on its way to the state finals.  Incidentally, Russell Westbrook has played in 302 games for the Oklahoma City Thunder (of the NBA), averaging 34.2 minutes, 19 points, 6.8 assists and 4.7 rebounds.
soonerguy80::I've been saying the same thing as a Thunder fan...get Steve Nash and put Westbrook in the #2 spot not only would the Thunder be scary good but also Westbrook would have 1 of the top 3 PG of all times to teach him the PG position so when Nash does retire Westbrook would be 3x better at the PG position then he is now
lamriverside13::what in the WORLD is METTA WORLD PEACE THINKING???? YOU tell me!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vO92Q-ZCjm4
lamriverside13::Ramon Sessions HITS CLUTCH shot!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mK9VGsr2AY
lamriverside13::ramon session dunks over CHRIS CAVEMAN?????  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gdqy9Y-hQuc
lamriverside13::He beens on fire lately!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzVsUkfLLog
poweredbyjae::Harden's game is smooth, definitely respect that cats well rounded skills
Paul96857::Ali44, I think this team has been running great since he said http://bit.ly/IdCjtx
New_York_For_The_Win::BEAST Final Standigs   1 Chicago   2 Miami   3 Indiana   4 New York  5 Atlanta   6 Orlando  7 Boston  8 Philadelphia
cowboyinorange87::i sure couldnt when i read it... almost blew my drink everywhere!!  all these trolls on here you know we are the team to beat, otherwise they wouldnt be on here in the first place. if they say different its just a flat out lie... New York will get blasted tonight in chicago. i dont even know why these yanks are here... they have a what 15-20% chance of making it out of the first round??? and under a 5% chance of getting by the 2nd.... New york will NEVER win a title with Anthony as the best player...
RollThunder35::When you call the East, BEAST, can you keep from laughing?
RollThunder35::Read this, you might learn something.  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1137289-kevin-durant-not-lebron-james-is-the-leagues-most-valuable-player
sports guy12::Durantula
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::ugly win
RollThunder35::Ah, sh.it.  I gotta hit the sack.  I'd talk basketball 24/7 but i gotta work.  Peace!  Clippers go down next!
Javy Jeter::I win LMAO
RollThunder35::Just cuz im gonna sleep?  Your the one that had NO response to my questions.  YOURE MY BIT.CH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
New_York_For_The_Win::Thanks a lot Thunder!!! The Bucks are going down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
canesfan1290::thunder,only team that can beat the heat right now...memphis no just stop it people. knicks in bout 2 yrs will be their
New_York_For_The_Win::Memphis shoul firs make the playoffs, and then beat the Thunder Which I doubt they will
New_York_For_The_Win::If Melo, Stat and Lin can play together with Woodson or Hopefully Jackson, then they can be DOMINANT .  Starting lineup Melo+Stat+Lin+Chandler+Shumpert &gt; AMAZING
canesfan1290::they do have alot of weapons, but i think the heats d will speed up memphis, they have a shot. slim but a shot
Funnyman4WI::I wouldn't undersell the Grizzlies.  They are healthy for the first time since having all their current roster.  Memphis has a better half court offense than the Heat.  The key will be who can defend each other better.
RollThunder35::i cant really read your post but are you talking about 7 game series?
Javy Jeter::knicks next year for sure
RollThunder35::I think I wore all the RW haters down..................Victory is mine!!!
Funnyman4WI::Why do you feel as if you need validation?  It's not like anybody is saying Westbrook is a bad player, most are saying he is one of the league's best players.
RollThunder35::I agree, and I dont need validation.  It's just that Sam Presti wanted to have a dynamic PG in Russ and knew he was a SG.  Now Russ is breaking the mold and isnt a traditional PG and its like people cant except it.  Learn to deal.  I am good.  Dont need validation.  My validation is 42-15.
Javy Jeter::never!!!!!!!!!
bagofmoney_30::LOSE WEIGHT FOR THE SUMMER
RollThunder35::Did you know Russ had 3 assists tonight?  if he doesnt pass, how is that possible?
Funnyman4WI::OKC as a team doesn't get a lot of assists on a nightly basis.  They get most of their points in transition and isolation.
RollThunder35::why does RW have to fit you poor idiots traditional idea of a PG?
Javy Jeter::and Durant had 8. you don't see nothing wrong with that
RollThunder35::Did OKC win?
NY NBK- Far Superior 3::lol 3 AST
RollThunder35::whole team had 20 ast.  OKC won by 20 pts.  If this happens, why does RW have to fit you poor idiots traditional idea of a PG?
TheNewStern::LBJ deserves MVP and DPOY.... at least he will clinch a Finals MVP and get his first ring regardless of what happens the first bit.
AndrewJWEelch::Heat are dangerous when and only when Lebron is on the floor. Watching the last game with the thunder, every time Lebron went to the bench the heat gave up runs to OKC. Lebron can't play the entire four quarters. And if you didn't notice in that game it took Lebron getting flagrantly fouled to kick it up a notch and turn on his full potential. Why does it take that for him to give 100%. That game proved to me Lebron is the most talented player in the NBA right now in every area...except heart. He likes to go out and have fun and when he's not having fun, then he doesnt turn on the well I better still play hard because this is my job mentality. He just starts loafing and unless Lebron can bring it for a full 7 game series and can get some help from some very underachieving supporting cast then the heat won't win the finals.
NY NBK- Far Superior 3::MVP-Durant DPOY- Tyson Chandler Finals MVP- Don't know who but it sure as heck won't be Lebron
canesfan1290::hmm chandler, nice id say avery bradley but i like chandler
Funnyman4WI::LeBron probably will miss out on all three.
RollThunder35::Dont really see how he gets a ring when most teams have figured out how to beat the HEAT.  Most teams dont have the talent to though.  OKC, Bulls, SAS, Grizz all do.  Heat are one team I am betting on DO NOT win it all.
RollThunder35::I dont care who the 1st option is. Its about who is open. When KD is THE best scorer in the NBA, he tends to draw double teams and has to kick it out. When KD is on the floor, Russ usually is too and Russ shoots the next highest %. Class dismissed.
cowboyinorange87::Javy you are splitting hairs here.... of course one can find something that could be better about any player in the NBA... you are like a lil kid that keeps throwing things out there until one of them is actually somewhat relevant.  but have you looked at the record the Thunder have????  i say you dont have a clue what you are talking about just like RollThunder said...now go ahead and get to your own teams board troll....and worry about actually making the playoffs and getting past the 1st round
Javy Jeter::so he didn't yell at his team??regardless if he was mad or not.
Javy Jeter::well I remember when he tried to be a leader and started to yell at his team only to get put in his place by Durant.
RollThunder35::Nope, Russ was mad and KD calmed him down.  See............you PRESUME you know the truth.  you dont.
Javy Jeter::I'm talking about when westbrook is double teamed.he's a great player but not a leader
RollThunder35::how do you know?  do you play with him?  I might leave that decision to people who actually KNOW and TALK to Russ.  WOW.
Javy Jeter::your right when Durant is double teamed he passes the ball unlike westbrook
RollThunder35::How can he pass it if he is being passed to?  Thats impossible.
Funnyman4WI::OKC should sign Steve Nash next season and move Westbrook to shooting guard.  Overall I think Westbrook is a better point guard than Nash, but Nash and Westbrook together would be the best back court in the NBA.  Imagine the Thunder in transition fastbreak situations.
soonerguy80::I've been saying the same thing as a Thunder fan...get Steve Nash and put Westbrook in the #2 spot not only would the Thunder be scary good but also Westbrook would have 1 of the top 3 PG of all times to teach him the PG position so when Nash does retire Westbrook would be 3x better at the PG position then he is now
Funnyman4WI::You really don't think Nash would help the Thunder?  The guy is the best passer in the NBA.  The Thunder would be crazy scary if Nash was running the point with Durant and Westbrook on the wing not to mention one of the league's best dunkers in Ibaka.
RollThunder35::Have you ever heard the adage, "if it aint broke, dont fix it?"
RollThunder35::And yes.........KD is THE BEST pure scorer in the NBA.  He has the 2 most recent scoring titles to back it up if you disagree.
leftytiger7::Thank you Thunder...sincerely,,,A Knicks Fan.
RomeDCarlo::This was a bad matchup for the Bucks, an undersized team going against a team with a 6'10 SF, the leading shot blocker in the league at PF and one of the meanest centers in the league
Funnyman4WI::Durant is 6'9'', but whatever.  Durant is dominant either way.
Koolnuworld::Skiip Bayless drives the Hate Westbrook and Love Tebow Bus at the same damn time
Funnyman4WI::Skip Bayless should eat a bottle of super glue.  The guy is a complete tool.  I swear he is in love with Tebow.
Manute Bogues::The Bucks are fighting for a playoff spot and this is the best performance they could come up with?  Not good.
Koolnuworld::1. Rose ( MVP ) 2. Westbrook ( Most talented,Physically gifted ) 3. Chris Paul ( Best floor general ) 4. Deron ( underachiever Chris paul's teams always overachieve ) 5. Rondo ( A beast )
Funnyman4WI::Tony Parker is better than Rajon Rondo.  Rondo is probably sixth best, but it is close between him and Steve Nash.  Nash is the league leader in assists.
Koolnuworld::I'm from La born in 1988 like Westbrook and Kevin Love were my favorite players at Ucla ever
M17Sheeny::all im saying is rose doesnt have or need someone to make him shine...westbrook needs durant to win
soonerguy80::I highly doubt your on a plane...airlines actually make u turn off all electronics....just ask Alec Baldwin
M17Sheeny::actually im on a plane flyin back to new york not doin anything..so i mine as well debate with a hick and punk like you
RollThunder35::that why you are still here at 12:30 am too??
M17Sheeny::wow u read all these comments...you have no life and care too much about basketball..
RollThunder35::you dont know what youre talking about and its sad.  you regurgitate Skip Bayless comments and have NO mind of your own.
Koolnuworld::I'm a thunder fan actually Rose is the reigning MVP he earned it and his team is number 1 in the east
RollThunder35::So up there^^^^  you meant REIGNING MVP.  OKay.  thot you were saying 2012.
M17Sheeny::when did u become a thunder fan..this season when they first started winning
RollThunder35::Sometime in 2007 when i voted on the tax to renovate the Ford Center that esentially brought the team here.    I can show you ticket stubs to every game ive been to.  wanna see?
RollThunder35::you arent by chance a Bulls fan are you?
RollThunder35::id rank Rose #1 on most injured list.  How can you even say Rose is the MVP?  missed to many games.
RollThunder35::Westbrook hate= fans of other teams who want him on theirs.
M17Sheeny::that makes sense sense you guys down there dont even know the difference between an insult and compliment
RollThunder35::for it to be an insult, i would have to care about what YOU think of me.
M17Sheeny::naaa just a fan for life...how bout you, you Oklahoma hick
RollThunder35::i know you Yanks dont know this, but when you call someone from OK a hick, its not really an insult or compliment
M17Sheeny::did i say i was a fan of larry bird???/ im a fan of the celtics organization..not larry bird...hurry up the bandwagon is leavin without u hop on toot toot thunder
RollThunder35::i would say those things too if i was claiming to be a fan of the organization with the most rings in NBA history.  Celtics bandwagon much????
Koolnuworld::Your from new York and a celtics fan ??? But I bet your a Yankees fan what kind of New Yorker are you ??? Probably from Syracuse
M17Sheeny::nope celtics fan born and raised
Koolnuworld::You went to Boston COLLEGE you didn't play for the Celtics hahahaha you didn't grow up a Knicks fan ???
M17Sheeny::no im a black guy from the bronx celtics and yankees fan went to boston college...want my height weight and sat scores??/
M17Sheeny::im from new york and am a celtics fan..i was at the thinder game tonight and was cheering for no one
RollThunder35::So youre a fan of one of the smack talkingest great ever to play, Larry Bird.  You fricking hypocrite.
Koolnuworld::Still haven't said who your team is troll
M17Sheeny::and troll really..what are u a 15 year old punk
RollThunder35::Its cuz his team is prolly one that had one of the cockiest players in NBA history.
M17Sheeny::no westbrook hate= fans who dont like cocky, arrogant, cry babies
Javy Jeter::westbrook can't stand to be overshadowed. I say trade him someplace where he can be the main guy.Durant is to much of a nice guy to say anything
Javy Jeter::well that 42-15 ain't gonna mean s#it if westbrook has that I'm kobe mindset and messes up in the playoffs,and your right when Durant is double teamed he passes the ball unlike westbrook
soonerguy80::and experts have already said that in the next 5-10 yrs you'll c more PG like Westbrook than the typicl PGs u c now....the game always changes
RollThunder35::according to YOU.  Traditional PG should.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::PG should have more assists
RollThunder35::did you know Russ had 3 assists tonight?  if he doesnt pass, how is that possible?
RollThunder35::I dont care how MANY agree with me.  All i care about is that OKC is........................42-15.  boom.
Javy Jeter::if you want westbrook to be the first option and not the best shooter in the league then you don't know what the FU..CK! your talking about.ask around and see how many agree with you.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::The same coaches analysts etc..that contend that Westbrook is going to be the problem for OKC, but that doesn't count towards this right??? LOL
Giants-Knicks-R-back::They both can shoot, they both make free throws, Both off the dribble, But Melo is a much better post up player. Pure means the ability to do it different  ways with ease.
RollThunder35::You do understand that my contention is not OPINION right.  He is considered NBA wide by coaches, fellow players, analysts, etc to be the BEST PURE SCORER in the NBA.  Melo can just get it because he hit a buzzer beater to beat the Bulls.  SMDH
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Are you about to tell me that winning scoring titles means you're the best pure scorer? If so, then you've already lost this.
RollThunder35::OMG, i knew you were gonna say Melo.  Question tho............who has won the last 2, count em 2, scoring titles?
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Carmelo Anthony. The only difference is Melo is big enough to play "bully ball" in the paint. Durant isn't as  good as that.
RollThunder35::Then who is?
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Durant not the best pure scorer in the nba yet. He will be but isn't
RollThunder35::I dont care who the 1st option is numnut.  Its about who is open.  When KD is THE best scorer in the NBA, he tends to draw double teams and has to kick it out.  When KD is on the floor, Russ usually is too and Russ shoots the next highest %.  Class dismissed.
RollThunder35::so OKC can stop winning?  i dont get it. do you like it when your team loses or something?
RollThunder35::no he doesnt.  OKC is like 27-6 when Russ scores first.  you dont even know what the FU.CK you are talking about.
Javy Jeter::if he understood his role it would be fine but it seems that sometimes he is trying to overshadow Durant and it does affect the team in a negative way.don't get me wrong I think he's a great player but he has to understand he's the second option
Koolnuworld::Westbrook killed Monte Ellis and Jennings tonight
M17Sheeny::you see jennings cross westbrooks $@% over and break his ankles tonight...i did
Koolnuworld::Westbrook is a great basketball player on a great basketball team.. People want Durant to average 30 shots a game. If Rubio was on theTiberwolves and Westbrook and Love got to play together again They would Kill
Funnyman4WI::The Bucks back court duo combined for a merger 22 points and 8 assists with 4 turnovers.  Ellis and Jennings need to do better than that.
MettaWorldWar::Westbrook = Douchebag
RollThunder35::An MVP and allstar douc.hebag
spersack::While it's true that the Thunder are on another level than MKE, Westbrook isn't half the player he thinks he is.
M17Sheeny::i was at the game and all i saw was this..westbrook thinks the game was westbrook vs jennings, jennings scores then westbrook just wanted to show it back and score... rose understands its the bulls vs the other team not rose vs the opposing point guard
redbob4thetruth::westbrook&gt;rose
Funnyman4WI::I can't stand the Bulls, but I can't agree with that.  I would pit Westbrook as the fourth best point guard in the league behind Rose, Deron Williams and Chris Paul.  Tony Parker rounds out the top five.
spersack::and remember I didn't say he wasn't good, but confidence &gt; arrogance
spersack::Bit of both probably.  I don't believe in rubbing someones face in $@%! unless you are truly that good. I.E. Kobe, MJ, Bird, etc.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Are you saying that because you don't like him? Or you ACTUALLY believe that?
HiTekk_::http://games.espn.go.com/fba/clubhouse?leagueId=26178&amp;teamId=8&amp;seasonId=2012  RATE
loganramsey111::the thunder are going to be this year's dallas. Durant will get his first ring
spersack::Year of the heat.  Like it or not.
soonerguy80::OKC has already proven the Heat r overrated
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Stop it.
redbob4thetruth::WESTBROOK&gt; ROSE
M17Sheeny::thats y they had to take westbrook out of the game while it was a ten point game because hes the best point guard in the league right.  He is an arrogant punk who needs a star like durant to win
MettaWorldWar::redboob &lt; idiot
Jamaal 43::Damn, the Bucks got they a$$ whipped !!! lol
Funnyman4WI::How can Ilyasova only get TWO rebounds?  I hope Milwaukee doesn't overpay to keep him around.  If his asking price is too high, the Bucks should sign Chris Kaman or Aaron Gray.  Neither is an all-star, but both are legitimate centers.  Larry Sanders is the Bucks only center, that needs to change.
mtcunning3::LOL, are you a retard  Illyasova averages almost a double double, while playing only 28 minutes.  The Bucks gameplan tonight was to keep Illyasova on the perimiter, to hopefully take OKC's center out of the lane.  That's why he only had 2 rebounds.  Bucks should overpay up their asswholes for Illyasova this off season, guys a stud.
Funnyman4WI::It is funny you mentioned the Wizards.  They signed Andray Blatche for big money after flashing all-star ability and now there are regretting it.  They tried to trade him several times already and he is constantly benched for less talented players.  When player's numbers spike in a contract season caution is required.
Funnyman4WI::There are pretty close to them now.  The Pistons and Wizards could move past the Bucks easily next season.  The Buck's are spinning their tires.  Some changes need to be made.  First of all they need to get a real center.  If they keep Ilyasova, they should trade Drew Gooden.  I liked the pickup of Gooden at the time and he his playing decent this season, but there won't be enough minutes to go a round between a real center acquisition, Gooden, Ilyasova, Luer, Sanders, Mbah a Moute and Udoh.  Scott Skiles should be considered for replacement as well.  They should try for Jerry Sloan.
mtcunning3::They should give it to him.  Bucks would be right with the Wizards, Bobcats, Pistons, and Raptors, if Illyasova wasn't on the team.
Funnyman4WI::When he wants to be.  I am just saying, if the guy wants over $10 million a season, he should be let go.  Ersan said he is going where the money is.  Some team is bound to offer more than the Bucks.  Ilyasova could be a player like Dirk Nowitzki or Hedo Turkoglu.  It is a big risk, big reward scenario.
lance_baldwin_lbst::Durant could have easily went for 30+ this game just like any other game, but I love it when he looks for his teammates more like tonight. The guy gets so many double teams it is becoming a second nature to find a wide open big or a player outside the arc.
lance_baldwin_lbst::Durant may just be a once in a lifetime player...
AndySportsB::If he bulks up and can dive to the paint more aggressively it's game over man.
Funnyman4WI::That's what happens with today's Domininque Wilkins.
Goon5832::Knicks got lucky yesterday 4 missed free throws in the final second will lose tommorrow and to us on Wednesday watch
Duke was my NC pick::no Rose just choked while Melo came up clutch
Giants-Knicks-R-back::What's the Lottery #'s Ms. Cleo??
Dented_rim::Russell Westbrook - one more reason not to like the NBA (like we needed more). In the 70's, 80's, and 90's every team kept an enforcer just for punks like Russell. A few Frank Brickowski elbows and Russell wouldn't be pulling that poser bs ever again. If you like drama (as in drama queens), then todays NBA is for you... but if you like hoops over choreographed touchdown wiggle butt moves... forgetaboutit!
lance_baldwin_lbst::Westbrook plays with passion and it shows. When you dominate the game like he does you are going to be confident. I love me some Westbrook!
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Never got your response to my post above.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Excuses, excuses.
Dented_rim::Bird and MJ trashed talked in a way that it wasn't a part of the game that showed up to the audience, unless you had front-row seats. I don't recall either doing any stupid pre arranged poses after a play.
Dented_rim::World class? What world do you live in - the land of Nintendo?  I have no problem with Westbrooks hoop skills - it's his 3 year old tantrums that hold him back as a person. Would you hire Westbrook to promote your business? Westbrook is the MVP of the Thunder - and also its cancer - just a matter of time until the owners get tired of his act. Dennis Johnson was every bit as good as Westbrook and look at how many teams dumped him... and DJ didn't get any endorsement $$$ either.
Funnyman4WI::Larry Bird was said to be the biggest trash talker of all-time.  Things is, he could back it up.  Best small forward of all-time.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::And I guess Bird, M.J. Magic, Kemp, Barkley never talked trash or showed people up??? RIIIIIIGHT
lance_baldwin_lbst::Westbrook doesn't seem to care what other people think. The true sign of an all world class player. People are just jealous because he is the best point guard in the NBA.
Dented_rim::You can have passion and not sacrifice class, showing up other players is as bad as it gets. Try that stuff in the local rec league and see how many teeth get knocked out... lmao.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::Then how about just not watching?
soonerguy80::forget Dented_rim: he's been talking smack about the Thunder all season,he gets on here every once in a while and spills his sprews,he's a Sonics lover who is still sore about losing the only good team Seattle ever had
Giants-Knicks-R-back::I don't think you should guess.  Here we go again with this NY jealousy...lol. Notice I never asked or mentioned where YOU are from? Don't care. And that statement was just silly, So I guess the Lakers aren't good because they don't play the way "showtime" did? So because THIS Knicks team didn't play like the Ewing led teams means they aren't back? Lie to yourself all you want. The Knicks are a VERY good and dangerous team now. They are BACK baby..
Dented_rim::Right - cuz no one ever has views at a sports site that are opposed to yours. Typical NY'er, always desperate for the last word. The Knicks didn't get better - the entire NBA has gotten worse... I guess you are too young to know what the good Knicks teams played like.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::You know enough about Westbrook, for someone that doesn't watch. It's just the worst to watch someone whine about something they have a choice NOT to do. And you're right, the Knicks are not a better team now than they have been for 10 years. What was I thinking?
Dented_rim::you assume too much - haven't watched more than one quarter of NBA ball all year. But I do know enough to know the Knicks ain't back... lmao.
THUNDER4LIFERW00::MY BOY RUSSELL WESTBROOK SHUTTING UP THE HATERS!!
Giants-Knicks-R-back::What makes them "haters"?
Giants-Knicks-R-back::That's not hating. (most overused word EVER) Never heard that he can't shoot, but he DOES shoot too much. He has one of the top 2 pure scorers in the NBA and they would be much more dangerous if he had a CP3 or Nash mentality. Mot shooting as often as Durant.
THUNDER4LIFERW00::The fact that everybody says he doesn't pass (7 assists) and say he can't shoot the ball (26 points).
