LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::J
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::LJ
zmichalo39::why the bucks are so bad.....  gm: ok coach this year is the year. we've got a great young point gaurd and we got a new scorer in stephan jackson go get him!  1 month later...  gm: what's wrong coach?   skiles: jackson is a meanie i dont like him.... :'(
cyclonextrem::He has a calf injury right now.
gmskking::What has gotten into Drew Gooden these days?  He been tearing it up lately.  Glad I picked him up on fantasy.
epicbenz NJD::good game stevenson  F****** bum
dpackrules::This is sad and milwaukee is next!! In my beleaguered hometown of Washington, D.C., the license plates say, "Taxation Without Representation." In the beleaguered capital of my adopted home state of California, the license plates should read, "Taxation Without Reason."  Congratulations, Sacramento, the good news is you've kept your NBA franchise.  The bad news is that you've struck another deal against common sense and civic responsibility.  Yes, once again ordinary citizens will pay an extraordinary price to pay for a new rich-people's playpen. To prevent the Kings from leaving, a compliant Sacramento city council voted, 7-2, to foot two-thirds of the cost of a new arena. The arena project was spearheaded by former NBA star Kevin Johnson, who was elected mayor of Sacramento but acts more like mayor of the Sacramento Kings.  (Couch Slouch is worn out, my friends. Trust me, I'm tired of preaching. I don't even have the right clothes to deliver a sermon; I only own one suit, which I use for weddings and court appearances. Besides, this is supposed to be a humor column - proselytizing and punch lines don't mix.)  Last year I began my "No More Stadiums, With or Without Tax Subsidies" Tour. We went all across Sports Nation - well, actually, I ran the whole operation from my Barcalounger - trying to convince folks to stop financing sports complexes and to start rethinking solutions to critical community problems.  My efforts were a bust. Nobody cares that, as a rule, public investments in sports buildings seldom are justified by public benefits; everybody just wants a shiny new arena or stadium, with plenty of parking.  Alas, I'm one part stubborn and two parts stupid, so I'm back again, with a retooled "No More Stadiums. . . " Tour.  (Before going any further, let's get back to our nation's capital. A previous group of local leaders in D.C. OK'd a taxpayer-financed $611 million baseball park. Now, the current local leaders are angling to pitch a sweetheart deal to get the Washington Redskins to move their training facility into the city on a 30-acre piece of prime public land that was designated for health care, recreation and education use 10 years ago. Hmm. Why not? I mean, if choosing between mixed-use development that delivers amenities the region needs OR a weight room for pro athletes, I've got to say: Bring in the dumbbells, ASAP!)  In 2006, voters in Sacramento overwhelmingly rejected funding an arena through a sales tax increase. The city already had helped build two other arenas since 1985 - the feckless civic leaders there are serial subsidizers. And, now, Sacramento will contribute $255.5 million to the cost of the Kings' new $391 million palace, largely through parking revenue.  "This city is on the verge of insolvency," said councilwoman Sandy Sheedy, a rare dissenting voice who contends the project "will scoop up every nickel and dime" left in the budget.  The happy recipients of the city's largess are Kings owners Joe and Gavin Maloof, broke millionaires getting a bailout from people who can't even afford to attend NBA games.  (If you want to go to this Sunday's Timberwolves-Kings game in Sacramento, a good midcourt ticket will run you $169, something behind the basket costs $114 and the nosebleed seats go for $50 a pop. If a family of four goes the cheap route, it's still $250 with parking and concessions. What I would do is this: Get a bucket of Popeyes for 20 bucks and watch the game at Sears and, if we get thrown out, listen to the rest of it on the car radio.)  It's sick: We need creative, progressive minds to tackle difficult education, transit and housing problems, and, rather, we get a line of bodies shouting for new arena construction.  Because of budget cuts in California, the state likely will eliminate all money for school buses next year. That's right - no school buses. Why stop there? Why not eliminate all schools? Then you could convert the empty buildings into basketball arenas and replenish state coffers with parking fees. Sad when tax payers need to compensate casino owners!
tjandtheshadow::Finally Brandon Jennings can make it to the playoffs , can't wait To see where he will go in a couple of years
prezh601::the bucks will be your 8th spot.. better point guard play
Strong Troll Orthenthald::If it smells like flipper don't drop the zipper
stickgril::we are 6 games below 500, cant hold a halftime lead, have a useless coach and a bunch of mishmosh head cases...we no where near deserve to make playoffs....Brandon will be gone after next year,  and well Bogut has always been a "pile"..The Bucks are one of the worst teams in the NBA year after year. We couldnt beat a middle school girls team
Metsfan1534::I dont know if other nets fans realize this or im the only one, on every team the europeans $@%!$@% have their best game against the nets. I hate all eurpoean bball players they dont deserve to be in the nba all they do is flop. Some examples................ Nikola Pecovic, Ersan Ilyasova, Goran Dragic, BenoUdrih,
wileyrummel::Ersan had a $@%!$@ game against you though.
KevinDurantFan56::Kwame Brown &gt; Nets
Anyteaman::Can someone tell me where they are hearing these Ellis rumors or shoot me a link or something?
crazycucker::dwights demanding orlando trade for nash... could be scary options for trades here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
PadresChargersClippers::The bucks are 18-24 and in the 8th seed? hahaha shows how tough the eastern conference is, having said that, it's cool to see teams like the bucks doing well. They should definitely hold on to Jennings.
cyclonextrem::Remember... The Bucks beat the heat TWICE without Bogut. Bucks beat the Knicks twice, the Lakers, the 76ers back before they crumbled.
joshuaizme::The fact that until a couple days ago the INDIANA PACERS WERE THE 3 SEED show just how sorry the East is this year.  You have the two "Great," teams in Miami and Chicago. The teams that have the potential to play "Great," but are FAR too inconsistent in Boston, Orlando,  and Atlanta. The teams that are overachieving due to the lack of good teams in Philly and Indiana. And the underachieving Knicks.  The Bucks deserve to be in the playoffs, and if Bogut was healthy, they'd likely be the second best team in their division.
JasonRosenbaum::WOW! I was just about ready to give up on this team. They have come storming back! Hopefully the team can keep it up down the stretch.
GeX.1::KNICKS LOSE!!!! youre welcome :)
MrMacross::Good job Bucks. Get that 8 seed!
14lbenson::WOOHOOO BUCKS ARE IN!!!!!!!! KEEP UP THE WINNING!!!
tajs mahall::told ya bucks we had u  leggo bucks yal my pick for the 8 seed got money onit
Milwaukee Bucks.::Gooden 23 pts 8 rebounds 7 assists Jennings 34 pts 7 rebounds 7 assists  Great game!
JulioJonesBrother::I have Jennings and Humphries on my fantasy team :)
Milwaukee Bucks.::werent you glad Jennings decided to shoot today?
Milwaukee Bucks.::Wow to think we are the 8th seed now is justy incredible. This team showed heart in the 2nd half.  GOOO BUCKS!!
CavsPatsBucks22::no lie cavs gonna break your hearts
Milwaukee Bucks.::We'll see wednesday in the BC if the Cavs are the truth!
Gt_jackets89::Good job bucks, nice to see us on the right track again
KORNETS::OK GUYS IM OUTTA HERE!! I GOTTA BUST A NUT AND GET THIS TENSION FROM LOSING OUT!! I ALREADY GOT A HEADACHE FROM ALL THE COCAINE I DID DURING THE GAME HAHA
KORNETS::sometimes u just cant blame the coach for a young team with a constantly rotating lineup (therefore dif gamplan) making mental errors and/or breaking down at streches during games
badguy40::so so fu ckin funny u hick
CavsPatsBucks22::dang it Milwaukee can you guys loose a game so cavs get a break lol no but seriously good game
panther4406::We'll give your our wins. Seriously.
dpackrules::We draft lousy (last 20 years)  So just trade the picks,, Bogut and jennings to the suns for Nash and Gotat and then trade the picks for another scorer! Nash still has two good years left and we can get guards cause the league is guard heavy...  win NOW forget about tomorrow!!
nevermetawisemanifsoitsawoman::I started following a basketball betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the very first page of Google. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
quikk0048::Why did ilyasova play only 24 minutes and so ineffective?
quikk0048::Thanks, just passed on a fantasy trade for lebron..makin sure he wasnt hurt
dpackrules::He has played a lot of mins lately,, just had a poor night,, it happens,,  SEE LABRON...
panther4406::foul trouble.  picked up 2 in the first 4 minutes of the game and never really got in the flow
-FEARTHEDEER-::tired from his 30+ game yesterday. Other players stepped up today so Skiles gave him much deserved rest.
drftw42134::I am sorry. I know Avery Johnson is a very nice coach and I apologize for my comments made previously before but this nonsense has got to be addressed. He is not the same coach when he was in Dallas. Avery has to act more like that and make the players finish the game. They started really well but they have to play like the way the played in the first quarter every quarter. Not like the 2nd half.
MetropolitansFan::Avery should be fired .... fresh start
KORNETS::sometimes u just cant blame the coach for a young team with a constantly rotating lineup (therefore dif gamplan) making mental errors and/or breaking down at streches during games
dpackrules::SORRY but Ellis and jennings playing on the same team would be suicide. Both are head cases who pout when they don't get their way!! We need a a decent big guy to piller the middle and a guy like kaman would fit! Then get a guy like thornton to help jennings in the final minutes.. They are out there for the taking if Herb opens the lid on his pockets!
-FEARTHEDEER-::if we got ellis jennings would rpobably leave in the the trade
mrhoops0617::stupid the bucks obvistly arent even gonna win now with them and better for the future to keep them
dpackrules::Trade bogut and jennings for nash and gotat...
-FEARTHEDEER-::yeah but with Jennings then because I would agree with this guy jennings and ellis on the same team is stupid and waste of money
docboss85::No, Bogut would be the guy traded.
docboss85::I dont think Jennings pouts as much as everyone says. He has been upset with the direction of the franchise and was pissed he wasnt an all star. Both were legit gripes.
littlebabylalash::Fouling down by 8 points with 16 seconds left.........  LOL, Good to see Donaghy' legacy still lives on.
KORNETS::KNICKS, BULLS, CLIPPERS, AND MAVERICKS ARE THE MOST OVERATED TEAMS IN MY HONEST OPINION.  THE BUCKS ARE JUST CRAP, NOT OVERATED I WAS MESSIN WITH BUCKS FANS HERE, I WANT SOME OTHER OPINIONS.  WHAT DO U GUYS THINK ABOUT MY CHOICES AND IF NOT WHO SHOULD BE ON THE LIST?
KORNETS::MAYBE ADD LAKERS?
dpackrules::FIRST,,, bush the caps button...
KORNETS::ok how bout a useful comment? response?
docboss85::I dont agree about the Bulls. Legit 1 or 2 seed. Other than that its a good list. I would add the Hawks.
KORNETS::but they are def an Overachieving team that one cud easily see as a low playoff seed with their sparse talent
WiscCHISportsFan12::LeBrons Receding Hariline  Blame Skiles
drftw42134::What bothers me more is the fact that most Nets fans switched to Knicks fans and talking crap about the team. Literally, my friend was a Nets fan until Vince Carter left the team, now he is a bandwagon Knicks fan because they are doing good now. And why Lebron calling out the team like that? Nets shouldn't be considered an NBA team? How about you think before you speak? You haven't won a championship yet and Jordan Farmar who you are way better than him has 2 nba championship rings and you to call out the Timberwolves and Nets would be better if they didn't existed? Unbelievable NBA players talking and can't back it up. There are many fans in the NBA that love their teams. Look at the Kings for example. Kings have not won a championship and the closest they have gotten was the conference finals yet they are still loved in Sacramento and people in Cali wanted the team to stay there.
kristy4ua::did ILASOVA get injured. He only played 20 min
kristy4ua::the refs had to even the game bc of derons injury and humphries constant crying about fouls
kristy4ua::we would have won with his wk on the glass.
Spider_Silva::i came here to find out the same thing. what hapened to Ersan?
badger0130::Foul trouble
docboss85::Scott Skiles coaching playbook.
WiscCHISportsFan12::He has been playing amazing lately, so Skiles cut his minutes.
WiscCHISportsFan12::"The Bobcats are overrated."  Kornets
docboss85::The Bobcats have the worst collection of talent I've ever seen on an NBA roster. Its just sad.
WiscCHISportsFan12::Michael Jordan is the Greg Ostertag of GM's.
MetropolitansFan::with the move to Barclays...fire Avery as soon as the season is over...fresh start!
docboss85::Freaking Bulls. Come on.
nevermetawisemanifsoitsawoman::I started following a basketball betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the very first page of Google. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
KORNETS::MOST OVERATED TEAMS:    KNICKS, BULLS, CLIPPERS, MAVS, BUCKS
lhscf1::Turn off the $@%!$@% caps locks you roided up freak.
KORNETS::KNICKS, BULLS, CLIPS, MAVS ARE DEF OVERATED HAPPY?
KORNETS::CUZ PEOPLE THINK THEY WILL BE GOOD WITH BOGUT, AND THAT THEY ARE A PLAYOFF TEAM.  BASED ON WHAT IM HEARING, HONESTLY IM KINDA BUSTIN BALLS ON THE BUCKS BUT THE REST ARE ACCURATE
WiscoMase23::the knicks are 18-24 and way overrated. but the bucks get no national exposure or praise so this makes no sense
WiscCHISportsFan12::How is an 18-24 team overrated?
docboss85::How can an 18-24 team be overrated? lol.
KORNETS::LIKE I SAID THE BUCKS PART WAS TO $@% WITH THE HATERS THE REST OF THE TEAMS DEF DESERVE TO BE ON THE LIST
WiscCHISportsFan12::Beat me to it. lol
SFEST13::KRIS HUMPHRIES IS A MONSTER
Spider_Silva::said Kris, Kim, Kloe, Kourtney and Lil' Rob
WiscCHISportsFan12::"Please Knicks, make the playoffs, I'm scared to play the Bucks."  LeBron
drftw42134::I really actually want Avery Johnson to call out his team in tonight press conference. The Nets deserve to be called out for the way they have been finishing games. Look at the Rockets game. We couldn't finish that and now we couldn't finish this one. Don't $@%!$@% worry about the Knicks record or any other teams record. Just play the $@%!$@% game. Tired of that $@%! really $@%!$@% tired of that crap. I have never been so pissed off about the Nets than tonight. Literally get $@%!$@% mouthed and owned by Jennings himself. Even a college basketball team can beat the Nets. Waiting for the season to end so you can start off right in Brooklyn? Why not start now? Proove everyone in the NBA wrong and don't be the disappointment of the NBA.
KORNETS::WE DEF CANT WAIT FOR BROOKLYN, THIS SEASON IS THE SEASON WE ARE SUPPOSED TO SHOW THE WORLD WE WILL BE A FORCE NEXT YEAR IN BK AND ATTRACT TOP PLAYERS AKA DWILL/DHOWARD
NBA_refs_are_weak::apparently any NBA player looking to make the next step, just marry kim kardashian for a little bit. good god, 31 and 18?
adsohig::Get rid of andrew bogut. he is the biggest wimp in the nba!
Gambling and Rambling::agree trade him for a blooming union at Outback Steakhouse
Gambling and Rambling::You want to tell me Vegas is not involved in this. 99 out 100 times down 8 with 16 seconds left a team would just dribble out. Whatever its NBA and you should expect this crap
NBA_refs_are_weak::Id love for some mathematician to work out the odds on the amount of games, based on the rate of scoring that game was going, would ACTUALLY cover a spread. its amazing the amount of games that in the last 5 minutes theres a flurry of phantom calls and inconsistent calls that were called differently on the same exact plays earlier in the game. IDK, ive never seen anything like it before
dilan19::Bucks -3.5 was a very good pick!!! Cash in the bank!!! CHA CHING!!!! $$$$$$
tomBOMB505::same here bro was nervous for a minute but they pulled it out when it mattered
dpackrules::The Milwaukee bucks are 18 and 24 … In their 24 loses they have actually had the lead with three or less mins left in 18 of those loses! You take a look at the roster and it’s pretty amazing they have been in these games? Just imagine if they had a GO TO guy in the final mins?? Jennings is a turnover waiting to happen when it comes to the last shot and nobody else on the team wants it to go to them!!! Ray Allen, Sam Cassel, if we had a player like them this team would probably be in first place. It’s a shame because we buck fans have suffered the last ten years and yet Herb Kohl just don’t seem to care! The guy has more money than carter has liver pills but just won’t give any up so we can have a winning team! Any thoughts??
lhscf1::(I meant 45-50 wins in a full season, obviously lol)
lhscf1::I've been saying all year the Bucks are a superstar/closer away from being a legit team that could win 45-50 games. I was hoping Stephen Jackson could be that guy but clearly he isn't the answer. I honestly think if the Bucks could work out a trade like they did 2 years ago they could get on a roll and challenge for a 5 or 6 seed.
panther4406::Jennings is actually a stand up guy and a good player who actually LIKES Milwaukee.  Just because he'd prefer to be in a bigger market doesn't mean he doesn't want to be here.  Get him enough pieces here and he'll stay.
