mpdalry1::Wow the East is pretty bad.  beyond the top three teams this is a very mediocre group of teams...and then some really bad ones
Watspoppin99::Let's go tonight!!! 3rd in the Eastern Conference, here we come!!!!!
bucktriple::Foster is beast
sportsguy702::Sports tips email me at dpwolf84@gmail.com
NBA_refs_are_weak::is that a misprint? almost 40 minutes at center and kaman got 2 rebounds?
Isai5536::kdogownsu-where denial happens
kdogownsu::Sounds like ur the one in denial
OFrog::Have the Pacers ran out of last place teams to beat? And this last place team who played last night when the Pacers did not forced OT. I love the  Pacers.
kdogownsu::Bulls have one of lowest SOS in nba
Reds30417::scratch that second "and"
Reds30417::They have had very quality wins this season. And the hornets beat Linsanity and a few days earlier btw
Reds30417::You are the number one pacers basher!
terpsravensmavs::jack shoots more shots off of the bench than when he starts
kdogownsu::I loved jack off in indy
naptown1984::who is the most hated team in the nba?? mine is the spurs
kdogownsu::Qoute me when I said rose is bad. I said he's one of the bet first 3 quarter players in the leauge. To bad he has all these back issues that's what messed up iverson and mcgrady career
naptown1984::wasmt reffering to u some-one else
naptown1984::oh and as for granger sometimes he just makes bad shots bad choices and really pisses me off!! he has potential but hasnt showed it lately i think he prolly scored 5 points tonight while roy won us the game by scoring 30 points
kdogownsu::Please quote me when I said he was bad? I said he's one o the first 3 quarter players in the leauge. To bad he as all these back issues that's what messed up iverson and mcgrady careers
naptown1984::yeah well iam a pacer fan but still gotta be realistic here if i said d rose was horrible that would be a crime so yeah i know and you know that he is good!!
kdogownsu::Please quote me once when I said rose is bad? He's one of the best first 3 quarter players In the nba. It's just to bad he has back issues that's what messed up iverson and mcgrady careers.
naptown1984::spurs loosing to portland yes sir!! 37-57
kdogownsu::I remember when he missed 2 ft in a row against the heat. Was to scared to take game winner against pacers do he passed from scalbrini sounds like he hides in 4th. By the way how's rose back doing, back problems ruined overdone and mcgradys career, thats to bad rose was good first 3 quarters player why it lasted
Isai5536::this guys swears rose is bad. must be denial.
naptown1984::he will return its just when he will idk
naptown1984::ok the bulls lost to the nets but we pacers lost to the cavs  sacramento and barely won tonight cmon guys your making me look like a sports know it all but yea so we can go all day with this pacer fans everyone has there ups and downs but dosent mean like in this case the bulls suck cause god espn,and the world knows that it isnt true
kdogownsu::I never said rose was bad. He's like Lebron a choker
Isai5536::lebron fades away in crunch time, rose takes the initiative. like i said. mostly rose until he passed to korver. sure you can remember  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-7CXbPC-uo
naptown1984::Can I say something iam a pacer fan but lets not talk $@%! about the bulls they got talent all around just more then others yes the pacers won but yeah we gotta play them 3 more times so lets um relax here. oh and d rose cmon guys if we the pacers had him ya wouldnt be saying or talking trash against him hes a baller!!
Isai5536::thank you
kdogownsu::Granger can make a big shot he's not like d choke plus we have lots of other good players not just one do he dosent have to play flawless every game to win
Isai5536::as for "d-choke" remember he was the reason we came back in game 1 last year then passed to korver to break the tie.
Isai5536::rose has made many big shots. he started of with a big shot in the 1st game of the season. hate on rose all you want but everyone that does knows damn well they will take him over any other pg they have unless you have CP3 cause he fits perfectly in L.A
kdogownsu::U guys beat crappy teams. U got blown out by nets the other night without rose. Ur schedule has one of lowest sos
naptown1984::O'neal was the best non complaining player ever that didnt complain if he was ever called for a foul..Oh and come to think of it l.a is a hated team to there dirty always fouling and never called for nothing epecially kobe. but something good came from l.a is o'neal great player and highly watched and just was a great non complaining player
kdogownsu::Or should I call him D chokE
Isai5536::granger is the one with down numbers. and a bad fg%
kdogownsu::Hibbert dominated Noah in the bulls collapse it's either d rose or bust. Their like Lebrons cavs one good player everyone else is garbage. Paul George shut rose down when we put him on Rose in 4th he had 2 Pts
Isai5536::we were 6-3 while he was gone. not sure its rose or bust as you say. sure we cant go deep in the playoffs without him but still can win games
naptown1984::yeah but the bulls do have the talent so you caint hate them cause they celebrate why caint they,they can there winning,and yeah i dont like the bulls cause iam a pacer fan but hey wouldnt you celebrate if you were in that position to!? anyway i hate the spurs cause there a team that dosent get called for fouls that are fouls!!
Isai5536::just like in the last game when hibbert got a hook shot over noah and ran up the court yelling"he cant guard me!" and right then and there noah got a dunk
Isai5536::did i not say the truth????
kdogownsu::Just proved my point probably a $@%!$@ bag bulls fan
Isai5536::just hate cause you get no attention in the division
NGplayinskillz::I hate the Chicago Bulls.
kdogownsu::Easily the bulls. Fans r d bags. Noah is trash and celebrates after every bucket he's lucky to come by same with boozer. D rose is starting to wine about every call now too.
joshuaizme::Any team that talks smack or openly gloats is one I'm not a fan of...cough cough....."not one, not two, not three,"...............
joshuaizme::When watching the Pacers play, they seem like a lottery team half the time, but their record says otherwise.....
naptown1984::lmfao iam a die hard pacer fan but yeah id never bet on them myself lol
dskaushik::So David Stern basically screwed Hornets royally.    2012 record so far 7 - 25 2011 record 46 - 36  Surprising thing is that no one is talking about it. David stern should be fired for screwing up New Orleans because he runs his org like a dictator
BlueChewy06::yeah but he is going to make everything right by giving away Chris Kaman... Part of me wonders if he is going to disband the team.
mpdalry1::He's not disbanding the team...he has two potential owners lined up...and is waiting for the state to sign off on the deal and part of the deal includes a NO buy out clause.  This is taking a little more time because the state leg. needs to approve...which they will because they are the ones who drew up the same stipulations 3 years ago.
naptown1984::1:07 left till pacers are 4th best team in the east
naptown1984::2:00 and pacers once again will be the 4th best team in the east
bayoubum92::We let this one slip away. We should be able to at least beat Cleveland tomorrow....
naptown1984::cleveland should of lost tonight
Ultras South::naptown1984 hey ultra still wanna talk or you gunna drop it cause u know what u say is stupid and dosent matter!! --------------------------------- It matters to you because you responded :) 0 titles. But I'll admit they have potential and talent this year.
naptown1984::i just  hope miami and chicago get a loosing streak going lol
naptown1984::lol i hear ya!! alot of bball left
naptown1984::your cool,im just saying anyway the pacers are the 2nd youngest team in the nba behind sacramento but doing good not exspected but are good/young. but ppl dont see that but obvously you do so its cool im just tired of hearing stupid comments about them against others
Ultras South::I was just trolling, but I gotta be real sometimes.
MAGIC11033::Looks like those people are still laughing at the guy who said the hornets were going to win.
iownamicrowave::zingerrr
harry46774::time for pacers 2 take off with george hill comin' back!!!
naptown1984::Yeah he might struggle a lil bit cause he has been out 10+ days but now that he is back the pacers will be that much better and maybe get better playoff position.
naptown1984::Oh yeah start tomorrow pacers will be so much better george hill is back tomorrow against bobcats!!
naptown1984::Yep thats fo sho,he might struggle at first tomorrow but he will get going and the pacers now will  have alot better chance to make a better run towards playoffs!!! oh and let me tell all of you pacer haters the pacers are the 2nd youngest team in the nba behind sacramento kings.
iownamicrowave::Yepp... been out like 10 games... really hurt the 2nd unit...
IUCOLTSPACERSREDS::GO Pacers forever
robertstack12345::rob, there are many baseball teams in indiana, from little league to a triple A team, but no, we do not have a major league team... though we used too in fort wayne.... anyways, the made up user name doesnt say "here are names of teams only in one state that I root for" its just simply a list of teams we root for, but thanks for your misguided thoughts
iownamicrowave::I root for tigers
rob111111113::No baseball teams in indiana
robertstack12345::PURDUECOLTSPACERSREDS?
ruggut4::^^^ best screen name on here
Ultras South::iownamicrowave That wasn't a fact. It was a question, with a sudden realization at the end. You had an epiphany. Congrats. ------------------- So where is the Pacers trophy? When was the Parade?
MaSchiller23::Both of you guys need some rest.. Bedtime...Lights out....zzZZzzzzZZZz.. good night
iownamicrowave::You stated no fact. You asked a question followed by an epiphany.  Your response here makes no sense in correlation to your previous response to my post.
iownamicrowave::Two more facts! You are doing a great job.
Ultras South::Fine you win! But you didn't win a trophy, much like your Pacers!
iownamicrowave::You didn't say implied facts.  You wonderful fact stater you.
Ultras South::Not a New Orleans fan, just spreading facts, as well as implied facts.
Ultras South::IMPLIED! But I digress. 0 titles. Fact! Perhaps one day..........
rob111111113::New Orleans has 0 titles FACT
iownamicrowave::Nothing went over my head.  You stated that you "only post facts".  Yet, you didn't even state a fact.
Ultras South::Pacers have zero NBA titles. FACT! You happy? I mean I implied it with the question, but if it went over your head then that is your problem.
rob111111113::The colts have the pacers trophy
ballinbroken1::Haha when I read the final score, I though this was Colts vs Saints.
jrawlston77::Lol, best super bowl evar.
cp3hornets11::go saints
iownamicrowave::maybe trever ariza hornets or something
Nikoloz3::They probably won't have team much longer, so probably just get rid of the hornets name altogether.
iownamicrowave::you ought to change you name man.
Nikoloz3::Go Chris Paul!
rob111111113::Fu ck the saints
feeldabern::god damn layup w 5 secs left. i hate this $@%!
feeldabern::$@% me.. what a f in tease
raaaj989::your 2012 nba slam dunk champion!
raaaj989::nba is a joke,they knew what they were doing when they made SHUMPERT use LIN or he wouldnt have been in
Nikoloz3::Forsure, they're just a lot more entertaining to me. I like that style of basketball, almost like the Suns, except that they have a legit 5 in Tyson Chandler.
raaaj989::me also,def root for them over miami,easy
Nikoloz3::Yeah, Stern is no dummy. He knows what will bring larger audiences, and Lin will do just that. In fact, Lin has even gotten me watching the Knicks, and I used to be a sworn Knicks hater. (during the Miller days when they were relevant)
rob111111113::Get that Blake griffin dunk ready
raaaj989::i know he facing to countries at least voting against him
raaaj989::you are right
Nikoloz3::Don't get me wrong I like Lin, but I feel like it was a poor choice to add him to that event. Stern was just looking for another way to appeal to his new market.
Nikoloz3::I hope you're right, but I have a feeling Shumpert is going to win because of the Lin factor.
rob111111113::Yeah right fans wont vote for him
jprdbulldog21::hornets easy cover
rob111111113::Pacers just waited to dominate overtime
Taco with a Q::New Orleans gave up 17 in OT....thats DOMINATING
naptown1984::a win is a win and pacers won so drop it stop hating
rob111111113::I said dominate OVERTIME
raaaj989::get another drink,your team got BEAT
jasonk1234567::LOL at winning by 9 in OT "not dominating". Right...
Leroy Bo Jenkins::They didn't really do that either
Leroy Bo Jenkins::I wouldn't call beating the Hornets by 9 dominating
James23743::OMG Pacers were up 11 in OT
tsauenshuo::its a joke.....OT lose 10 pts...
iownamicrowave::Sick Dunk Paul george
naptown1984::hey ultra still wanna talk or you gunna drop it cause u know what u say is stupid and dosent matter!!
jrawlston77::Just sayin, we really did have a very good team, just like the Jazz did. Just not Michael Jordan good... or Scotty Pippen good. I'll reserve my opinions on this current team right now. They're strange, but they are winning.
Ultras South::Very true.
jrawlston77::Probably could have if we didn't have michael jordan in the same division for years (and now Derrick Rose, $@%! me). Then when we finally got there, low and behold look who it is! Kobe, Shaq and the Lakers. Maybe some day...
Ultras South::Finally a rational fan on this board!
agupta136::what team do you root for, and if it is not the pacers or the hornets then what are you doing in this game's conversation
iownamicrowave::That wasn't a fact.  It was a question, with a sudden realization at the end.  You had an epiphany. Congrats.
Ultras South::U mad Bro? I post only facts.
Ultras South::If you are a Pacer fan, why isn't your name iownatitle? Oh wait........
Sethforte1::Hornets did great, good game.
tigerlive::Back to Mardi Gras toons
tigerlive::GG Pacers
rob111111113::Game over
Battlecam::that would be a sick cover
tsauenshuo::WTF...10pts...are you kidding me
Ultras South::LMAO! At home against NO in overtime. LMAO! Win or lose that's just wow.
Sethforte1::Only down by 7! It's still a game!
Bballgsf07::Don't go to OT and lose the +11 please
tigerlive::Oh well we got SB XLIV
Aaron.Rob::Enjoy, because that was the last one for you guys.  Hope you bought the DVD
feeldabern::could i really cover???? what a tease this is
Allen4875::tough way to loose.     GG NOH.
PhilMNAP::This game is over.
zzzzzzzap::let's put this one away
loveduke069::no motherfucing for gordon !!!!
huffdaddymayne::nighty night new orleans. you only delayed the inevitable loss
roy hibbert good kisser::should have hit our techs
NillyboySwag::KAMAN THE CAVE MAN!!!!!
Allen4875::that was a dagger
roy hibbert good kisser::should have hit our techs
DJDB1::Like does Vegas really need NO to win outright too??
