BDFremix::Being a MN Native &amp; MN Sports Fan (Even when they stink.. which is often lol) It is good to see the T Wolves being "competitive" again! Nice Win! Wait 'til  they get healthy (Rubio, AK47, Buddinger, Roy, etc.) they should make some noise this year!
RealTripMcNealy::In other news, Andrew Bynum goes bowling
kwheels22::Wolves are by far the best team ever.
jmslivnik::Rubio Rubio Rubio Rubio!  Cant wait for his return.
blitzball1224::Good game for Josh Howard!
the departed movie theatre scene::1. okc 2. memphis 3. minnesota  watch
BDFremix::If they could jus get 100% healthy they could realisitically flirt with 4 -6 spots for sure.
thewolf1616::Shved...get use to the name.......
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Shwed is legit!
kevmart1969::Ive been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around $3,000 a month profit using this system. You can find this system on Google by searching the words sports betting system.
DeViLzzzwin2013::but wow wth was wrong with the FT shooting by both teams tonight ??????  totally unacceptable ... my gosh holy sh*t
DeViLzzzwin2013::100+ pts on the road and at .500 baby !  woohoo ...  GO WOLVES !
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Good win for Minnesota, especially with Love falling flat on scoring. http://milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::This team is going to be so fun to watch when Rubio comes back.
Alabama Graduate::RTR
pandasunited::miy wolves b rokin peeple wen they don't  go nobodies to play yo. Me say bench Love. Me say bench AK. Me say we win many like datttt
tiptarp::dude take the shite out of your brain.
bnesberg10::you cant $@%!$@% talk, get a ged
Murphy55410::Ya gots shveded
VikingsRavensMN::Wasnt able to watch the game., What was wrong with K love . 6 points?.
mitch845::His shot wasn't dropping and the reserves were getting the job done, so he didn't play much in the second half.
eototalt::Didn't play much in the 4th and He is still a bit sick and he is still trying to find his touch back after breaking his shooting hand.
ih8pikeys::SHVED!!!!
timberwolves guy::Go Wizards!!!!
eototalt::Who wants to bet the Wolves face the Lakers in the playoffs and Adelman gets revenge for his loss to them in the Conference Finals as Coach of the Kings?
BDFremix::@stein.soccer you are absolutely correct on that... Sac Town got robbed that year!
sk0dawgs::i'd take that bet, it's pretty specific.
stein.soccer::Lakers didn't win. Stern did. That was the worst officiating ever in any sport. Adelman will get his revenge when he gets his ring
timberwolves guy::Like this if you think Bieber ruined the Victoria's Secret Show.
Murphy55410::Like this if you think watching anything with Justin Beiber makes you lame....
MAHOGMA66::That little girl ruins anything she touches.
stein.soccer::LAL sucks in the 4th just saying
Blake52908::oh no the english teacher is here
dlhouse18::They suck in general
arenal11::*their
stein.soccer::75 pts in there last 2 4th quarters...
stein.soccer::clutch Kobe does it again...
slo1111::Missed the game.  Would have loved to see this spanking.  I was wrong and predicted our first 100 plus game at tomorrow's Celtics.  Shved is going to throw up some three's there too.  I hope this is a signal that our boys are back and on the upswing!
jank6708::Guess who the 8th seed is right know...........................yup our Wolves
whosyourdiddy51::When this team is finally healthy and gels, they will be much better than an 8th seed.
NoleEngineer::Watching the Victoria Secret "fashion" show.
timberwolves guy::Me too! Bieber ruined it.
dlhouse18::Me too
Percy Starvin 12::D-Will can play this game.  He will go to another team and flourish.
arenal11::LOL, nice.  DWill isn't going anywhere.  Kahn won't trade his #2 overall pick and another team isn't going to offer a deal to force him to do so.
sk0dawgs::DWill for Babbit
sk0dawgs::http://games.espn.go.com/frontpage/forums#!/topic/1353706900-990-844
sk0dawgs::too close to call, last i checked lillard was up a few votes somewhere in the 50's
stein.soccer::How did that Rubio v lillard poll go?
Uhggly::How dare you call Derrick Williams a draft bust.. he's average almost 10 points per game this season
pandasunited::We're all brothers of Minnesota here homies. No need to get vicious.   One Love..... Pun intended
brianhanson23::Dwill tries to be too 'smooth', needs to get more physical.  Anyone else notice even how he runs differently?
eototalt::It would also be nice if he didn't suck so much from the Free Throw line. I swear he shoots better from 3 than he does from the line.
arenal11::first off i'm not liking my comments dbag.  2nd, he shot FT's well in Vegas.  Again, wait until mid-season before judging %'s.  everyone has an a few off-games.  relax dude.
eototalt::I have faith Love will get better. He was injured. I have no faith that Williams will. Also stop liking your comments.
arenal11::dude relax, judge the %'s at least mid-way through the season.  Love's FT % is horrible now as well as his FG and 3pt %.  think that won't change by January?
eototalt::It's usually an ugly 10 points. He makes a ton of dumb mistakes.
htabbach::Arenal: Don't argue with him, he and a couple frequent people on this forum has big hate for Williams, does not matter how good or bad he plays, they still $@%!$ about him.
arenal11::an ugly 10pts is still 10pts.  he's starting to figure it out.  he's already learned that his PT is tied to his rebounding and defense.  He's starting to get better at his shot selection and movement.  Having practices during the season this time will be huge for him.  He'll learn.  Wolves have an excellent coaching staff.
TeenWolf Minnie::he stares at the ball a whole lot.
johnnny_drama34::Nick Young DNP- LEFT GREAT TOE HYPEREXTENSION WTF!!
potato623::Can't Swag without a left toe
potato623::Man do I hate that Kobe guy, but he is a monster on the court.
eototalt::He injured Rubio, we hate him too :P
potato623::Meant he laughed at the idea of playing in Philly, his hometown...came out wrong haha
potato623::Least he didn't laughh at the idea of playing in his hometown! F### that guy
potato623::New Orleans Pelicans huh...couldn't go with Fury or Rage or something?
TeenWolf Minnie::New Orleans Sterns?
sk0dawgs::New Orleans Flood.... hurricanes...? looters....?
DupeyJN::New Orleans Hurricanes!  Too soon?
potato623::Too soon? More like too late
eototalt::Geaux Canes!!!
eototalt::That is such a horrible name lol
sk0dawgs::Utah Abstainers  New Orleans PleaseComeToOurGames
TeenWolf Minnie::My vote goes to Utah Mormons.   New Orleans Fried-Chickens
eototalt::potato623 - They should of asked for the Jazz back, UTAH can be the Mormons or some s###  the Utah Stormin Mormons lol
potato623::They should of asked for the Jazz back, UTAH can be the Mormons or some s###
dlhouse18::ROFL Wizards beat the Heat!!! OMFG that's hilarious AF!
SvrPls::Lost to the wizards? Talk about a "disservice" to the league...
sk0dawgs::now everyone can lay off the blazers for godsake
eototalt::lol
dlhouse18::Thought it was their first win, but had to dbl check. It's #2
potato623::That game sucked, being there live sucked, being there courtside really sucked. Least I got to chill wit Monti G!
eototalt::I thought it was an awesome game! ;)
potato623::Yeah, seeing Kwame Brown make a FT was a moment I'll never forget. You uys gotta great team, hope Rubio gets well and Roy too
sk0dawgs::AK47 really dropped off production on my fantasy team, what's the deal??? back spasms?? picked up rubio a week ago before anyone else thought to though.
sk0dawgs::fair enough
eototalt::He's been out a few games with spasms. They are being cautious with him so it doesn't linger throughout the season.
sk0dawgs::kevin love has an off day and the wolves win. hmmmmmmmmmm
pandasunited::Kind of forced to be a stat stuffer for the beginning of this season because of the lack of offensive power. Love can't succeed if he's running the show solo. All will be good once Rubio returns.
arenal11::Ah duh, anyone who puts up double-double continuously is definitely stuffing the stats.  However, he's still looking for his shot which will come back.  5wks with a broken hand will mess w/anyone's shot.
DupeyJN::I think what sk0dawgs was getting at is that Love is a stat stuffer and he doesn't play well with others.  I think if Love starts focusing on D, his shot, passing, and continuing to box out he could be the best power forward for any team, and not just the Wolves.
arenal11::he will, you have to remember that entire time he was out he wasn't shooting.  only natural to lose your touch when you haven't shot in over a month.
eototalt::That broken hand seems to have affected his shot. Hopefully he can find it again sometime this month.
thewolf1616::ricky RUBIO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TeenWolf Minnie::Backyard wrestling!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pandasunited::lollzzz... most bogus adidas commercial ever
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Rubio predictions?  I'm thinking when were done with this east coast trip
arenal11::at best for the Denver game.  No way the wolves are going to rush him out there.  He's not playing against Boston or Cleveland.  After Cleveland we have a nice stretch of off-days allowing for more practices to see where he is at w/the knee and conditioning wise.  Plus my guess is he gets capped at 10-15mpg max for the first few weeks, then goes up 5min for another few weeks and isn't set loose until January.  thats the way i'd do it.  I'd rather have him all the way back come mid-january than rush it and have a swelling/pain set in.
eototalt::He will be back for the Nuggets game.
TeenWolf Minnie::Minutes for a couples of games around christmas and full time starter after All Star break.
Minnysota Vikings::agreed
Iceman21990::Shved #1 Stunna
bmulli5097::Doin a persuasion essay for how the t wolves are the best team in the league. Anyone got any convincing stats?
sk0dawgs::staple a hundred dollar bill in between the pages, just about all the persuasion you can do
arenal11::i'd start at their league offense and defense stats.  top 5 in both i believe, and then add in the fact 3 starters are currently out, and 2 of the teams best players were not available for the first 2wks of the season.
Jared34456941::your gonna need a lot of stats to say they are better than the Spurs or Heat
arenal11::Thats easy, wolves get rest for their players by blowing out their opponents on the front end of a back-back.
bmulli5097::yeah its not really supposed to be serious. Im prolly gonna throw a lot of personal bias in there
stein.soccer::AK is one of the top defensive players
Jared34456941::i really hope Bynum comes back. with Jrue playing this well that could be a deadly combination with shooters like Richardson and Wright and a good rebounder in Turner
arenal11::Wright a shooter? ah ok, sure, whatever.
arenal11::and a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then.
Jared34456941::he led the league in 3 pointers in 2010-2011
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Tubby Smith has an awesome mustache
stein.soccer::to make room for Rubio, Wolves should trade D-Will and Luke for someone
pandasunited::Trade D-Will and JJ to Comcast Sports for Brian Scalabrine.   THE WHITE MAMBA WILL RISE AGAIN!
arenal11::ah hell no.  Williams has played well the past few games and Luke is a very solid back-up PG.  Especially w/JJ's injury history and needing a week to recover from anything.  My guess is Lee goes to D-League although he is making that a harder decision as of late.
arenal11::not at 13M this year and next.  we have to give Pek a new contract before next season and won't be able to give a solid offer w/Gasol making that much.  Let the LAL fall apart this season and you'll get him for nothing over the summer, or possibly for a decent deal at the deadline.
TeenWolf Minnie::Gasol is a PF who can play C just fine. He won 2 rings doing that
arenal11::As long as Love is here he's not going to be a PF, he'll never get any PT.  Williams and JJ for Gasol doesn't work $ wise and the wolves are to close to the cap to take the cap hit.  Gasol is due 13M this year AND next.  Plus Gasol is a 4, where do you put Love? Plus with Luke's back giving him problems and Rubio just coming back from surgery, last thing you want to do is trade on of your PG's.  stupid move all around.
TeenWolf Minnie::I think he would make a good gun and run PF. Laker should take a look at him and send us Gasol for him JJ and the spirit of Wes Johnson
arenal11::he's showing signs of getting it these past two games.  having actual practices during the season this time will be huge for him.  He's playing better defense, rebounding alot better, and he's getting better at his shot selection.  The latter still needs to improve as does his feel for the game, as well as his recognition when he has a mis-match.  Against the Bucks there were several times he had a smaller guy and wouldn't post him up.  That will come in time.  His role this year will be to hustle, rebound, play defense and knock down the open looks.  I also think he'll be a lot better once Rubio is back w/his speed and athleticism.
TeenWolf Minnie::Williams might score in burst but he does NOT know how to play the game.....YET
NoleEngineer::Toney Douglas? :-)  He is a former Nole
DupeyJN::As long as we don't send a first rounder too.
NoleEngineer::And Sam Cassell
sotapopinski::charlie ward
sotapopinski::LBJ?
TeenWolf Minnie::I stand corrected :)
DupeyJN::Lyndon Baines Johnson*
TeenWolf Minnie::Lindon B Johnson?
Minnysota Vikings::I think we've found Derrick Williams' niche. He's a very good 3 point shooter.
pandasunited::lololololol.... oh wait you were serious?
ih8pikeys::He is?
gettjett92::T-wolves: 2013 Cream Team!
TeenWolf Minnie::Crema... we have a spaniard running the team...
eototalt::Creme... we're European.
quackleduck::Why did he say they would get rid of Howard when Rubio comes back?  What about Lou?  He much less useful since Howard is our only real backup 3 with Bud injured.
okamixt::They have fifteen on the roster including Rubio, they don't need to cut anyone.  Ricky Rubio Luke Ridnour JJ Barea Malcolm Lee Alexey Shved Brandon Roy Andrei Kirilenko Josh Howard Chase Budinger Kevin Love Derrick Williams Dante Cunningham Louis Amundson Nikola Pekovic Greg Stiemsma
87saints::You made that into a very ironic statement, quackleduck
quackleduck::was Kevin Lynch... he prolly just dumb
TeenWolf Minnie::Howard came for Roy and Budinger not Rubio
quackleduck::dude on Wolves postgame
eototalt::We don't need to get rid of anyone. We can have 15 on a roster.
arenal11::we already have 15 on the roster, simply look at the box score then add in Bud, Roy, Rubio.  I'm hoping we can put Bud on some injury list allowing us to add a player.  Once Roy gets back, it'll only be a few weeks until we know if the surgery worked or not.  If not, he's cut, and done.  period.
eototalt::Who said that?
NoleEngineer::Great news:   The Knicks are once again #1 in the east :-D
eototalt::Great now ESPN can go back to giving them a big sloppy B J
NoleEngineer::They have to keep someone satisfied now that Tebow and Lin are no longer relevant
mnsportswopwopwahhh::MBAKWEEEEE
stein.soccer::better win Wizards or Wolves?
NoleEngineer::I'll take the Wizards since their win brings me more satisfaction
wrex8::wizards ofc, not to take anything from wolves
TeenWolf Minnie::wizards.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::finals preview?
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Go Wiz!
TeenWolf Minnie::Suggestions for the Pelicans logo?  I go for a pelican with the mouth wide open swallowing Kobe (head's in) while LBJ head is deep on Kobe's a.rse
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Is it more than just back spasms....?
arenal11::no he said he has had them before and it takes him a full week to get over them, so he should be back soon, and hopefully not playing 40mpg since Howard seems to have found his touch and legs.
TeenWolf Minnie::Well AK had a record of missing lots of games in the Jazz
Psahni::Doubt it. Timberwolves have never been one to cover up injuries and AK has never faked them.
