The Bishop NYR::LMAO how in the world has Mchale already gotten a bad reputation for what his management has created? UNBELIEVABLE. I seriously think most of you "Rockets fans" would be happier to see the rockets lose every game with Lin scoring 25 pts, 9 assists, then you would if the rockets won the championship with lin playing off the bench scoring 4 pts a game. That how rdiculous you Lin fans are...
BestBagelEver::Kevin McHale, undisclosed family emergency.  Must be one of his kids picked up for a substance abuse crime.
grungewasfun::WE'RE NOT RACIST!!!!!! - SAS + JEMELE HILL MAKING OUT IN THE BACK SEAT OF A CAR....
grungewasfun::I AM 1000% PERCENT AGREE.....THE MORE jLIN HAVE THE BALL....THE MORE EVERYONE WILL HAVE OPEN LOOK AND EASY BASKETS......TURNOVER ONLY IMPORTANT WHEN IT'S THE LAST 5 MINUTES OF THE BALL GAME NOT THE FIRST 43 MINUTES......PG SHOULD BE MEASURE ACCURATELY BY TH EPUS/MINUS RATIO.....  jLIN TURNOVER 6 TIMES...BUT THE WHOLE ROCKET TEAMS SCORE 100 PLUS POINTS....HELL YEAH....I WOULD TRADE IN A HEART-BEAT...
karelp::Harden's turnovers are out of control; 5 per game is unacceptable.  He tries to do too much on the court.  He is clearly not good enough to be a true first option, but I guess he's the best the Rockets have.  Regardless, though Lin isn't the greatest PG, he does have a better handle than Harde, so Harden does need to let him handle the ball more.
NoonGame::jlin only has about what 28 starts that is = to a rookie but he has potential to be great. He can ball...
CaptainObvious20122012::thats the way he plays - out of control. he has been that way since he came into the league. It's the reason why he came off the bench in OKC - that kind of energy is useful on the 2nd unit.
karelp::You're preaching to the choir.  I have been predicting all along that things will be much tougher when he is the #1 option and has to go up against the opposing teams' best defenders instead of playing most of his time against the second string.
SBaller74::WHAAAAATTT??? Jrue Holiday, Isaiah Thomas, D. Rose, Kyrie Irving, Brandon Jennings, Kyle Lowery, Raymond Felton, John Wall, Darren Collison, Ty Lawson, Andre Miller, Ricky Rubio, Damien Lillard, Stephen Curry are all slightly better than JLin????????? Either you guys in Houston are watching basketball in a bubble or Colorado and Washington are not the only states that legalized weed smh.... Lin is a good player but a backup at the least Period...
karelp::Read my posts more carefully, so you realize you are off base in accusing me.
grungewasfun::i can say alot who isn't GREAT  PG GUARDS IN THE NBA.... - the whole knicks pgs - VASQUEZ....talk about shooting bricks - rondo another shooting brick + chitty free throws.... - westbrook another volume shooter with chitty fg% PERCEPTION  is what you wanna believe....
karelp::Westbrook has his faults, but he is one of the 10 best players in the NBA.  Sure KD is great, but without Westbrook they are a marginal playoff team, and not a team the goes to the Finals.
grungewasfun::in defense wb got kd.....WITHOUT KD..HE'S JUST ANOTHER VOLUME SHOOTER...btw wb turnover like crazy...the difference is okc win games, not the rockets.... look at felton...seriiously???.....
karelp::No argument that there aren't many great PGs, but CP3, Rondo, D-Wil, Nash, Dragic, Parker, Westbrook, Irving (&amp; DRose when healthy) are clearly better, and a few others are slightly better.  BTW, Westbrook shot 46% last year and 44% the year before, that is not lousy...Lin shot 44.6% last year (so far this year he stinks from the field just like Westbroo...both will obviously improve).
SigmundNBA::Felton &gt; Lin
grungewasfun::FAT FELTON EAT MORE &gt; jLIN
NguyenDragon::If it helps you sleep at night...
NoonGame::Jlin has 9 points not 7. almost another double double not bad with no TO.
SBaller74::JLin has 9 points not 7 lmao?????? I guess the guys at the game and espn got it wrong lol!!.... As if 9 points vs 7 is a big difference for a guy who is a solid backup PG? I can see you point if he had 25 points and the box score says he had 15 points, you guys are funny with this JLin stuff. Larry Brown said it best the kid is a good backup at the least... I do feel he has talent though...
jason_bautista::And the more I read about your comments, the more I saw through your facade.  JLIN handles the ball well and leads the team better than anyone else in the Rockets team now.  And Larry Brown isn't a good judge of a player.  He tends to bench rookies.
grungewasfun::I RATHER SEE jLIN TURONVERS 6-7 TIMES...but the teams get open looks and easy baskets any day of the week....... people apparently so obsessed with turnovers to the point of RIDICULOUS  chittyness....
karelp::Box score says 7 points.
NoonGame::I know. I watched the game. you can also click on play by play on this sreen he has 9 points total. nba score keeper miss his final lay up in 4th  quarter. they screw up.
Ram Hammer::I THINK IS ABOUT TIME MY PISTONS START LOOKING FOR ANOTHER COACH... LAWRENCE FRANK IS NOT IT,
ThirtySecondTO::Frank is a good coach.  He needs some leadership in the form of accompliushed vets in the lockeroom.  The Pistons have some good young players.  Give them a chance to show improvement.
t casey::Please explain to me how or why Frank is a good coach? He took the same NJ team Byron Scott coached to two straight Finals appearances and progressively coached them into the gutter, starting 0-16 before he was finally fired.  Just because he sounds good and stern in interviews doesn't mean he's a good head coach. Dude's a bum and anybody that's even semi-followed his career to this point should have seen this kind of poor play coming. This is just what his teams do.
thelendr1::It was obvious the Pistons would get off to a terrible start - almost every team in the league would if you basically start the season with a 6 game west coast trip.  Now that they finally get another home game - it is against Oklahoma City.  Make it 0-8.  They are a .500 type team.  Just the victim of a terrible schedule.
rEdBuLxTaSy::OMG HARDEN HAD 5 TO'S, DOUGLAS HAD 4 TO'S, AND LIN HAS ZERO TO'S?  THAT'S LINPOSSIBLE!  :)
trademarktaz::Shabazz Sweepstakes
TitanGM::Sh*t man, Harden should improve those turnovers..
baller1016::He came from the turnover prone Thunder, who were actually capable of staying in the game despite 20 or so turnovers a game. Houston doesn't have that ability
rollinoverthetide1968::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching the term Sports Betting System
The3rdComing.....::.......
cityhunter4::I really hope JLin and the Rockets worked out something that gives Lin more shots.  Lin took 7 shots last game and 7 shots this game.  This is not why the Rockets signed him to that big contract.  He is signed to be a mini-Magic type player.  Someone who can run the floor, setup teammates, and then score himself from time to time, and at the end of the day you can count on 15-18 points, 7-12 assists from him.  I think all the talk about turnovers is getting into Lin's head.  There are plenty of NBA PGs that doesn't turnover, but doesn't score either, and they are usually called the 10th man on the bench.  Aggressive offensive players are expected to turn the ball over, it's part of the game.  As many have said, you can turnover 5-6 times for all I care if you score 20-10.  Lin needs to work on his scoring, his mid-range jumper, his three-point shots, not work on his "turnover problem."  Or else, I won't be surprise if by mid-season he's just part of a "platoon" at PG.
ThirtySecondTO::Granted they (The Rockets) beat 3 weak teams (Atlanta, Detroit 2X) Houston is a team with its base of players at the average age of what 23 yrs of age?  Lin played 25+ minutes last night and threw 8 assists with zero TO's.  The Rockets won the game.  This team plays a great style and guys are basically auditioning as to what roles if any they will have with this team.  So far so good!
cityhunter4::Seriously, even as a Lin fan if I'm an NBA coach, and JLin keeps giving me this BS of 7 shots, 8 points, 8 assists, I'm not going to start him, or at the very least I'm looking to complement him with another player that shows aggressiveness.
marcmo06::yeh i agree with you he has to be more aggressive, its still early though but if hes doin this 2 years from now...he wnt be starting much longer...if he averages 18 and 8 ast and 5 rebounds thats pretty good numbers.. he has to work on things..... this is not why there paying him this
dannylko1.3::Pistons are the cure for any struggling team, gives LA first win, provides Rockets with 2 of 3 wins.
Im at work::Lin should get some MVP consideration
simpsonpower::$@%!$@% nigers
simpsonpower::these $@%!$@ suck
walle D_ D::Guys calm down with the pistons bashing, they are having a bad start, if I remeber correctly the rockets started off 0-8 last season and were still a bubble team in the west, Detroit could make a come back.  Sincerly, Walle
t casey::I'll be fine with that so long as we keep with Houston's model and fire/let our head coach go at the end of the season.
Tjakes12::hey, the pistons have as many wins as the wings!
Tjakes12::parallel universe pistons are off to the best start ever.
13Datty40Zetty::and I heard that the pistons were maybe a bubble team this year
CandySparker::LeBron James Harden
FHQU333::TELL ME NOT THIS GUY LOOKS LIKE JAMES HARDEN LOL http://tinyurl.com/7xhehul
HxOxUxSxTxOxN::Dude,I could have had a sezier. I should sue.
corn12365 1::Brb need some new pants
veeektor::how come he switches to black and white
MichaelKL017::The pistons should trade for Amare Stoudamire.
madelefant01::I'd say it is already time for Stuckey to go. He is awful. Go with anyone with some potential.
gsquared112::Can Frank out-do himself on losing streaks? Worst NBA coach of all time?
TigerFan4LifeMP::Pistons need to deal Tay for a back-up C and maybe a pick so Drummond can start and we can move Monroe to PF and have Maxiell back him up, then Jonas to SF and have Singler back him up.  Apparently they will have a good pick in the upcoming draft, so add another young SG or SF to the young core they have already and I see a bright future for them.  First things first, fire Frank...
BXwarriorBX::stop lin  from driving he cant shoot
Sterling8673::I can't wait unbtil the Pistons draft 7-5 point guard WEE WEE PEE and 5-9 power forward FU FU DOO DOO.  Both that combo will freak some teams out.
Sterling8673::I wish Tom Gores would say enough of this BS and give Joe Dumars his walking papers and put Franks and his staff on notice.  Dumars is still getting  apast for what he did 10 years ago.  The Pistons blew about three NBA titles in 2005, 2006 and 2007.  They have had losing records in 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 and are on their way in 2013.  They have been a lottery team in 2010, 2011, 2012 and headed that way in 2013.  Time for change!
txbornsooner::I didn't see the game I have been watching college football all day. How did the Rockets look?
CharlesL.1985::What's going on with Harden's TO's?  He's never been turnover prone in the past  Glad that Lin is limiting his TO's though, hoping this continues
txbornsooner::Lol he said he was 80-85% in the playoffs how is he not healed?
grungewasfun::when Jlin was with the knicks.....did any guys complain about jLIN NOT PLAYING IN THE PLAYOFF.....HUH.....
asian-balla::wel lin had limited playing time tonight, so woulda been hard to put up big #'s..... plus, he's still "healing" from last year's injury.
MichaelKL017::I rather have Lin avg 5 tos and getting 28 points and 9 assist than him having 0 tos and getting 7 pts and 8 assist.
grungewasfun::I AM 1000% PERCENT AGREE.....THE MORE jLIN HAVE THE BALL....THE MORE EVERYONE WILL HAVE OPEN LOOK AND EASY BASKETS......TURNOVER ONLY IMPORTANT WHEN IT'S THE LAST 5 MINUTES OF THE BALL GAME NOT THE FIRST 43 MINUTES......PG SHOULD BE MEASURE ACCURATELY BY TH EPUS/MINUS RATIO..... jLIN TURNOVER 6 TIMES...BUT THE WHOLE ROCKET TEAMS SCORE 100 PLUS POINTS....HELL YEAH....I WOULD TRADE IN A HEART-BEAT...
vermincaine::Jeremy Lin getting $28 Millions from Houston, is the biggest robbery ever!!!
grungewasfun::relax dude....you drink too much haterade..... if you think Jlin 28 mil is highway robbery......how is it iso melo GETTING paid... OVER 200 mil and still can't get out of the first round???..... how about amare...100 mill with grandpa knees.....  here's a thought relax and chill out.....freedom does not allow you to be r e t a r d.....
roiQuiao::Dumb...
Miami-Star1::Pistons are the worst team in the NBA
garnolfini::Pistons may not win 10 games this season.
grungewasfun::theyr not that bad....long trip tend to do that...it's a growing pain..just like the rockets...relax and chill out till the next episode...
Philip3664::They could get a few against the East. All 7 games so far have been against West teams
vermincaine::Jeremy Lin is garbage...
grungewasfun::HEY VERMINE....seriously....your borderline hatred toward Jlin...is phsycotic......it's scary...
bwc2000::you're happy. lol
bbears88::shouldn't you be spamming the boards with smileys instead?
bwc2000::that's right.. but Jeremy Lin is not.
vermincaine::Fixed, happy?
bbears88::"We're the Miami Heat, and he is Jeremy Lin"  Bulletin board material this week for added motivation.
vermincaine::Didn't they prove last year, that Lin didn't belong???
grungewasfun::AND?....Jlin din't belong....BUT HE SURE IS WEALTHY!!!!!.... AND YOU?.....STILL COLLECTING EBT AND LIVING WITH MOM AND DAD GARAGE?
bbears88::who? Bai Ling or Lisa Ling?
bamberg1977::Pistons will beat the 6'ers or Magic at home. 1-9 isnt that far away!!!!
buffalo-butt-breath::CLIPPERS &gt;HOUSTON  SOCKETS
bamberg1977::Why does NBAdraft.Net have us drafting Zeller? I guarantee you the Pistons trade the pick if he's the only true number 1. I like him but he's got two guys ahead of him who are every bit as good. We'd take Shabazz.
__Captain_Awesome__::Pistons, you are  a f-cking embarrassment.
buffalo-butt-breath::i just felt like turning the ball over like west brick 2day    -JAMES HARDEN
NYSportsFan360::NY owns Dallas  They beat em in Football couple weeks ago and just beat them in basketball.
Hank10593::I am convinced that Knicks fans who come here to bash Lin every night were the ones who cheered loudest for Lin during Linsanity. They were suc.king JLin's dick last year for saving their team, so they can't take the fact that now Lin is gone. Lin won games for you guys with or without all of his turnovers, so shut the f.uck up and be appreciative to your Emperor last year.
bwc2000::And if he did play to cause more harm, people will start saying he is stupid including the infamous SAS...blah.. people will always say something so it was pure intelligence that Lin didn't play and got $25M richer. Now, no one says oh he is smart because he didn't play to risk his contract.
dallascowboy83::Except for when he missed the end of the season and sat out the playoffs because he didnt want to get embarrassed by the heat 4 more times and hurt his trade value. Fortunately he found an owner who doesnt care about winning and just wants to sell jerseys in China.
grungewasfun::PLEASE...SAS WILL SUX COK JUST TO GET PAID...that guy is nothing more than trash talk chitt.....
grungewasfun::judging by the your nickname...I'm sure the rockets WILL win a championship before you lame a z z cowboys......SO WHO'S MORE EMBARRASSED?
bbears88::He's $25M richer because of his decision. I'm sure you would be stupid enough not to do the same.
Hank10593::He got a surgery you idiot. How do you expect a patient who just got a surgery to play in the playoffs? Melo missed 2 weeks for some random injury before Linsanity and Knicks were in huge trouble. Nobody said anything about Melo not playing? SAS is such racist paid by Dolan to make Lin look bad in the public.
Chargers_4_Sale::I had it good when the best defender were guarding Durant and Westbrook.  -Harden
grungewasfun::durant ...yes i agree.....BUT WB please.....get real....stop promoting wb.....
txbornsooner::He was late in games.
Hankash::He typically wasn't on the floor with Durant and Westbrook...
Hankash::The Detroit Lions went 0-16.  Can this Pistons team one-up them and go 0-82?
buffalo-butt-breath::i  just  felt  like  turning  the  ball  over  like  west brick  2day   -JAMES HARDEN
bamberg1977::What does Tony Romo make to lose in that 1 billion dollar stadium? Ha
dallascowboy83::1.2 billion
