Beanslams46::Bulls might be back on track with Deng back in the lineup.
jeff050578::vote david lee to the all star team
addedv1::Not really trolling,but since the Hawks don't ever get any articles, as a fan I just need a place to post, Maybe if we somehow were to pass the Champs and the almighty Knicks, we would get a little attention. Then again maybe not. And even though Lou Williams (one of our players, in case you didn't know) said last night that the Hawks prefer "flying under the radar", it would be nice to get a little coverage or at least as much as Arsenal or Manchester United or Real Madrid. However, it is somewhat funny to hear the NBA commentators on ESPN when they try to talk about the Hawks. About once a week one will come out with this observation, "Let's not forget about the Hawks, Coach errr---uhhh Larry Drew really has them playing some good ball." Oh well sorry for my vent, but I do feel better now
Theironrod2012::Bulls coach is so bad. Bellinelli  is clearing better then Rip and Korver and would be great for when rose come back but knowing this coach is known for making horrible decisions like lebron. He probably would never start Bellinelli  with Rose.
GarbageUspeak::yeah he is pretty bad coaching a team to NBA championship  and keeping a sub par team without a superstar on it in playoff contention....yup He's Turrrible
waterdrinker969::The Bulls get in the penalty early in the 4th and the Wizards only managed to score 10 points (I think) after that. The game is close, instead of taking jumpers and bricking them, how about driving the lane some and getting to the line?!
sedin_sisters_have_fake_beards::They don't know how to read a map.
chi-rose1::I keep forgetting we even have rip hamilton .. I watch every game
adavisrc09::Bucks should play to be the 8th seed just to knock the Heat off in the 1st Round.
Marvo6564::derrick rose sucks
Loreley89::marvo6564 is a wizards fan Lol
Sportaddition1314::slang for mentally challenged
Sportaddition1314::Hmmm....can you say $@%!$@%!? Try it...it's only 3 syllables.
playrugby25::Decided to go see Django rather than watch this game. Glad I chose correctly. Still waiting for a NBA team in Washington to be interested in.
superman253540::Boozer had a steal and an open break!!!!!!!  WTF!!!!!!!!
jcutler92.::Chicken soup game
Mini-Ditkas::Man, I like watching Jimmy Butler play.  He's like the anti-Boozer.    Running, playing D, has a smooth stroke. - yep, he's the anti-Boozer.
Loreley89::Jimmy buckets needs more minutes I agree but at the same time the Bulls need Deng on the floor
adavisrc09::Boozer has a smooth stroke. He soft as hell.
Kobe Beast Bryant::me
Miami-cHeat::Boozer had a block? Holy Moly!
ScalabrineSwag::Later bros...See everybody on MON.
Derrick Roses Skittles::have a good one
dante9876::I feel bad for Butler. He has earned his time.
InCubaWith2Pac14::How has he earned any more time than what hes getting, I say he's getting the right amount of time he deserves.
ScalabrineSwag::he gets to play...why do you feel bad for him.
ScalabrineSwag::im just not looking forward to dealing with the heat fans on these boards.   i think we win the game.
Cornelius-Mai::omg time for me to bring back the CRICKETS....
Derrick Roses Skittles::Some of them are pretty nice. They'll of course be overshadowed by the trolls  I hope we win
Derrick Roses Skittles::Yeah.
ScalabrineSwag::heat sage and brandonlee...that is it.
ScalabrineSwag::Mil: 104 Mia: 85 FINAL ROFL
badger67778::20 Heat turnovers, that's the problem, hopefully the bulls can get out and run when they play them
Bulls greater than all teams::I just hope the Bulls can get that win over the Heat on Friday.
Cornelius-Mai::yeah miami playing terrible lately since allen been out..and lebron james playing PF has been abit over hyped
ScalabrineSwag::im not complaining.
Cornelius-Mai::ScalabrineSwag - that doesnt make sense to me bc with allen out their d is better bc allen is so old and cant play d.   just me though maybe  yeah true but hey since he went down they look kinda off lol dont know why
ScalabrineSwag::that doesnt make sense to me bc with allen out their d is better bc allen is so old and cant play d.   just me though maybe
ThatChixGotAnArm_kbh::Every win, is a good win...but WSH sucks! CHI coulda/shoulda scored 100 points. &lt;3 Bulls
Cornelius-Mai::I just wanna make this case i know it may seem a bit much but...  look if you know "NOTHING" about a player lets say for instance "tyreke evans" like for instance calling him "immature" yet you watch none of his games? dont follow his career ..why even make such stupid claims its like the claim that derrick rose "Needs the ball" .. He only "needs the ball" due to lack of shot creators. derrick is humble enough to pass the ball and explode in crunch time.   there is alot of bulls fans here or nba fans in general who are are only 20 minute fans ... there are some like me who watch multiple teams (i have international league pass cause i live in japan so i get every game)  i have followed many players ....if you gonna comment on THE NBA ina whole atleast be real about what you bring ..i know alot of other ignorant fans may "like" your comment but ...it does not make you an NBA EXPERT nor does me watching everyteam make me one but atleast ...i know good info on other players
Kit Ramsey::Tyreke sucks!
Cornelius-Mai::WHAT YOUR BASIS?
ScalabrineSwag::i feel like i know a ton about the bulls players since ive watched every single game this year. But i only watch the the other players when they play the bulls.
Cornelius-Mai::ScalabrineSwag - what team do you like?  im a  Bulls fan im from chicago but i live in japan right now ....but because of this league pass allowing me to watch any game at any time over the last 5 years i have watched other teams as if im scouting lol   it just pains me some bulls fans say things about other players...knowing they know nothing of that player
ScalabrineSwag::what team do you like?
Cornelius-Mai::exactly .....thats good stuff and makes sense seeing thats how most bulls fans are ....but some people on here make the dumbest suggestions about other players ..sometimes it bothers me like WTF are you people watching?
Constantinius III::Wizards are by far the worst team in the league IMO, even though the Bobcats can look really sorry at times.   I mean I look at the roster and can't think of a single impact player I'd trade for when building a team.   Yeah, not even Jordan Crawford.
ScalabrineSwag::Bucks are beating the Heat by 20. ROFL
badger67778::The Bucks have 22 more shot attempts. Heat have 20 turnovers.
Erica6592::I have no clue man lol
Erica6592::Yes
ScalabrineSwag::geez...that isnt an excuse then...what the heck is wrong with them.
Erica6592::SMH!
ScalabrineSwag::is wade playing in this game?
TheWizardGlass::What did I say, 90-78?  Scary
ScalabrineSwag::not that close bro
ScalabrineSwag::It is also good that Nazr played. Despite his relative meager playing skills, it is good that we have a 4 man big man rotation instead of a 3,
flclfanman::If Nazr played like that every night (8 boards in 13 mins) I'd feel much better about Noah's durability.  We just need a big to spell Jo for 10-12 mins, grab a few board and pop off 2-3 hard fouls if necessary.
ScalabrineSwag::we need to make a point of getting some big man depth at the trade deadline or at the end of the season at the latest.
Derrick Roses Skittles::Yeah I'm glad thibs gave him some minutes
Derrick Roses Skittles::Yeah, he looks outta shape. :/
ScalabrineSwag::he isnt too good though...hopefully more mins. will improve his play. he needs to get in better shape too...has a tough time running the court.
Erica6592::How many points did Rip score tonight?
flclfanman::9 points in 15 mins
Derrick Roses Skittles::9 points. also had one assist
Chris75448::With the first pick in the 2013 nba draft the Washington Wizards select?
Kit Ramsey::No one, they trade that pick for multiple picks.
flclfanman::Good defense to close out the game. I had to wipe my eyes when I saw Jimmy out there in crunch time. Bout time Thibs start trusting him in those scenarios
badger67778::He's hitting his shots now to go along with the great defense. I like it.
ScalabrineSwag::that will be in good in the long term....deng cant keep on playing these ridiculous minutes and expect to stay healthy.
Derrick Roses Skittles::I wish that Butler basket at the end would have counted. Reggie Miller-esque.
ScalabrineSwag::I think that Teague should start with the second unit instead of robinson.
Erica6592::Nate that is.
Erica6592::I think that may happen because the Bulls may waive him on Jan. 10th
flclfanman::Teague's looked a little shaky the last few games i've seen him in, tho this might be from  lack of overall experience.   Too be fair, Nate's feast or famine with his shots. Also his solo fast breaks and pull up threes are also nail biters soo yeah.
ScalabrineSwag::if he would play under control he would be a much more valuable asset to our team
GeorgeTownDC29::Might be good that we lost considering we might catch the Bobcats at the rate they are going
ScalabrineSwag::A blowout would have made me feel better about the bulls.
Kit Ramsey::Would u rather have them lose?
Derrick Roses Skittles::Wow, Bellinelli still delivering after now going back to the 2nd unit. He needs to start and Rip needs to come off the bench.
badger67778::As long as Marco gets more playing time I don't really care who starts.
badger67778::Yeah he drives to the basket, something Korver didn't do.
For the kick-out::And Marco can dunk!
ScalabrineSwag::he is definitely better than korver
ScalabrineSwag::as long as he continues playing well, i see no problem with keeping him with the second unit. He is a good offensive spark that the second team desperately needs.
Derrick Roses Skittles::True true.
Cornelius-Mai::rip hamilton,teague, bobcats first round ,,,next years 2nd rounder ..for tyreke evans ......dude was beasting before he got hurt and playing great defense ... Rose and Evans would be a terrorist combination for any team
Cornelius-Mai::its amazing bulls fans want another shot creator and allstar or allstar caliber player but tell me stupid stuff like they both need the ball ...LMAO a shot creator NEEDS THE BALL TO CREATE SHOTS! .....its reason why they call them second options lol what do some of these bulls fans want   if i say lets get dwayne wade you telling me ....he is not gonna need the ball too? but you would want him right?
Cornelius-Mai::Kit Ramsey - U are an Idiot shut up. THANKS FOR BEING A TROLL $@%
Kit Ramsey::U are an Idiot shut up.
flclfanman::wow u mad bro? Like George said, both players need the ball in their hands to create
Cornelius-Mai::my above comment says it all and you notice my LMAO so ...the you mad bro is also getting old and lame.
GeorgeTownDC29::Both players need the ball. Wouldnt work
GeorgeTownDC29::I'm the one liking my own comments? lol There was a like right when you posted yours. Everyone knows Evans is immature and has even been suspended because of it. Ask any Kings fans. "Evans loves to play defense" yeah okay...
Cornelius-Mai::GeorgeTownDC29 - They are both combo PG's. Wade and Lebron is Forward/guard and so is Durant and Westbrick. Evans is immature as well  evans is immature ...soooooo whats your basis? have you watched his games this year cause i have? what games have you watched where evans was immature...this is what im talking about people comment with little knowing on anything just "wanting to sound smart" again you know nothing of evans and liking your own comments gets you no where your basis is still baseless  anyways both rose and evans can be unselfish players ....rose especially like last year wants to be a team guy and be more efficient ....evans  loves to play defense and has really played defense well this year he has improved his range and has played MOSTLY SG THIS SEASON how do i know cause i watched damn near all his games!
GeorgeTownDC29::They are both combo PG's. Wade and Lebron is Forward/guard and so is Durant and Westbrick. Evans is immature as well
Cornelius-Mai::yeah thats what they said about Wade and James  Westrook and Durrant  and look who was the last to go to the finals and the best teams in the nba?
Cornelius-Mai::ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT EVANS THIS YEAR ...JUST HUSH....to much ??????TO MUCH? ....LMAO
flclfanman::lol no. Evans to inconsistent, cant shoot the 3 and your package for him is way too much.
GeorgeTownDC29::Proof that Rose and Wall are the only offense for these teams
Kit Ramsey::Your an Idiot, shut up.
GeorgeTownDC29::you're* Stupid
Erica6592::GeorgeTownDC29 - Proof that Rose and Wall are the only offense for these teams  Post of the day!!
Element11997::Can we please fire Wittman and get Gary Williams? Heard a rumor a few weeks ago that he was interested in the job
GeorgeTownDC29::Gary Williams would be an okay choice. Upgrade, but we could still do better
DX_Hoo::Fire Grunfeld first.
For the kick-out::An IND loss, a possible MIL loss, Neil Funk's Birthday, and a Bulls win! A good night all around!
5LNBAFANS::Good game...
DX_Hoo::Should've watched the Alamo Bowl...
Sportaddition1314::Bulls win...now can't wait for the Bears game tomorrow.
vaplaya0::I want avery johnson!!!!  gg bulls
GeorgeTownDC29::Anything is better than Wittman's no offense a$$
GeorgeTownDC29::Is it me or has Beal gotten worse during the season?
DX_Hoo::GG Bulls.
ryanrusso518::87-77 final?
GeorgeTownDC29::Good game Bulls.  We coming for that #1 pick !!!
r.carsley::This game shouldn't of been this close
Cornelius-Mai::actually the wizards have been close in almost every game and 10 point lead is a dominant victory
Alvin8298::good game wiz fans
Bumslayer86::Good game Wiz
kartkid024::lol, ummmm weird call there.
5LNBAFANS::Well done boys, it wasn't a good win, but a win is a win, we have bobcats next, we should win that?  I know the match hasnt finished but i dont think they will come back..
GeorgeTownDC29::Beal is so unclutch. Dude just hasnt progressed at all this season
Alvin8298::thank god it was washington we played like $@%!
