Bamm7272::Dear Boston:  On behalf of the Heat, thank you for Ray.
John Wall Treyz::Ray aiint even that big of a piece.  Heat would still whoop yo head boiii!
fairandbalanced00::Is Chris Bosh a top three PF in the NBA? He sure showed all his repertoire last night when he is given more touches!
David Richie::kevin love does have a post game and his defense is not as bad as everyone makes it sound
fairandbalanced00::Kevin love does not have a post up game and can't play defense...he needs to develop those 2 aspects. griffin?? erratic shooter, plays no defense and is a poor free throw shooter. nowitsky, CBosh and aldridge are my top three because they possess all the fundamentals.
charlie rawn::Blake Griffin isn't that good
_Furious_::1. Kevin Love 2. Dirk (when healthy) 3. Blake Griffin 4. Lamarcus Aldridge 5. Chris Bosh   That's how I would rank them.  However, since he's playing Center this season -
chicago d rose::http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fgifura.orzhk.org%2Fsrc%2F1332235315120.swf&amp;h=dAQEJQpj3
chicago d rose::http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fgifura.orzhk.org%2Fsrc%2F1332235315120.swf&amp;h=QAQEM5hbJ
nba is the worst::OK - so will the 76ers donate the game to the Knicks today?
i came for cheese::you're a heat hater.you can't play ball either.
fairandbalanced00::I don't think they are as nice as MIAMI.
LedgendsContinue2012::Is that where we are now, "worse"? Every game, come on man
oneandonlybabe::Sixers probably won't have a choice in the matter... Ok really going now.
oneandonlybabe::@nba is the worst I gotta leave soon but was just wondering what the refs were convicted of?  As for basketball being the easiest to fix, I'd say as a follower of most sports including cricket and tennis which are not huge in the US, there are complaints of fixing in all sports. While I don't doubt it happens, I'm just not into conspiracy theories or dwelling on things I cannot control.
nba is the worst::Tax evasion
i came for cheese::he doesn't know what he's talking about.he hates the heat for anything he thinks of.
_Furious_::If that's true, they should definitely not be in the league.
oneandonlybabe::Oh ok - wow
cardead316::well its quite obvious that the Nuggets left the Heat win
LedgendsContinue2012::Oh boy, just like they did the first teams they played.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Good. Do it again in the next game as well.
chicago d rose::http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fgifura.orzhk.org%2Fsrc%2F1332235315120.swf&amp;h=QAQEM5hbJ look if you guys wanna s.hit ur pants
_Furious_::Carlos Boozer last night (against the Hornets with no Anthony Davis):  4 points on 1-8 FG with 7 rebounds, 2 assists and 2 turnovers.  Hinrich was also 1-8 FG for 2 points and Hamilton was 2-10 FG for 4 points.
chicago d rose::boozer sucks massive donkey dick
_Furious_::LOL yup.
Heat_Master_Sage::Liliad looks solid
attias5748::Lillard.
1881Drew::liliard
chicago d rose::i wanna see the old bulls and heat rivalry again, it seemed so long ago
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::There was no beating the Bulls at that time. The Knicks and the Heat in the 90's was a closer, more realistic rivalry.
_Furious_::I agree - there wasn't any old bulls and heat rivalry - Chicago was on another level from Miami back then - the rivalry really is from the last 2 years.
oneandonlybabe::We need Rose back for that
LedgendsContinue2012::Are we getting out of control with how we are handling these early losses when the teams are all trying to figure out each other as well as their opponents.
nba is the worst::Is playing lazy the same as "getting out of control"?  Good thing lebron, Allen and Bosh showed up offensively yesterday, because the defense was laughable
LedgendsContinue2012::I was talking overall, all the teams, with the addition of new players it takes time to jell. However the fans seems to want instant success. The season is long and we need to be a little more game smart don't you think.
chicago d rose::nate is like a mini d rose
_Furious_::Nate Robinson is only good for two things - dunking and bringing a spark of energy and scoring off your bench.  He's not a starter, and he certainly can't run a team's offense like a starting PG should.
HeatManZE.....::i wouldnt go that far
chicago d rose::i know but he can amazing at times, i think
chicago d rose::NATE ROBINSON NEEDS TO START OVER KIRK HINRICH
HeatManZE.....::yea
_Furious_::Who wins ROY - Anthony Davis or Damian Lillard?
nba is the worst::depends on health.  Davis should
_Furious_::More wins this season - the Bobcats or the Magic?
charlie rawn::magic
sportscrazy45029::jg849 likes men. specifically andre iguodala. he thinks iguodala is better than micheal jordan. or at least used their names in the same sentence. hes fruity pebbles lol
chicago d rose::whats up my fellow nba fans
HeatManZE.....::did the hornets win?
_Furious_::You can blame that loss on Boozer - he did nothing last night.
chicago d rose::dammit we lost but its all good
HeatManZE.....::still depressed over d rose ...drinking is not the solution..get help
chicago d rose::i dont know man i was drunk as f.uck, but i'll check
HeatManZE.....::celtics nearly won against thw wiz ..without wall and nene..pathetic
_Furious_::Yeah that would have been an ugly loss.
LedgendsContinue2012::All hell would have broken loose in Boston
nba is the worst::Any convicted felons refereeing the NFL or MLB?
oneandonlybabe::well a tennis ump has been accused of killing husband. We'll see if they let her back on the court, ha!
HeatManZE.....::the celtics and spur had a few of them at refing the game..explains why they won huh?
oneandonlybabe:::)  Everything is on the refs, or don't you know?
_Furious_::Who is the convicted felon official in the NBA?
nba is the worst::Tax evasion.  MLB fires umps convicted of felonies - Stern promotes them!
_Furious_::Donaghy doesn't count - he's kicked out of the league.  What were the other two convicted of? Their crimes might not be relevant to their job.
oneandonlybabe::what  were they convicted of?
nba is the worst::Ken Mauer, Joey Crawford, and of course, the infamous Tim Donaghy (retired)
_Furious_::Andre Miller is living proof that you can have almost no athleticism and still be a productive NBA player just with intelligence.
_Furious_::??? I didn't post a single thing about Iguodala.
oneandonlybabe::probably a mix up with a post below?
Heat_Master_Sage::lol did iggy steal yoru wife
jg849::Furious, did Iguodala steal your wife that you downgrade him so much??? The guy is GOOD! What don't you not see in him?  Did you lose a bet on his team one day?
sportscrazy45029::JG keep sucking iguodalas diick, u fruit loop. hes trash, garbage, cant be relied upon to play full heart every night. wilson chandler has more all around basketball skill and iq than iguodala
major red::very underrated
nba is the worst::Made the NCAA championship game as the PG for Utah back in the day
oneandonlybabe::@nba is the worst Do you think refs will help the Lakers tonight, provided they need it?
_Furious_::Pistons best player is Brandon Knight or Jason Maxiel - Lakers BETTER win or else it is time for them to panic.
Heat_Master_Sage::if lakers can't beat det... come on
nba is the worst::Ken Mauer, convict, is lead ref.  Lakers won't go 0-4 IMO
nba is the worst::Let's see if the league assigned one of the convicted felon refs or not (brb)
sportscrazy45029::IDC Iguodala still sucks
sportscrazy45029::im saying iguodala wont average anywhere close to 20 ppg this season, maybe 11. if he does, further proof he dogged it here in Philadelphia
jtbui::Iguodala doesn't need to average 20 ppg in Denver. Averaging 12 5 5 a game will be fine, that's all Denver needs from him. He wasn't brought in for his scoring, he was brought in for his play making and defensive abilities.
_Furious_::Maybe one day he will realize he is 6'10" with long arms and doesn't have to take every shot past 20 feet.
sportscrazy45029::who, stinkuodala or gallinari?
nba is the worst::Maybe he'll realize that fts count - those 4th Q ft misses hurt
nba is the worst::gallinari was the Nugget that sucked, last night
Heat_Master_Sage::Worst is awesome though, best rival fan
Heat_Master_Sage::If it wasn't for the thunders igniting jump shot. spurs would of won. and maybe beat miami
nba is the worst::Game 6, OKC got the help/calls they needed
nba is the worst::Thanks ES, I'm still ticked about the Spurs' playoff run falling short - I'm pretty sure it would have been a longer Finals
oneandonlybabe::gotcha
nba is the worst::NBA is the easiest sport to fix, that's why it's the worst - as the "Wade Parade" to the FT line in '06 proved.  +37 fts in 2 games decided by 1 pt and 3 pts...
oneandonlybabe::fair enough. I guess you don't mind the reaction it gets. Do you also think all other sports are better? -just curious if that's why you decided on worst as opposed to something else.
nba is the worst::I've played bball my whole life, and like to watch.  Too bad that one-sided officiating can affect outcomes - which is why I chose this screen name back in '06 on another site
oneandonlybabe::so if you think the outcome is predetermined -which may well be, I don't know- why do you watch?
nba is the worst::We will see - clearly they don't fit the demographic Stern wants in the Finals...
oneandonlybabe::get used to it, they''ll fall short again.
Heat_Master_Sage::let's see.. I've known him for a few years...hrm...  nope
LedgendsContinue2012::Do you think he has ever missed a Heat game?
jg849::Chris Bosh was on BEAST MODE last night!
LedgendsContinue2012::"nba is the worst", must have had a restless night, after that dagger by Ray, he had to change all the things he was planning on writing about the Heat. So he went to research the stats. All we want is a win and we got it.
jg849::The NBA is the worse b/c my team sucks........lol
jg849::When one has a user '' 'nba is the worst'' just tells me ur the sore loser kid from the playground that is always pouting b/c you got beat or your team is terrible. Just saying!
nba is the worst::For the umpteenth time, the name is a protest against the BS officiating so often seen in the NBA
oneandonlybabe::Yes, the user name is a head scratcher
oneandonlybabe::it's a pity too cause the dude is smart and can make a lot of sense when he's not blinded by his Heat / Ref obsession.
oneandonlybabe::male  And I think you are an expert in jumping to wrong conclusions, so I will take it under advisement.
nba is the worst::"blinded"?  You sure seem to jump to (incorrect) conclusions a lot...  ;)  Will you tell us your gender, or is that too personal?
nba is the worst::Pretty good game, until the end!
jg849::It's a new DAY with Ray!
jg849::Ray Allen just ANOTHER THREEEEEEEEEEE
sportscrazy45029::Still baffeled at how in the hell andre stinkin iguodala scored 22 points against the miami heat? wtf?!?
sportscrazy45029::why didnt he make it previous 7 years then? huh? when talent pool in east was considerably weaker. and you should slap your mother for mention the great number 23 in the same sentence as iguodala! PUT DOWN THE CRACK PIPE PRONTO!
jg849::made all star team solely b/c of 76ers hot start....dude that is like saying, Michael Jordan made the allstar team b/c he scores alot of points. smh
sportscrazy45029::made all star team solely because of 76ers hot start last year, Olympic team because of doug collins connections with team usa brass, NEED I SAY MORE?
jg849::Andre is a good player. How can you not see that? Allstar caliber, olympic caliber!
jj232830::@nba is worst Kobe 18, bynum 12 team total 42 okc 28 team total and LA wins by 3. Kobe shot 9-25, bynum shot 3-12 and that game was the only win in series last year by LA against OKC.
nba is the worst::Joey Crawford is a legend for a reason...  Not sure what your point is though - heat in their fixed win were +18 fts, Lakers +14
nba is the worst::_Furious_ I don't really care about the PPG against - that speaks to the pace of play - I would more focus on opponents FG%. -=-=-  heat are 28th, .488. Only the Cavs and Bobcats are worse
_Furious_::I did say their defense has been bad - I was just pointing out that I don't really care about PPG scored against - it's a misleading stat.
jg849::Ray Allen just another 3
LedgendsContinue2012::I swear, you were put on this earth to point out all the Heat faults.
Heat_Master_Sage::lol
Heat_Master_Sage::Worst is our biggest fan. sometimes he cares more then we do
oneandonlybabe::sometimes? Nobody cares that much. I mean I don't research my favorite teams that way either and I consider myself a pretty good fan, ha!
jg849::Just fyi, Miami Heat 2012 Champs!
nba is the worst::*
oneandonlybabe::You really spend a lot of time thinking and researching on the Heat man. It's amusing. If you think about it, in a way you are their biggest fan!
Heat_Master_Sage::anyone else getting black ops 2 on ps3?
LedgendsContinue2012::Good morning sinners. Got an early morning swim and I am ready for football.
Heat_Master_Sage::Saints swore... maybe..
Heat_Master_Sage::I'm a saint, $@%! you $@%!$@%
LedgendsContinue2012::Ha ha, judging from those lovely signs in your reply, I think not.
_Furious_::Deepest team in the league:  A. Spurs B. Nuggets C. Clippers D. Pacers E. Celtics
jg849::bench - Ray Allen, Rashard Lewis, Mike Miller, Udanis Haslem, Norris Cole, James Jones, Joel Anthony
jg849::So you would say Celtics have a deeper team then the HEAT?
_Furious_::That's a close call - they have Jason Terry, Jeff Green, Courtney Lee, Avery Bradley (when he comes back), Leandro Barbosa, the rookie Sullinger - that's a pretty deep bench you have to admit.
jg849::Did you just list Celtics as one of the deepest teams of the league!!! rofl....wow some of you are clueless!
_Furious_::They do have a deep team in terms of many solid to good role players.
Heat_Master_Sage::holy $@%!, we haven't played the titans yet
brandonlee561heat22::thats a must win game
_Furious_::Who wins today - Dolphins or Colts?
_Furious_::Hopefully the Dolphins can cover Reggie Wayne.
Reigning_Heat_631::Hopefully Tannehill is back to health for this game.  Would be nice for him to get a win over Luck.
Heat_Master_Sage::dolphins duh .. KILL THOSE COLTS
brandonlee561heat22::Fins should win, pretty handily, imo.
nba is the worst::I think it will be close - but I won't risk my streak on that one
brandonlee561heat22::I want to go to the beach, but I'd much rather watch football
Heat_Master_Sage::Because I rather do a math exam than watch my jags got their brains bashed in by the lions?
brandonlee561heat22::That's cool
Heat_Master_Sage::I'm going to be in an exam room. bashing my head into a 2000 mac comp BECAUSE MATH IS USELESS
brandonlee561heat22::Today? Why?
Heat_Master_Sage::People, you keep blasting Worst but you know when he doesn't talk about ref the world is going to end :P
Heat_Master_Sage::Oh we already do.
oneandonlybabe::Heat fans should take nba is the worst's obsession with anything and everything Heat related as a compliment.
nba is the worst::Reigning_Heat_631 I agree with you man. DRose is a nice player, but he ain't no DWade -=-=-  Agreed - Rose doesn't just smack people in the face when there's a scramble for a rebound like Wade did at the end last night.  Great pass by Bosh though after that nocall
Jubin3567::Yeah his humility prevents him from making incidental contact
_Furious_::LOL
Heat_Master_Sage::Problem with lakers is going to  be their bench so they will  flail like the 2010 heat.. their starters will get broken down  come finals time
Jubin3567::I don't know man. At the moment, it looks like Kobe will 3 peat with his 2nd round exits
brandonlee561heat22::3 games in and they are already broken
LeBron James For The Win::@nba is the worst  NBA is the worst and yet you're here posting on every single board ! PARADOX !
Heat_Master_Sage::Bradley isn't the Wade stopper but the dude does play good D so boston still isn't full strength though them thinking terry is better. HAHA
nba is the worst::It's always funny when analysis of what happened is termed "crying"...  Nuggets led virtually the whole game, made 6 more FGs, dominated the paint but got less calls - but "somehow" it's bad defense on one play that "won the game"?
oneandonlybabe::well the thing is that when you repeat the same thing -which you cannot change- enough times it does come across as 'crying' (in a metaphorical sense of course)  On that note, the serenity prayer makes for good reading.
_Furious_::1. They didn't lead virtually the whole game.  2. They scored more in the paint because of offensive rebounding - what does that have to do with officiating? Nothing whatsoever.   Just because you're taking shots in the paint doesn't mean you're getting fouled every time - you can't even point to a specific play - you just throw out meaningless stats to justify randomly being offended by the outcome.
nba is the worst::1. They led the entire 2nd and most of the 4th.  2. Clearly, the Nuggets attacked the rim more, but despite contact, got less calls Miller hit several times without going to the line, heat 4th Q fts 9, Nuggs 4)
WalkingByFaith1982::Very good detailed and intelligent argument
Jubin3567::go ahead and just say it was the refs fault, you know you want to
Jubin3567::I'm surprised Boston and LA have started up this terribly.
nba is the worst::Boston, yes, LA, not at all
Jubin3567::as much as I hate them you'd figure they'd at least beat the Dirkless Mavs. looks like they have some serious cohesion issues
Heat_Master_Sage::they have a lot more parts coming in so it's going to take longer for them to get things together
Heat_Master_Sage::If you don't look for  likes on your comment. you're  NOT SUPERFICIAL ENOUGH
oneandonlybabe::yup, guilty as charged!
Treydey10::People seem to forget how great a player Bosh was with Raptors, he would be the best player on half the teams in the league.
Heat_Master_Sage::in fairness to addias, the galaxy note with Lebron makes me sick..
Jubin3567::yeah the 3rd world kids worshiping him was over the top
Heat_Master_Sage::yup
nhraven52::Will the crying ever stop??
brandonlee561heat22::?
oneandonlybabe::no but cheer up nor will the laughter. The only thing that changes is who does the crying and who does the laughing.
Heat_Master_Sage::when they're all dead.
brandonlee561heat22::Are they playing the games on sun sports up there Sage? Or is it the Magic games?
Heat_Master_Sage::magic games.. thank god for the internet
brandonlee561heat22::yea true that
brandonlee561heat22::Jason Jackson called Andre Miller Richard Pryor in the post game talks
nhraven52::Let me guess, it was the refs fault?
Reigning_Heat_631::I agree with you man.  DRose is a nice player, but he ain't no DWade
Reigning_Heat_631::yea i'm still waiting for some troll to say that.  It's either the refs won the game or DRose being hurt won them the game lol
Jubin3567::i may be in the minority here, but watching his ADIDAS commercials every 10 minutes annoys me because he was overrated to begin with
Heat_Master_Sage::I got a like so mine &gt; yours
oneandonlybabe::that's funny. I'm certainly not looking for likes so that's fine dude :)
nba is the worst::Only if you go by the heat fans' constant repetition of "the team that attacks the rim more gets the calls"...  Denver 72 points in the paint to the heat's 40, but -7 fts...
oneandonlybabe::that's eerie when you post something and you think someone stole your identity but then realize that you both posted the exact same thing, LOL
Jubin3567::you're on the wrong boards. This is the Heat board not Celtics lol
oneandonlybabe::isn't it always?
Heat_Master_Sage::isn't it always?
