Eric Jvon Thomas::Wizards are all around better than the bulls we should win this game easy
Myriel Hayes::haaa u thought
Taylor Manes::I say we come back in vengeance and beat the wizards!!
Lee Ellsworth Williams::Good Luck the Bulls Stink. DC represents The Whole Nation playa=I wish they were still called The Bullets so we could put a Slug in Da Bulls :)
Jake Blatt::Lee Ellsworth Williams You'd get trampled. SEE RED.
Jonah Swidan::Jake Blatt lmao @ trampled
Adam Youman::anyone else annoyed that deng is still listed as our leading scorer?...
Josh Sweat::I was just thinking that!
Liam McKenner::yep
Theodore Gleaton::were on  a  roll go wizard
Aaron Cohen::Nice solid come from behind win. I like it. Let's win tonight against the Pistons and break the .500 mark.
Josh Sweat::Cmon Noah put up 26pts 19rebs 6assists 2 blks 2 stls like last game and we'll win
Mike Dempsey::I have my streak for the cash on the bulls winning tonight
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::Mike Dempsey the boys are hitting everything tonite
Rex Emmanuel Martinez::didn't shot the 2pnts to lose the odds WAS-4.5, LOL. Something's fishy
Gerry Miller::Nene and Ariza are playing flat, very poorly - They get paid too much to take a night off! And Otto Porter is joining Kwame Brown and Oleksiy Pecherov in the Wizards' drafting stupidity Hall of Fame. They should send Porter to the D-League where he belongs and activate Al Harrington or Glen Rice Jr.
Collin Smith::how are you going to activate them when their injured.......and otto doesnt get enough minutes to show wat he can do.
Aaron Cohen::Glen Rixe Jr is still out with a broken hand and will be out a few more weeks. Harrington is still rehabbing his knee and there is no timetable for his return. He could be out till the postseason if we make it that far Wittman said before the game.
Frank Kim::Laying an egg in the 3rd at home again, predictable, Ariza and Nene playing lackadaisical, this is where Jan and Kevin gotta step up.
Eriko Jim::The Washington Bullets might just make the playoffs after all...wow Wall is proving to be a super star guard
Walter Robeson::Why the heck did the bulls resign Nazr Mohammed please no more after this year.
Rex Emmanuel Martinez::didn't shot the 2pnts to lose the odds WAS-4.5, LOL. Something's fishy
Brett Reid::going full retard and picking up the dribble.. nice
James Aaron Sharp::SportsCenter #1 play right there!!!
John Slaughter::you gotta see the paul george dunk
Eriko Jim::Washing Bullets are really playing well
Eriko Jim::lol
Larry King::If Ariza is sick who will pick up his lost minutes?
Nate Gilbo::Wiznation will prevail!
Robert Schwartzback::Yeah Terps
