TheBigFish159::Vasquez's game winner was cold..
ToliDaGreek::I know corbin has decided on his rotation. but does jamal tinsley really deserve more minutes than burks?
tjharper11::No
Willadunn::1st wk of nba action. http://willadunn14.blogspot.com/2012/11/thoughts-from-1st-week-in-nba.html
Willadunn::1st wk of nba action.. http://willadunn14.blogspot.com/2012/11/thoughts-from-1st-week-in-nba.html
jdoggjiggajigga::Time for Corbin to go. Burks gets a DNP, and Favors plays 23 minutes, and Kanter plays 20. At some point they have to prepare for the future. The Jazz will never compete for a title with Al, Milsap, and Randy Foye but they might be able to with the young guys. Lets see if it can happen.
acidflow03::And what should Milsap and Big Al get... You say favors should be playing that much time which he could handle but hey you cnat just give Big Al and Sap Way less. like I said Milsap gotten better without having any plays run for him for so long so why cant favors do the same given he is suppose to be a future superstar he should have no problem with doing it the same way Milsap has earning his playing time and proving. Nobody is saying they cant play but lets not act as if Corbin is garbage and has no clue what he is doing.   I mean they did make the playoffs last year after they were suppose to be one of the worst team in the West pretty good for  Coach that "HAS TO GO" if you ask me given the status he was given the team in. As I said I understand the Burks complaint but the rest is pure BS. If they can get all 4 bigs to mesh together as really good players should do then they will be a terror. Your argument is based on the assumption that Big Al and Sap cant carry the team,  when in fact they can because I have seen nothing up to this point to believe that Favors and Kanter can without the help from the previously two mentioned. I guarantee that if Favors and Kanter got 30minutes/g last year Utah would have been way out of the playoffs they need more time to develop.   Which by the way can be done coming off of the bench and we all know thats possible ala Milsap and if they cant even develop themselves coming off the bench by getting the minutes they currently get, more minutes than what Milsap 1st got when he was young only to improve greatly, then Favors and Kanter do not deserve to be given more minutes.
acidflow03::Look at this cry baby.... are you serious... So how much more minutes did you want Favors and Kanter to get. Note: Milsap only played 25 minutes Big Al 28. You are now talking out of your $@%!...  I can see the Burks complaint but the Foye complaint is just pure idiocy at this point. lets not forget that once again Kanter and Favors played just about the same time as the starters. And look at the box score. Less scoring.   They are preparing for the future last I checked Milsap did not take 30 minutes a game when he came in the league yet he progressed his game so much it didnt matter. I expect if favors is anywhere near as a future superstar as many claim then he too should be able to work and improve with what he gets as just as in Milsaps case, actually he should do better if he is suppose to be that good. This is not no team like the Bobcats or Warriors being in full rebuilding mode for years the Jazz have talent and if you want to start better yet get more minutes then dont expect to just jump ahead of everyone just because of potential or what you did in some games before.
jdoggjiggajigga::Just remember what you said when Burks and Favors and Kanter all walk away at the end of their contract. Favors should be playing 35-40 minutes a night and Kanter and Burks should be getting around 30.   Go look at the shot charts. It isn't just minutes that are a problem but it is also  the number of shots each are taking. If favors is our future superstar he should be getting more than 5-6 looks a game.   I don't have a problem with Foye but I do have a problem when Foye, Mo, and Jamal Tinsley take minutes away from Burks. Burks could be a great player but we already know what the other 3 are.   So yes I will keep crying about Corbin ruining this team.
Terps201335::Shimmy man!!!!!
I Should Be Studying::Live in NYC but have been a Hornets fan since I was 6. $@%! the Knicks. Hope the Hornets time as champs are coming soon.
slickwatts100::if you project davis' stat line over 42 minutes it would be 24 pts 18 rebounds and 6 blocks
olwildcory723::WOW! That's Great! This game is fun. What would his stat line be if you projected it over 68 minutes?? I bet it would be even bigger!
cock2222::i miss randy  foye,mo williams,evan and kenyon martin  with my  clips
cha cha chia1234::Jamal is better
sgafsetomorpnpse::Tomorrow is a tough game in Chicago, will be a real learning experience against a well oiled machine. Maybe even can pull out a surprise. Hornets frontline is big and that causes problems.
minky420::Had Milsap and favors hit their free throws Jazz win by two. Fifty percent for the jazz from the stripe aint gonna cut it.
olwildcory723::Or maybe some rim defense by Al. OR some shoes with traction for Hayward.
montoyrd::Rivers will be fine lay off him!!!
tconnosaurus::We Will when he lays off the brow! How dare a pg maliciously hurt his pf!?!?
rjep16::ITS LOOKING LIKE AMINU IS THE BEST PLAYER WE GOT FROM THE CP3 TRADE
rjep16::TIME TO TRADE GORDON
lbcguy2000::Anthony Davis and Kevin Durant remind me of Inspector Gadget.  Very strange watching them move around the court.
NolaJag::To the guy earlier that said that Lopez will never be a quality big....tonight you're eating crow. If Lopez can get 10 boards and 10 points a night then that is great for this hornets team. Vasquez and aminu both look much improved since last year. Davis looks great though its unfortunate he will miss next game. Rivers is a bit of a work in progress and it looks like Gordon is out for a while once again. With that being said, this hornets team still looks very good. Go Hornets!
AGirlThatLovesSports_::GREIVIS!!!!!
sgafsetomorpnpse::Austin played better. He had 6 assists and didn't make many major mistakes. Didn't take many shots and two of his 4 misses collapsed the Jazz defense and ended as Davis putbacks. He'll be fine, taking baby steps getting a little better each time.
no look high five::Jazz fans were giving the Mavs a hard time for losing to them on a back to back road trip from LA to Utah.   And Utah can't even beat NOLA with a days rest? lol
olwildcory723::Its true, we suck :( Wait, wait, Al Jefferson's pick and roll defense sucks. And that's all that matters if the other team runs it 40 times...
van.muhle::Way to self like on that one, big fan of high fiving yourself after your trolling efforts as well?
no look high five::hahha whhhhat? i didn't like my own comment.
lakers_choke::You obviously are a Dallas fan because you are getting so mad about such little things.
bargnani sucks::Austin Rivers is terrible, what a waste of a draft pick
sgafsetomorpnpse::He has the skills, just needs time, he'l be playing well soon.
bargnani sucks::We've seen this kid all college, all summer league, all pre-season and now regular season. There's nothing I've see from him that tells me that he will be a passable NBA player, he's awful.
gt1master_ike::Can we give the kid a break. Lets see how he develops.
no look high five::wow. damn. give the kid a minute before you talk like that about him.
PorqueEstasEnojado::1-13 shooting so far in 2 games...kid shoulda stayed at Duke...clearly not ready...
AustinBeal::Hornets can be a contender in a couple years, but for right now they'll be fighting for the 7 or 8 seed in the West
AustinBeal::If only they still had CP3
gt1master_ike::^^That
Rip City Forever::They may be fighting for an 8th seed in a couple years lol jk
AustinBeal::we'll see
Rip City Forever::No way
Watneys67::Yea, no way. They are a 25-57 team
Rip City Forever::Damian lillard &gt; Anthony Davis :)
olwildcory723::They're both way above the rest. Why didn't Lillard go #2??
Grantox::id say trade Al for Brandon Jennings. Mil could use a good Big
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Can we call Austin Rivers a bust yet?
gt1master_ike::Its way too early for that man. Give him time to develop.
Barrybran::He obviously has something having been drafted that high up but from what I saw in the Spurs game he should be coming off the bench and being allowed to develop rather than throwing him into the starting lineup.
Barrybran::Monty Williams is calling Eric Gordon's doctor right now - "We need a shooting guard for our next game. How's he doing?"
dmjt4160::Thank Scott for Greivis Vasquez!
G.I.JONESv3::Greivis for MVP
gt1master_ike::Much better at setting up teammates than Jarrett Lumberjack.
dahojas::Jazz bench all in positive for +/-. Why didn't they play them more? come on Corbin!
Watneys67::Bench can only play so long. They actually got more minutes than a bench should - especially on the road. You have to be able to count on your starting 5 to close out close games against weaker teams like tonight. If they can't get it done - should replace/get rid of them
scow79::Corbin only uses the bench to bring us back from a deficit, then he proceeds to stick the starters back in.
Watneys67::A lot of blame to go around tonight - mainly with starting five who were all minus 6-minus 8 tonight.  But - Jazz have to begin to see more from Favors, now as a 3rd year player. Everyone says Favors has some upside potential, and I would generally agree, but have to see more than 4 points in 23 minutes from him on nights like this.. Only 6 points in opener too.
olwildcory723::Run a pick and roll for him once in a while. He's open rolling off the pick, but Mo never passes!
scow79::If they continue to never go to him on offense then you should expect him to have nights like this.
gt1master_ike::Good job hornets. Did work tonight. Jazz weren't ready for it.
IAmYourNeighbor::Xavier Henry got the win!!!!
sgafsetomorpnpse::Jazz were just too small for the Hornets giant bigs. They couldn't do anything in the paint. Needed a fluke 3 pt shooting night to stay close.
Grantox::umm cause they outboarded the hornets
sgafsetomorpnpse::Look at points in paint.
JazzIn2010::fluke 3 pt shooting?  did you see their shooting on wednesday?  they will be a solid one this year
scow79::And Al Jefferson couldn't be bothered to box out, like usual.  That's why Lopez had such a great offensive rebounding night.
olwildcory723::If Al isn't getting his 15+ post-up shots per night, he's not really interested in the game.
gt1master_ike::Are you done whining,man?
scow79::This ^^^^ is one of the dumbest statements I've had the misfortune to read in awhile.
gt1master_ike::Yet the jazz still had more offensive and total rebounds.  Hornet won. Nothing Jefferson did or didn't do was changing that.
fuzzjar::agree 100%.
scow79::Jazz are actually going to be much better at shooting the 3 this year.  Plus I wouldn't say 10-28 from 3 is such a fluke shooting night.
fuzzjar::i dunno dude.  too small?  the jazz have pretty good length.  they just didn't really use it.  too much iso and settling for jump shots.  and the boxing out on defense was atrocious.  too many easy second-chance points for NO.
fuzzjar::Jazz looked like a college team tonight on offense: drive two steps to the basket; dish to the closest guy; repeat ad nauseam until the shot clock is running out; hoist a up a crappy fade-away jumper; don't rebound or get back on D and get burned for an easy layup.
olwildcory723::Sorta what we expected...
Watneys67::Jazz are simply a 15 win road team at best.  Their road play will limit them to battling for 7th/8th/9th place in the West
sgafsetomorpnpse::Rivers is not shooting well, but he played much better overall. Had 5 assists and didn't make many mistakes. Baby steps, he'll get there.
sgafsetomorpnpse::We don't know if Davis has a concussion yet. He was not allowed to come back in per NBA concussion rules.
Young Black King88::Jazz have some of the best young talent in the league..  Favors, Kanter, Burks, Heyward,    Sign Brandon Jennings this off season and grow as a team. Just make sure you get something for Al Jefferson by the trade deadline
Young Black King88::Brandon Jennings is the answer
Francis4345::Foye and Mo doing great, but need an other young one PG to fit with Burks lately
scow79::I'd give my left nut for a PnR style PG to play along side Favors
Young Black King88::Have to find the right 3rd big.. Might not be Paul or big Al.. But  need a point guard for sure
Francis4345::16 M cap space and Kanter and Favor more minutes
whodat4409::Hey, Jazz - can we have our name back?
olwildcory723::You can have the name back for Anthony Davis and Eric Gordon.
minky420::no
fuzzjar::I wonder how many Hornets fans actually know anything about Jazz...?
fuzzjar::Yeah, I agree.  More people in NO would know about jazz than people in SLC, but still, not many overall.  So I say we keep the name since I can out-jazz any NO fan here tonight.
scow79::My guess would be no many.  It's a dead music genre
whodat4409::Done. Thank you...
fuzzjar::You all are the ones that let it go.  But sure, it would make sense for you to have it back.  We could be Hornets!
JazzIn2010::haha i think it makes sense... we could take your name... utah is the beehive state so hornets makes more sense in utah
olwildcory723::Hornets are SO different than bees I can't believe you'd even make that comparison.
timmyhendrix::I was thinking the same thing!
CRS92::Austin Rivers shooting 11% so far.
Real_Salt Lake::Well good game Hornets, looks like we might be 1-2 tomorrow. We really need to find a way to have some energy on the road. I'm sick of the Jazz sucking hard every time they leave slc.
Mory Dunz::Why did anthony davis only play 14 minutes?  Did he get injured?
olwildcory723::Austin Rivers delivered a vicious elbow to the head of Anthony Davis.
timmyhendrix::He may have gotten a concussion right before the half.  Elbow to the head if I recall...
Francis4345::got a fight with a teamate
scow79::Who else thought tonight that maybe losing a couple might actually be a good thing?
jovenchileno::Losing is never a good thing.
Mory Dunz::It can be.  What happens before every winning streak? A loss.  Haha, just messing around but doesn't that sound profound?
Francis4345::Lopez was free as a bird, too many rebounds. Jazz played too soft
jovenchileno::That's an understatement. They were afraid to take it to the hoop and box out.
fuzzjar::Wow, nice game Hornets.  You really took it to the Jazz tonight.  Too many points in the paint.  I'd be excited if I were a Hornets fan, considering you played the 2nd half without Davis and Gordon is still not playing.  Hopefully tonight is the best game of Lopez's career and he never plays that way again.  See you in a few weeks.
jovenchileno::Jazz were lucky to even be as close as they were. They had to work and two full shot clocks often times to get a bucket whereas the Hornets had open lanes to the hoop all night and noone thought to box out Lopez so he would just have easy cleanup. Hard loss, especially with SA, LA, and Mempis coming up.
olwildcory723::Or as we like to call the 'open lanes to the  hoop all night': Al Jefferson's defense.
walnutkid07::way to blow it, $@%!. red me.
Real_Salt Lake::0-2
Real_Salt Lake::At least Alec is an offensive machine who can get to the line. Would have helped out tonight IMO
scow79::And he's a bigger guard you could have thrown on Vazquez.  He was owning Tinsley
Real_Salt Lake::agree
Young Black King88::Trade Alex burks if your not gonna play him
Young Black King88::At least Kanter is gettin some run
scow79::Yeah he even passed out of the double team a couple of times.   He was having trouble with NO's bigs though.
trojan801::I really hate that we keep young players on the bench. Mo became a player after he left, Humphries too.
scow79::You can actually make a case for a ton of players
Francis4345::Alec Yeah, him and Hayward drive to the basket, how many free trows tonight again ?
Young Black King88::Pardon
Real_Salt Lake::alec
scow79::I wish they would so I can watch him become a star on another team.
piep15::no joke he plays like Dwade he has huge upside and won't ever get there in Utah
Young Black King88::Super talented
haywardFTW::hornets fans honestly couldn't have asked for anything more there at the end.  Leave Jefferson in for a big defensive play, then have hayward trip over mo williams' feet, then to have corbin not draw anything up on the last possession of the game.
scow79::You mean a fade away over a bigger defensive player isn't a good playcall?
Real_Salt Lake::Jazz suck on the road, whats new? Still love my Jazz though lol
piep15::why did the jazz extend corbin he is seriously an idiot
fuzzjar::yeah, you should have applied for the job.  they probably would have hired you.
