raphaelg::Man Beasley is a consistent shooter,  very few minutes but very productive when it comes to offense and getting better at defense.    He is not a bench player,  he is starter.   But I can see why he is  bench player....just like Ray Allen,  he is bench player but a huge threat if left alone.   Now you add Beasley into the mix and the bench gets two threats at the sametime.      So far Beasley has played very few minutes but has more points than the rest of the cast except Lebron and Wade in this game.
dcbrother4u::I don't like the Heat stats at all;  3 starters + the bench all in single digits.  Spolestra better start making better rotation decisions because Wade's knees will not last, so he needs to get 3 starters + the bench ready for the more competitive teams, otherwise Heat it will be a longer, harder road for LBJ to lead the team to glory.   You would think after hosting them for TG dinner, everyone would have stepped up and given LBJ a break.  But I'm afraid not, the Big 2 still had to play the most minutes against a team with a losing record.  Someone was right, I think the Western Conference is more competitive.as well.
Emerson::Totally agree with you.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::Does anyone else notice when a player plays well in the first half, Spo doesnt play that player in the second half but when a player plays horrible in the first half, he plays that player in the second half... For example, Lewis played great in the first half at the start of the season and saw 0 mins in the second half and now that Lewis is struggling in the first half, he plays him in the second half... Beasley plays great in the first half and he plays him pretty much no mins in the second half...
David::Rashard Lewis shooting 3-pointers from the outside is not exactly high percentage basketball. Does this guy have a clue that its the end of the game. The team won't get a second chance on his miscues.
Ify::this is why i question these guys sometimes. Unlike d Spurs, they don't know how to bury the lesser teams when the opportunity arises. Either they get a lead and start being careless with the ball n showboating or questionable coach's rotation...
Anton::37% on Toronto? You kidding me?
fcbonilla::Excellent shooting by the Heat, but they go to keep it up and attack the paint.
Kyle::This is like the 3rd straight game DWade has led the team in +/-
Christian::Look at that they won on the road since when are they good on the road because last year they were horrible and now they just can't stop themself they got some #$%$
