Ryan Gibb::STEVEN ADAMS
Kevin Woodruff::Lol at this officiating.
Cali Native::Is it just me or are there too many fouls being called?   Almost 60 combined
Brandon Tigues::majority of them are for OKC
Lornet Prather::Adams turning Drummond out!
Forrest Wolfe::Adams is a beast!
Dave Fritz::Looks like Detroit is in for some bad weather the next couple of days. The Pistons are playing the Thunder tonight, and the Red Wings are playing the lightning tomorrow night.
Kasey Sandlin::Ref Job. Lol.
Forrest Wolfe::Don't foul Durant and he will score.  Foul Durant and he will score.  Durant > Your team
Shawn Bento::The Thunder are easily the best team in the NBA.  Detroit is much improved but OKC squeaks out a road W in the Palace.
Lornet Prather::The Heat are the best team in the NBA.
Steven Rivera::Thunder cant get that label with that defense they play
Steven Rivera::Durant 19 FTA???? WOW They gave him the Lebron treatment tonight eh?
Brandon Tigues::lol@lebron treatment..I can't remember the last time lebron had 19 ft's...the most ft's he attempted last season was 16 and that was against the bulls
Brandon Tigues::he was 4th in ft attempts..with 7 a game
Latece K Christmon::Yeah, blame it on the FTAs..................
Anderson Daniel::Let's go THUNDER!!!!!
Jacob S. Wenzel::ddetroit basketballl
Geoff Starling::I was not impressed by Drummonds summer as many were. He was moving away from his strengths offensively by trying to work on a post game. He has agility, hands and can catch and finish on the move in traffic when he's aggressive. His talent last year was scoring like A. Stoudemire did when he was young. He just had a knack and touch, but he had a different scrappy mindset last year early on when he was scoring. Now he's playing like he believes he has some sort of polished game. His defense and rebounding are now going the same way. He's way too gifted to have this type of game.
Geoff Starling::If Drummond had one ounce of G. Monroe in him he'd be a superstar. It looked like he did last year. He's losing it. I think frank did a lot better job with him than people realized. And I said that before the season started. Drummond was night and day from uconn last year. Frank had him playing like a junk yard dog and maximizing his strengths. The is the fake Uconn Drummond.
Eric Bell::Geoff Starling Drummond has performed incredibly well in the first three games in the season. The last two games where he didn't perform too well? They were against two of the best teams in the entire league, who can overwhelm a newcomer like Drummond. The season just started, if people see a problem with him, you bet they're going to fix it. Pistons have high hopes for him, I find it hard to believe they won't do their best to fix whatever is supposedly broken and work with the kid. Season is incredibly young.
John Osaki Jr.::Thunder fans and "big-time" Kevin Durant fans, check out Durant's chapter in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/149096875X/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1383693074&sr=8-1&pi=SY200
Mike Greenberg::Stat that explains it all PG Russell Westbrick -10 in 30 minutes on the court. Reggie Jackson + 23 in 18 minutes on the court. The + and - is net team points while that player is on the court. Again, I was at the game tonight, and it is the same old song and dance with Westbrick every year. Has nothing to do with his coming back from injury. He is never going to change until they get a coach that understands this and willing to make a change.
Forrest Wolfe::oh whatever
Matt Borba::Lol go away. This team is clearly better with Westbrook and it's not even close.
Luke Spatafore::All the Westbrook haters need to get a life. He's already a 3 time All Star at a very young age, and when he's 100%, him and Durant are possibly the most lethal duo in the NBA, at least offensively. Who cares if he's a combo guard playing PG. That is more the norm anymore anyway. RW is a great NBA player when 100%, whether the haters like it or not. And the fact he's come back this soon after a devastating injury shows his toughness and determination. THUNDER UP!!
Eric Bell::Even if the Pistons lose, I hope they don't make it easy for the Thunder. They need to start showing their teeth and make teams take them seriously, start putting the pressure on early in the season. I'm betting on the Thunder to win, but Pistons could surprise tonight. Just not thinking it likely.
Kerry Parkes::I wonder if these idiots will have a reply to what they said back then http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01JDLfj5fyQ#t=157
Cory Nope::The Chucks'  just cant keep jacking up 10+ 3pt attempts a game- if the Pistons expect to make the playoffs. We may want to bring Drummond off the bench and play Smith at the 4.
Lornet Prather::Naw.  Leave Drummond alone to learn not to get the big-head.  Its just a bad game in the learning curve.
Nolan Hughes::Didn't watch the game (at the MSU game) but dang 19 FT attempts by Durant? For the Pistons, I will take 110 pt scored against OKC. Kinda close to a moral victory
Denies Lising::We lost for the thrid time to teams that reached the conf finals the past two seasons. Atleast the game was decided inside two minutes.
Eric Bell::Pistons showed their teeth tonight. Impressive effort and made it an interesting game at the very least.
Kool Kev::Ahhhh!!! I see Chauncey Billups couldn't get them 10 points tonight, and he played 28 minutes.
Geoff Starling::Ahh, no logical fan thought or wanted Billups to be a big part of this team. His mins will go down now that the team is getting healthy. His job is to be a mentor. The problem with the pistons is they have way too many ball dominant guards. KCP has looked really good and is the perfect answer. No way can I see this Stuckey charade lasting. He's playing well statistically but the team doesn't work when Stuckey (a one on one non-shooter) is in there next to another PG.
Mark Burnett::Wow, is Steven Adams legit? What a game! Hopefully Perkins is an afterthought at this point.
Marcleen Bavogui::he is legit.. just a matter of time before he takes perkins spot
Willie Woodberry::Perkins has been an afterthought for a while. We just can't find any suckers to take him and his contract.
Linda Carol McGee::Pretty exciting for us Thunder fans. Adams may be the threat down low that we've all been hoping to find.
Denies Lising::Stuckey has been inconsistent but seems he is making a case. Maybe its contract year.
Cory Nope::it is
Jeffrey Thomas::Detroit has the edge down low.  Just need to slow Durant and Westbrook and Detroit should take the win.
Shawn Bento::your comment is the epitome of "easier said than done"
Andrew Gregory Kragt::We couldn't slow down Paul George.  Durant is Paul George 3.0.  He'll get his.
Jeffrey Thomas::Shawn Bento So true.  They are both studs.
