8723Chris::I have been using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. i am making around $3000 a month just following this system. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting system.s
Gimme the damn ball::Memphis sucks!!
Kobelies247::Oh dont look now but the Clippers just did something the Blazers CANT!  Thats right, BEAT THE LAKERS! AGAIN!!!
tgreen21::10-31-12, look up opening night idiot!
bshowers79::Didn't that happen the first game of the year?
mdr2855::Nice win Blazers, keep it up!!
pdxrovermech::i wish the blazers would stop winning. they're ruining their draft opportunities.
R.2.D.2.::Next years draft sucks in comparison to the 2012 draft
Rip City Forever::Exactly
DuckDodgerBlazer::Nice win tonight boys. Anyone watching the clip/lake game.  Howard looks like hes playing in quicksand  on defense.
Kobelies247::Sac beats the raptors yet they beat us by 30?
tgreen21::You're not "us" $@%!$@ bag!!! Get lost
yuriytown::us? get out of here
mksatx::Way to go blazers
JEMax12::Why after a 12-2 start with ZBo averaging a double double, does Gay try and start taking over, which puts ZBo in the backseat???  I know he missed because he was sick but after going 12-2, the Grizz have been mediocre at best because of all of this mess.  Doesn't make sense...
Robot Mojo::Grizz should be afraid. Very afraid.
roy2daboy::Being 20-10 is nothing to be ashamed of at this point.  Grizz will be fine.
bshowers79::Very impressed with this win for Portland--they came off their worst offensive performance of the season to gut out a tough road win. Not bad.
brownbear541::hell yeah. impressed they pulled this win out. nice. even without zbo on the floor. good trip so far even with that drubbing from toronto..
bshowers79::I kind of had a feeling that the Toronto showing was the result of a "trap game"
brownbear541::eh sure. tough game tho really, playing in nyc late and beatin the knicks, and then hoping on the plane to get to toronto (i know, its not a long flight but still) and then another game. thats tough for anyone, especially a team thats from the west coast
cubsfan33442::So many people saying the Blazers had no shot. In the NBA any team can beat any other team on any given night.
Grindhouse2413::Sad but true...
JamesGetDownBrown::bummer, 1 for 2 isn't bad. especially when you beat your instate rival.
JamesGetDownBrown::i still cant believe mike missed that layup
JamesGetDownBrown::lol
roy2daboy::I'm still lauging at that missed dunk that Rocky Flop player did.
roy2daboy::YEP!!!!!
BaySports226::Kobelies bailed on hating on Oregon after about 12 seconds during the KSU game last night.  Dude just hates the state for some reason.
Robot Mojo::Kobelies = Frustrated basement dweller
R.2.D.2.::lets hope the clippers go on a 3 game losing streak, maybe he will shut up for a while.
Kobelies247::I wouldnt bet on it.... :)
pdizzle4twizzle::he must not like good beer
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::He's underaged.
BaySports226::I guess, haha.
BaySports226::Blazers &gt; Vancouver.
bshowers79::I hate Vancouver…..Washington, that is.
roy2daboy::Well of couse USA&gt;Canada, but what does any of this has to do with Memphis?  Absolutely NOTHING.
JamesGetDownBrown::well played
roy2daboy::Everyone should remember that this is a 4 game series.  Blazers one the first game, but the Grizz can (or will) win the next three.
bshowers79::Everyone should remember it's an 82 game season so, like, let's never focus on individual games EVER.
Popitoff_2.0::Like they were going to win today, right?
tgreen21::Roy2 liking his own comments!!!
roy2daboy::Anything can happen kiddo, right??
pdizzle4twizzle::kobe lied to his wife about having an an.al affair with kobelies
BlazerMania7::Hahahahahaha^^
Popitoff_2.0::Then he became a Clipper fan once they became relevant.
pdizzle4twizzle::cause he cheated on kobe to make out with blake in the back of a brand new KIA
roy2daboy::The main game on Memphis fans tonight was the rivaly game againt Tennessee.  Yes I am bummed that the Grizz lost, but I was more focused on the Tigers trouncing Rocky Flop.  Grizz will be fine.
pedrobear1::Memphis doesn't win when Mike isn't at least mediocre
JEMax12::Uhh...you're really saying Leonard means more to the blazers than ZBo to the Grizz?  Do you know why the Grizz went 12-2 at the beginning of the season?  ZBo was averaging a double double.  Why have we been terrible since then?  Because all of the sudden, Rudy Gay has been trying to take over games and Zach has taken a backseat.  Anyone who has been following this Grizz team closely will tell you that.
roy2daboy::Z-Bo not playing is also part of the reason why we did not win.
127decibels::Yeah, well Leonard is a lot taller than Zbo and we didn't have him...so in pure terms of height lost, we had more to overcome.
pedrobear1::Speights replaced his production just fine
127decibels::There was a reason he was mediocre. The reason is Lillard.  Hey, a new nickname. Lillard = "The Reason".
roy2daboy::We'll see if your assessment is right in the next 3 games in the series kiddo.
127decibels::Blazers now 7th in the West and coming after Houston fast.
bshowers79::Kobelies trolls Blazers boards because Portland Mayor Sam Adams didn't take to his advances
Kobelies247::Portland doesnt COME after anybody! LOL  You ppl are so blind
127decibels::What? Clipps get decent one year and all of a sudden you talk like they own Portland? What a loser. You guys have been losing to the Blazers forever.
Popitoff_2.0::Clippers have won what again?
R.2.D.2.::If our bench steps up more often, we can get that 7 seed.
redvictor312::grizzlies you suck
roy2daboy::NOPE!!!!!!!!
pedrobear1::Gay is 5-12 in Game tieing or take the lead situations with 3 sec left
Kobelies247::Kill the Knicks one night get OWNED by the crappy Raptors the next, then just barely beat a pretty good Grizzlies team...... YUP! Thats Blazer basketball at its finest!  PLayoffs, HERE WE COME!!!!!
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Lost to Denver and GS in a row.
Kobelies247::Oh, Zbo didnt play! Now it all makes sense.......
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Don't give me: 'Meyers is a rookie, Meyers isn't as good as Z-Bo."  Meyers Leonard has an important role on the team. He is our only 7 footer. He is our 6th man.
Kobelies247::..
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Leonard didn't play.  Your point?
pdizzle4twizzle::your mother had him tied up this evening
Popitoff_2.0::What is a Clipper fan doing trash talking? Wait, he was a Laker fan before Blake Griffin.
Popitoff_2.0::I often times would have to remember who even played for the Clippers before Blake came along.
Kobelies247::Never a Laker fan! EVER
127decibels::Had to be. There were no clippers fans before Blake Griffin.
127decibels::Crappy Raptors are 8-2 over their last 10.
Kobelies247::LEast i can afford to go to games! Can you?
127decibels::The seat you're sitting in idiot@!?!!!  8-2 reflects how they are playing now son. Now go back and kiss your boyfriend before he leaves you for a less fat man.
pdizzle4twizzle::i can tell you know nothing about basket ball if all you spew out is over all records.
Kobelies247::12-21 idiot!  Go take a seat now...
pdizzle4twizzle::in our defense the raptors have been on a hot roll for a couple weeks now.  not just ptown that lost to them
Kobelies247::whatever you say DB!
drewstevenson1994::i love when the grizzlies lose to absolutely pathetic teams
bshowers79::Proly shouldn't call a team pathetic when they are only 3 games behind you in the wins column
roy2daboy::Neither do I, but when the regular season is over with and those "absolutely pathetic teams" are at home watching the Grizz in post season play, that makes it all up.
pedrobear1::i dont
eazyt_971::is it me or is beating the grizz just a little sweeter now after they hired hollinger?
ChargersBlazers::My fellow blazer fans, do you wanna see this team get another high draft pick or make the playoffs as a 7th or 8th seed?
bshowers79::I, for one, always go for the playoff experience….there is no guarantee that we get anything worthwhile in the draft, but I can guarantee that a 7 game series will develop Lillard like crazy.
Popitoff_2.0::Memphis fans calling this a sure thing. "5-11 on the road. Portland won't win" yadada.   Lillard for ROY! Batum for Most Improved!
Rip City Forever::Good game Memphis way to go blazers!
pedrobear1::good game up until the 4th for Memphis
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yo Lillard, What's up man?
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::WIN!!!
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::The board won't be lively with everyone on the Vikings-Packers game.
Rip City Forever::We shall eat wolves for dinner tomorrow night ;)
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Nice! You ready for the Blazers vs Wolves game tomorrow???!!!
grizzliesfanmt::wish we had zach...
Beaver Believer17::Its a great day to be a Blazer
roy2daboy::Dammit Rudy.  Oh well, I'm still a proud Memphis fan.
DISandDAT6::WOOOOOO GO BLAZERS
zachschub::Haha. Wiseguyway NBA capper does it again. Under baby!!!
mdelver::go suck his dick $@%!$@
BaySports226::BLAZERS!
airic.ad::How many game losing shots has Rudy made in his career?
mandarae0623::ALL
pedrobear1::give me a sec
mdelver::$@% teams
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::RIP CITY UPRISE!!!
Beaver Believer17::WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Portland wins
Lawwwd help::Why not put 5 quick players in memph
roy2daboy::Hopefully, Z-Bo will be ready by the next game.
pedrobear1::Here comes the stupid lob play
Boshingtang::What a shot!
Romapamadora 2.0::BLAZERS!
BaySports226::BLAZERS
Lawwwd help::Conley not an NBA starter
bshowers79::Not necessarily moronic, I like Conley a lot, but he could either be one of the best back-ups (a la Andre Miller currently) or a mediocre starting PG (a la Mario Chalmers currently)
Boogie Down ProductionS::moronic comment
zachschub::Wow- what happened to the scoring? My under will hit unless OT
mdelver::exactly
pedrobear1::Mike was non-existent tonight
redvictor312::Mike you suck
