Seskatchewan::Im afraid that if a team figures a way to lock up Russell, were screwed
oblique15::Crazy, how hes scores so much, with ball hogger Westbrook on the same team.
Rolltide4203::Is it possible to be a ball hog and still be top 5 in the league in assists and put up 9 a game? Idiots. If it wasnt for westbrook passing him the ball and also being such a good scorer, which takes a ton of attention from durant, then his numbers would be worse. I mean seriously if u had a non scoring pg like rondo who they weren't worried about as a scorer it would mean all the attention was on kd.
Thats why I got LifeAlert::Its because Russell's job is to be a scoring point guard. They would not have the best record in the NBA without Mr. Westbrook.
Cultist::Was at the game, Durant cried to the refs the entire time. It was awful to watch someone who I hoped was going to be different from Kobe, Lebron, Melo and Wade but he's not. Every play he turned to the ref and told him how he thought it should be.Thankfully the refs didn't jump in his pocket like so many have before. I hoped he would be the classy superstar to save the game but after watching him in person I can assure you that his character is not something I hope gets passed down to future generations of athletes. That being said, I've never seen someone with that sort of shooting touch, unreal talent.
Rolltide4203::who cares, they cry sometimes because they are fouled. durant gets a ton of calls and westbrook doesnt get many.
Seskatchewan::As a season ticket holder for OKC in Chesapeake Energy, I can assure you that you are incorrect. Players will have their nights when it comes to the refs. Russ "cries" a ton more than Kevin. Wade, Kobe, and anyone else cry a lottttttt more
Cultist::Seems like a typical remark from those educated OKC fans. Think of a response, panic, copy someone else. Probably a Bulls fan in the 90's, lakers in the 00's and now on to the Thunder/Heat (who ever wins I assume). Let me guess, you also like Duke, Brazil soccer, the Patriots, Alabama football, Kings hockey, Tiger Woods/Rory Mccleroy, Obama, the Allies, Daniel LaRuuso in the Karate Kid, Fllyod Mayweather, Shaun White, Rapheal Nadal, Jimmy Johnson, The Might Ducks 1-3, The Yankees The....oh you get it now...quicker than i thought someone from your region could, congrats! EZ..next
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao what an idiot. Cry some more.
Thats why I got LifeAlert::u mad bro?
HoldOnMyHeart::Started using this online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  In my first month of using this betting system, Ive made almost 3K in pure profits.
texrcana24::This is not the platform to tout your betting addiction.  Go elsewhere.
Idris5249::good game Thunder. hopefully my suns can luck out and get future great players like Durant and westbrook. Durant is by far my favorite player, love what he does for his team i would rock his jersey (and no, that doesn't make me a bandwagoner) still a Suns fan but ill be cheering for the Thunder to go all the way. GL OKC
D-Train14-23::AS of Right Now Westbrook and Durant are The BEST COMBO PLAYERS IN THE LEAGUE.... Westbrook is the Best Point Guard as of right now and Nobody is a better Consistent scorer than Durant... Other than the ball hog Kobe Bryant
Qzhoopin20::Durant/Westbrook is definitely the best tandem in the NBA!! BOTH guys, score, pass, rebound, defend, never miss games, and bring 110% EVERY night!! People tend to criticize Russ for his decision-making, but averaging almost 9 assists per game, I'd say he's more than doing his job! One thing I never hear him accused of is taking plays off or games off!!
springfresh3.1::That walk off after the 3 and the poster on the Polish Hammer.....too freaking SMOOTH....KD son!!!!
Idris5249::dude is a beast
D-Train14-23::I kno...
Goldengun3865::Thunder heading out to the West coast soon.  It'll be a tough trip.
oSuCowboyAdam::and PHX lol
jeffg07::How have we not already been on the west coast? Just played in LA and Portland
FORKWDEVIL::I hate my suns but we are closer to draft pick
oSuCowboyAdam::We'll accept you as an OKC fan.. :D   Welcome aboard.
Revolution_Changers::Liggins can play some D. I like OKC's depth this year, a lot of players stepping up this year.
Dean4260::KD's the best player in the game right now. Stats up in every single category. And you can't put a number on his greatest attribute: His incredible will to win. Lucky to watch his every move here in OKC!
bears3409::Just imagine watching Mj for his career.
i-jizz-on-my-left -hand::bledsoe &gt;dragic lol
2LikeABoss6::Great game MVP!
amtrack5::I think Durant has the one thing Lebron lacks, and that Kobe had:  straight up fire.  Lebron just doesn't seem driven by the same things that kats like Kobe, Jordan, and now Durant are driven by.  Durant plays like he wants to be the best ever.  Kobe played like he wanted to be the best ever.  Jordan played like he was the best ever.  Lebron?  He never really played like that.  He wasn't the guy that wanted to always take the final shot, or be G.O.A.T.  I think thats the difference, and why Durant will end up better, and also why Kobe will still end up as better than Lebron.
Diamondbaks-Suns-Sun Devils-Cardinals::As many of you know,I have posted the message "Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwaraanted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
GOAT is spelled Durant::Thanks for the explanation.
Goldengun3865::Aww, you mean you didn't hate the Spurs after they bounced the Suns in 03 and 05?
ThunderHornz::I hated Miami after the finals where they beat Dallas- horrible, horrible officiating- and I am NOT a Mavs fan.  It's one thing to lose but it is different to get robbed.
leex5048::I understand your frustration but why do you think SPURS fans suck? That sounds like a David Stern problem.
leex5048::OKC got the best record in the league!! And this was one of the few games KD was extremely aggressive and finally took more shots than Westbrook
jeffg07::I like it. I love seeing a little attitude out of KD
amtrack5::he's been going off the past few games..not nice at all.  He be glarin at coaches and benches too all up in their house.
ForeverGrapeOKC::KD in video game mode
amtrack5::that is no joke...im lovin the schoolyard ball he's bringin in the games now.
Drunkard....::The fact of the matter is no team in  history has ever won an NBA title without an all-star caliber player in the post.
bears3409::Correct. Bulls won 3 w luc longly
Qzhoopin20::Somebody forgot to tell Jordan &amp; Pippen!!
DaveOK69::Wasn't Luc Longley All-Star caliber?
Dante012087::I informed David Stern and he has given them one week to return their rings
leex5048::Ibaka is way more versitle and talented than Wallace was. Blocks, rebounds, Mid-range game, even seen him hit about 5 three's this season, good FT%, can defend guards.
Epicurusxm::Wallace won Defensive POY 4 times, which was based upon his versatile guarding ability, shot blocking, and rebounding. Ibaka is definitely way better on offense, which is basically what I stated in the first place.
leex5048::The Heat just won the NBA title. Battier and LBJ were playing the 4 and Bosh the 5. Neither of those guys are elite post players. The Pistons also won it with Billups. Who was their all-star caliber offensive post presence? Ben Wallace? def wasn't imma take a 3 and get a tech if I miss Rasheed Wallace
Epicurusxm::Ben Wallace was basically what Ibaka is, but Wallace couldn't shoot at all.
amtrack5::its a different game now.  Bottom line is there are very few dominant big men..and most of them on "okay" teams.  Not denying some tough half-court defenses, but an all-star post isnt really required anymore.. Not in this league anyway.
Epicurusxm::He does his defending in the post, otherwise he relies on being a spot up shooter as of this season to get more than 10+ points.
Gods illa::I think ibaka is an all star caliber player
Drunkard....::Close, but he needs to become definitive if they want to win it all. History doesn't lie.
esstea23::I hate ESPN. Lebron losing is there top story right now, not any other team winning. ESPN thinks they can control what the big story it... They're so out of touch.
esstea23::It doesn't even have to be OKC beating PHO. The fact that they think LeBron losing, not even really the Heat, just LeBron, is more important to people than any other story in sports for tonight shows how out of touch they are. They aren't sports news anymore, they're more like TMZ mixed with FOXNEWS. Know what I mean?
Epicurusxm::Well, OKC beating Phoenix isn't exactly a great headline, it's expected. The Heat continuing to struggle and a loss to Utah, that grabs attention. However, the bigger story in my mind is LAC beating down Memphis, without having CP3 in the lineup.
Epicurusxm::And his team lost by 20+ when he wasn't in the line up. What more evidence do you need? He may not shoot a great percentage, but he is their best scorer. I saw he played well against the Clippers, and put those 2 together. By the way, Kevin Durant does average more shots than Rudy Gay. Pretty easily researched statistic. Durant is just better.
the 1racer::Rudy gay always gets his points because he jacks up a shot every time he gets the ball. if durant shot as much as gay he would average 35 or something ridiculous. and im not even a thunder fan. you just look at the stat line and see ponts and assume hes a beast. why do you think he is on the trade block? because he is an overpaid inefficient player. fool.
Epicurusxm::Rudy Gay had 25 against the Clippers in LA. You think they may have wanted those points tonight? Fool.
the 1racer::rudy gay sucks
Epicurusxm::It seems Rudy Gay didn't play for Memphis either. That may have accounted for the beat down.
Koballhog::u trust in Reggie Jackson? the worst player in the league
leex5048::I am an OKC an but Reggie Jackson hasn't done anything right this season. I miss D.fish. I am just hoping Maynor starts to play better and get healthy
Epicurusxm::Eric Maynor is on his team and has been taken out of the rotation b/c he's played so horribly. If he's better than a teammate, he's not the worst by far.
thunder.up.MFs::as good as Liggins and Reggie were last night, not so great tonight.
leex5048::Reggie Jackson is never good
Epicurusxm::That will happen with young players. Different teams offer different match ups, and players with less experience can't always make those changes in a back to back game. Or perhaps they were just tired, Liggins especially, he was cramping during the Portland game.
thunder.up.MFs::yeah, I just don't think I trust them for the playoffs. and Hash had four turnovers
DISGORGY::Can't wait to see the west annihilate the Heat.  Sweep those punks.
Epicurusxm::If the Heat keep playing so inconsistently in big moments, they better make sure they get out of the east, before worrying about the west.
AndrewOKC::Anyone else interested in seeing where his #1 pick from Toronto goes?  A lot of people seem quick to trade it.
rbmw263::In a game the Jazz won, and were up 21, ESPN only showed one Jazz highlight.    Get off Miami's dick ESPN!!
dirkaqs41::I think the thunder should be concerned with how poorly the ball gets moved. its not like the other players on their roster are bad shooters and come playoff time they are gonna need production from more than KD and Westbrook.
jeffg07::Last I checked they have the best record and 30 wins already. I think they r ok
amtrack5::Go with the flow of the game.  If your other guys aren't shooting well, you got it ride the hot hand.  And frankly, Westbrook and especially Durant in the 4th were smokin.  The two-man game was great tonight off the screen and rolls, so I'm not sure why you think ball movement is an issue.   Especially when they kicked it out 4 times off of off. rebounds for 3 point buckets.  Ball movement was great imo.  It just so happened that KD/Westbrook took the most shots.  But it doesn't matter who shoots it, as long as the ball moves and its a good look.
Rolltide4203::also they didnt have ibaka tonight who is averaging 15. Martin 15.5 i think
Rolltide4203::yeah lets worry about the team who is the most efficient offensive team in the league. the ball moves fine but when u have two of the very best scorers then let them do what they do
dirkaqs41::Idk from what ive seen this appears to happen in the majority of games the Thunder play in. KD should have carte blanche to not pass up a shot he feels he can make but the trouble is that there isnt a shot he cant make and im not saying hes a selfish player by any means but when youre under duress you are gona do what u know and they better know how to move the ball
Epicurusxm::This game isn't exactly normal for Durant. Ask all the people and analysts that bash Westbrook. The knock most of them have every time the Thunder lose or look bad is that Westbrook took more shots than Durant.
Qzhoopin20::Some games you gotta just let the big dogs roll. If your 2 stars shoot 29 for 54, I say "keep shooting"!!
DISGORGY::Bet Harden is regretting his decision.  Yeah you're the man...in nowheresville.  Enjoy that 15th seed.  You could've won multiple champ's then bolted.  You said I'd rather bolt and not make the playoffs.  Now everyone will know the beard can put up 30 instead of 21.  In a losing effort.  For nothing.  I would rather be wearing seven rings than in the spotlight.  Robert Horry.
Rolltide4203::No I think the rockets get the 7 seed and have a chance to beat the spurs or clippers
jeffg07::There is a diffrence between a playoff team and a championship team. And the Rockets are and never will be a championship team. Mean while OKC is the best team in the NBA and is getting very close
paris.buchanan27::Harden needed his own team were he started.
Rolltide4203::well they arent the 15 seed, they are a playoff team.
DISGORGY::Lakers get back Howard and Gasol and Blake.  I think they make the playoffs.  So you're saying Houston  squeaks in as the 8th seed only to be swept by 1.  I'd say that's even worse than not making the playoffs.  You just mess up your draft and next season for the privilege of being swept.  But I'm sure Harden will score 30 in each of the 4 losses, while looking up at the scoreboard showing OKC dominating into the ring round.
DISGORGY::Harden was the stud who would sacrifice and come off the bench for his team.  There's apparently no such thing.  Great trade by OKC.
amtrack5::Manu Ginobli is one. But you're right..very few guys will do that.  I thought he'd be like Manu and take less money but i guess he always wanted the big $$.  He deserves it but..its a shame winning wasnt more important to him.
DISGORGY::How much is a ring or two worth?  Plus endorsements?  Plus the celebrity of being in a deep playoff push?  Ain't happening in Houston.
Epicurusxm::Harden and Westbrook were doing commercials together. Has Harden been in one since the trade? Not that I've seen.
TFUID IX::It was Harden's choice, and I don't blame him for that. I actually think that we got the better end of the deal getting Martin, Lamb, and 2 first-round draft picks.  But if I'm in his position, I'd take winning multiple rings over an extra 25 million.
Gods illa::It wasnt hardens choice that trade was dropped on his head
AndrewOKC::Very Very True.  That trade is very underrated.  One Kmart completely comes out of this slump, it will show. (still scoring 15pts/gm)
DISGORGY::Amen.  OKC's mgmt gets an A+.  Better to have Ibaka than Harden.
thunderguy80::Harden is only making $800,000 more a yr to not win a ring
-Td4mvp3 -::well hes sleeping in money tonight so Im sure he could care less
DISGORGY::If I'm in the NBA, I'm sleeping in $.  My goal is to get a ring.
zinkerled::This Suns team will never improve.  No stars are going to play for them after seeing Sarver refuse to pay for the talent they needed for a title when they had Nash.
-Td4mvp3 -::C'mon Timmy....Let's see the shimmy!...year of the spur! ;)
Qzhoopin20::It's the people that listen to Skip Bayless as if he knew what the hell he was talking about with basketball, that continue to bash Westbrook. But I wish people had heard Robert Horry &amp; James Worthy talk in very positive light about Russ last week on the Lakers studio show. Horry said "yeah he takes some crazy shots sometimes, but 3 or 4 of those a game don't hurt the Thunder...and even though his FG% is 41% you better not dare double off him"!
Rolltide4203::this guy and these other people dont watch the game nor do they make their own opinions. They listen to one idiot like skip bayless and mimic him. Only a fool would pretend westbrook isnt one of the top few players in the league.
Rolltide4203::I couldnt possibly disagree more. He is putting up 9 assists, thats pretty good facilitating. They are so good when he is attacking the goal. I dont want sefolosha shooting 10 times or perkins shooting any, I want westbrook and durant to shoot a lot and when martin and ibaka are open get it to them which he does, all the time. He hits ibaka constantly and because of his passing ibaka his having a very good year. He gets him great looks all game
bears3409::I don't disagree w his skill talent and stats but this team needs him to b more of a facilitator. This is a great team especially when isn't shooting 20x a game
Qzhoopin20::8.5 assists per game - and the Thunder's 30-8 record - tells me that Russ is scoring AND facilitating just fine!!
Rolltide4203::lol yall are so dumb. He is awesome. There is no reason to talk negatively about him
SMANGANG::3 or 4 crazy shots a game? you don't watch okc games.. he shoots at-least 10 a game...
Qzhoopin20::Those crazy shots used to be turnovers! At least a bad shot still gives you a chance for an off. reb.
-Td4mvp3 -::nobody cares
TFUID IX::Says the Spurs troll.
-Td4mvp3 -::GOOOO SPURS!!!!!!!! ;)
TFUID IX::Despite the fact that Westbrook has only been playing PG for 5 years, he still averages 9 assists per game at that position.
Rolltide4203::he meant he hasnt been playing the position that long, it was a compliment. westbrook is an insane all around player. 6th in scoring, 3rd in steals, 5th in assists, 1st among pgs in rebounding and offensive rebounding, first among pgs in free throws made and taken. And 2nd among pgs in PER and Estimated wins added or EWA
paulpiercepiru::what does that mean? only 3 pgs in the league average 9 assists
thunder.up.MFs::Trolls can't say sh*t tonight. Sorry trolls.
DISGORGY::To say Westbrook is Luke Ridnour without Durant is to be blind to Westbrook's skill.  There's a reason OKC locked up Durant, Westbrook, and Ibaka, while letting Harden walk....for Kevin Martin+.    Only wish my Bullets had half the mgmt that OKC has.
Rolltide4203::westbrook is easily a top 5 player.. Hes 3rd in my book.
DISGORGY::Agreed.  And didn't Coach K have Westbrook on the Olympic team?
Qzhoopin20::There's also a reason the NBA coaches &amp; players have voted Westbrook as 2nd team All-NBA for 2 years running....even though the guy didn't start playing PG til his 2nd year at UCLA
Matthew Borba::As OKC fans, we have to realize most the Westbrook hate comes from opposing teams' fans. And people hate players that are great; therefore, all the hate coming from opposing teams' fans should be taken as a compliment, as they are acknowledging just how great of a player he his.
Rolltide4203::He also is 3rd in steals and first at getting to the free throw line among pgs, not to mention his PER is 2nd among pgs.
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::and over exaggeration how  good a player is usually comes from fans of the team
thunderguy80::your name explains everything....troll
bears3409::He has to adapt to his team which he is unwilling to do
Qzhoopin20::Forget about Russ as a scorer...how can a guy be the NBA's best rebounding PG and 4th best assist PG if he's unwilling to play within the team concept??....not to mention OKC's 30-8 record!!
bears3409::After the ASG. suns will avg 7k for home games. Biggest bandwagon city ever
4 Petes Sake::Night trolls and OKC fans.  Gotta contribute to society tomorrow.  SMANG, the sooner you except Russ as a dominant player, the happier youll be.
SMANGANG::ACCEPT***  and i do accept him as dominate.. dominate in shooting bricks!!!
jusbone::**dominant............****dominant
thunderguy80::later Pete...c ya wed
twasbury::I always say this when people start to hate on Westbrook. He will lose the Thunder games from time to time, that's a given, but he can and has won the Thunder playoff series as well. Have to take the bad with the amazing. As he gets older, the bad will start to fall off and hopefully the amazing will stay.
Rolltide4203::It does lead to open dunks and wide open jumpers. He gets the ball to ibaka martin collison and durant all the time. Thats the reason hes been one of the top few passers in the league this year.
bears3409::There r others on the floor. He gets in the lane at will. That should lead 2 open dunks and wide open jumpers.  He thinks he is playing for the bulls where the need rose 2 score.
twasbury::I don't agree with that. Everyone says Westbrook should shoot less and Durant should shoot more, but when Durant wants the ball he asks for it and gets it. He rarely does though, he likes to pace himself and play off of Westbrook wearing down the defenses.
bears3409::He has to adapt to his team which he is unwilling to do
thunder.up.MFs::I still can't get over the poster man
thunder.up.MFs::http://www.cbssports.com/nba/blog/eye-on-basketball/21555821/video-kevin-durant-hammers-on-marcin-gortat
Bevonator69::You know what's almost as good as an OKC win? A Miami loss.
arizonasportsman::Heat suck :)
RainingDimes::Only team in the West that can eliminate the Thunder is the Grizzlies.
Rolltide4203::what about curry could u possibly like over westbrook? I like curry fine but there isnt a case to be made.
Rolltide4203::I love the warriors. I think they are tougher than the clips in a series.
SMANGANG::of course.. curry &gt;&gt;&gt; westbrick
Dante012087::Don't sleep on the Clippers or spurs
Rolltide4203::dont you have to do first take in the morning skip?
SMANGANG::only person who can eliminate the thunder is on the thunder... guess who!!!!
SMANGANG::If Rondo was on okc.. he would average 15+ assists a game.. and durant easily 35+ points a game with higher fg%!!!..
Rolltide4203::he would average the same, and durant would average the same. He creates his shots, but russ gets him a lot of good shots. Durant can shoot as much as he chooses to but is shooting less this year to work on an all around game. If they replaced rondo and westbrook, the thunder would fall big time and celtics would get much better
Rolltide4203::you mean the reason he does
Rolltide4203::dumb.
ironklad82::I hate Rondo, but I agree with your analysis!
Maniacpkt::i don't want Rondo any where near the Thunder, dude is crazy
SMANGANG::Durant just won't come out and say it.. he's not that type of person.. but he is thinking it.. westbrick will be the reason he won't win a chip!!!
4 Petes Sake::No thank you
4 Petes Sake::SMANGANG  Go to sleep.  Youre sleep deprived.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Hayward destroyed Allen with that behind the back step back
Mr Viz::THE WHITE MOMBA, who also looks 12
TFUID IX::Last year in the Finals Durant averaged 31 points per game on 55% shooting.  He's been there before, and will be 50x more motivated to win it this year.  Sorry NBA.
arizonasportsman::Heat  gonna be a dynasty?
thunderguy80::LMFAO
4 Petes Sake::I'll agree that CP3 is AS GOOD as Russ.
Rolltide4203::same here. I love cp3 but russ is unreal
arizonasportsman::I'll take Russ over CP.
4 Petes Sake::me too
4 Petes Sake::Different PG's though.
thunderguy80::just left a comment on the Heat board...was orgina....funny...got alot of likes...mission acomplished
RainingDimes::Ego boost accomplished**
Mr Viz::Dude, you should be on twitter
4 Petes Sake::Is Curry a PG??  Isnt he a SG???
Rolltide4203::in now days age, everyone who shoots more than 15 times cant be a pg according to idiots, Its so ignorant that we put pgs in a box and call them shooting guards because they can score.
ForeverGrapeOKC::KD 2013 NBA MVP  Please believe it
James Harden 3 point Celebration::i do i do i do!!
arizonasportsman::Suns couldn't fall to a better team :)
ChilamBilam12::classy comment bro.. the Suns will get there, they are just a couple pieces out from solid contention
Dante012087::Maybe even sooner depending on how the lakers season goes
Mr Viz::If the Suns had a superstar with who they have now, they would be beastly.
