Willie Woodberry::It's gonna be hard for Kendrick Perkins to follow up his monster stats from last night... 1 point, 1 rebound, 1 block. But if anyone can do it, he can.
Adam Youman::he topped it with a crucial turnover in the final minute of the game
Brian Hauenstein::To all the idiots who say Portlands wins have been because okc and Indiana were on second of back to backs, that shouldn't be an excuse. Portland was also on a latter night back to back against Indiana and are 10-0 on back to backs. Make no excuses
Patrick Martin::Boooom!!!!  Exactly.
Casey Decker::What this game's really gonna come down to is which team can score more points by the end of the 4th quarter. If they score the same amount of points, the key to victory will be scoring more points than the other team in overtime.
Robert Horn::An absolutely brilliant point. haha
Matt Torres::Thank you Bob Knight
William Cooper::Expert analysis.
John Luttrell::At first we could only beat the bottom feeders, then we beat some decent teams on the road, then Indiana and OKC rolled into town and we whupped up on them and people still don't believe. It aint LA or NY or Miami thank God...it's Portland...a small market town with a team that wins as a team. How refreshing.
Matt Borba::"a small market town with a team that wins as a team. How refreshing."  You mean what OKC has been doing for a couple years?
Çarlos Ismaël Pérez-Tort::Teams on b2b. When they win on the road AT those teams they beat on a b2b I'll believe.
Meron Foto::Çarlos Ismaël Pérez-Tort  Are you actually gonna bring up back to back game excuse?? Seriously??
Matthan Schrock::Oh man... watching Westbrook punk out by fake limping after Wesley Matthews forced him to cough it up would have been funny normally, but watching him do it after calling out Lillard in the first half... priceless :P
Matthan Schrock::Lillard +15 Westbrook -11
Dick Sherm::LaMarcus should get strong MVP consideration if Portland finishes top 4 in the west. I mean, averaging 23 and almost 19 boards. Guy is an automatic beast. I always see Tony Parker in MVP talks and Aldridge is doing a helluva lot more than him.
Dick Sherm::10* not 19 boards
Latece K Christmon::OKC bench: 6 players/22 points POR bench: 4 players/12 points  OKC 3pt 3-6 POR 3pt 3-11  OKC 11 personal fouls POR 10 personal fouls  OKC 15 fast-break points POR 2   fast-break points  OKC 30 points in the paint POR 22 points in the paint  Please tell how me the refs are going against the Blazers?  Please tell me how these stats are suppose to be in the Blazers favor?
Brandon Tigues::probably cus the blazers have 6 fts and kevin durant has 5 himself
Aron Zoltan Laszik::tell me the shots durant has taken at the line aren't bull, and actually mean it
Latece K Christmon::Brandon Tigues Or maybe the Blazers take 3-11 3 pointers instead of driving.....  You have not facts.
James MacPherson::I love that people seem to think that Westbrook is great and Lillard is average.  They average the same amount of points.  Lillard shoots a higher percentage from 3's, fg's, and FT.  Also averages more assists.  and less T.Os.  Not saying Lillard is a better player but the stats don't lie!
Ayn Bland::Where does Westbrook's defense imploding penetration appear in the stats?
Latece K Christmon::Ayn Bland I notice people only talk about one side of the ball these days.  Westbrook is vastly superior in defense over Lillard.
Don Layton::Latece K Christmon Last year yes. This year - he edges him. Lillard has picked it up. Lillard is also a vastly better 3 point and FT shooter. This is closer than some people want to think. And Lillard has 1 year of experience. Westbrook has what - 5?
Roderick Marshall::OKC is a tough team, but Portland will get another win. Go Blazers!!!
Paul Miller::LOL westbrook thought he could just fall over and they'd bail him out but they didn't
Isaac Vern Henderson::People keep saying the blazers haven't played anyone good, but they have a higher SOS than the Heat, Rockets, & Pacers. They've played 9 teams over .500 and are 6-3 in those games. While the Heat have played 4 teams over .500 and the pacers 5. They're also played the max games in the league. they may not have an impressive point differential but they find ways to win games and all the only stat that really matters in win percentage. The Blazers are for real. If you would like to know a team that hasn't played anyone this year it's the Heat, they have the easiest SOS of any team in the league as of today the teams they've played are a combined .438 win percentage.
Don Layton::One of the biggest surprises so far is that Portland has the best road record in the NBA. I don't care who you play - a road win is a great win. Blazers are 8-2 on the road. BUUUUUTTTTT, this is a home game.
Mark Randy Myers::Issac this isn'r college, drop the SOS bs.
Don Layton::Mark Randy Myers Why? The point's just as valid. If not, you're telling me a win against Utah is just as good as a win against Miami or OKC.
Amanda Perry::Anyone want to argue Lillard over Westbrook check this out http://insider.espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/statistics  You will find lillard on the first page and westbrook on the second page. Any other argument? Oh by the way what is even funnier Lillard is in his second Year and westbrook has been here for five years.
Don Layton::Sekou Garrett Great comeback. But you should have called him a big dummy face.
Amanda Perry::Sekou Garrett Not me Hollinger thinks that. Do you not believe him? Check out the stats man! What are you missing give me actual reasons why he is better? And back that up with stats and proof,
Fiti Bear::Sekou Garrett  if you think Wesbtrook is better than Lillard your Fool
Mitchell Walker::RIPCITY BABY!!!! This season we are rolling in the nw division!!! and our bench is improved!!! lol solid 6th man and couple key roll player veterans!!!
Adam Youman::your bench is still lousy tbh....but the starters make up for it quite nicely. however i think the thunder should get the division and even the conference this year again. regardless of this game
Sean Ryan::Adam Youman, you say the blazers bench is still lousy? wtf does that make the thunder outside of durant and me first westbrook? you have no idea what youre talking about.
Brian G. McKenney::Uh...the Thunder have a little more than just Westbrook and Durant. Theres something happening over there on that OKC bench...I'm seeing a stock pile of talent with Lamb, Jackson, Adams, and Jones. Anybody who watches closely knows what I'm talking about. All 4 are extremely long for their position, have fluid offensive games, and give good effort on defense. I don't know about this year, and dont get me wrong the season Is still young and it appears there still trying to mesh, but I would say buy this time next year people are going to be looking at the Thunder a little differently. I know that doesn't make up for the loss last night but by March it just might.
Latece K Christmon::Blazer fans can't blame the refs.  The Blazers were getting their shots swatted and they responded by fouling.  Can't play that way against the Thunder.
Reginald Park::+1
Adam Youman::iBLOCKa
Paul Miller::We're not blaming anybody, we won
Tyler Moss::Lillard Westbrook matchup at the Rose Garden. Gonna be epic. Go Blazers!!!!
Tyler Moss::Rivals for years to come
Vladimir Tsalyuk::except lilard isn't even half the player of westbrook. Difference of great vs average
Jeffery Phillips::Vladimir Tsalyuk Go home, you're drunk.
Russell Bradford::Lmao! When Batum hit that shot , Wheels says." OOOOHH Nicholas!!!!!...How could you?!!! Good game callin.
Travis Burrow::No matter who wins this, I wouldn't mind watching these two teams playing 7 games in the postseason...
Tommy Romeo::If Portland is in the postseason I won't watch because that's an embarrassment to the league.
Travis Burrow::Then tommy it looks like the NBA will really miss the one viewer because Portland is looking real good right now
Robbie Freece::What's with all these eastern conference NBA fans saying patently ridiculous things about the Blazers despite their record full of statement wins? I can't wait to go to New York for Christmas and listen to all the hilarious excuses from Knicks and Nets fans.
Brian Ravagni::It took Westbrook a couple years in the league to become as good a player as Lillard was in his rookie season.
Meron Foto::LOL---- Look at Westbrooks trying to punk Lillard. He ain't gonna back down!!!
Tommy Romeo::Ibaka is the most overrated player in the league.  Gets owned by everybody.
Eric Witt::Analysts want the Blazers to prove they can beat the West's playoff teams, here's another chance to prove they're for real. Warriors, Spurs, Nuggets down... Bring the Thunder! This is going to be a good one!
Treyvon Carter::LA definitely should be in the MVP  race
Tommy Romeo::He's not good...
Sheena Chezik Davies::Tommy Romeo 38 and 14 says otherwise.
Tommy Romeo::Sheena Chezik Davies Against a team that doesn't play defense.  Ibaka isn't even a professional player.
Zack Schooler::Good luck to the Blazers fans going forward! Looking forward to the rematch against the Pacers.
Don Layton::To you guys too.
Cody Palmer::Another big game against another good team! Let's win this one, Blazers! #RipCity
Tyler Moss::That's right Cody! If we can beat the Pacers we can beat anyone. This game against OKC is gonna be electric!
Adam Youman::Tyler Moss woah woah woah. Pacers havent played OKC so we dont really know whos better. The thunder on a huge streak this should be a tough win for either side
Fiti Bear::Adam Youman  but now you know Blazers are the best NBA team ha !!
Jeremy Edson::Westbrook is a freak athlete, but a terrible point guard. Switching Matthews on him was a great defensive move to begin with in the 3rd, but when Westbrook got bigheaded and started jacking up bricks to prove he was the man was just icing on the cake. The difference between Lillard and Westbrook is that if Lilliard had  arguably the best scorer in the game (Durant) on his team, he would not be jacking up contested jumpers, he would be finding a way to get his guy the ball every chance he could,like he did with Aldridge tonight, or working within the offense to get his. Lillard is proving to be a true point guard whereas Westbrook is a black hole on offense who would be playing SG is he wasn't 6'3, yes he will have big games, but he shoots entirely to much for being a 2nd option on his team. don't get me wrong he's a great 2nd option, and a handful for anyone strait up defensively, but Durant is automatic and should never disappear from a game because he's not touching the ball.. and there were multiple possessions where he was not even looked at. Defensively Lillard still needs to grow, and he has since last year but he is not the athlete that Westbrook obviously is. and still has a lot of room for improvement, but when the wings are locking people down that's okay for now, even so Westbrook was 7-17 tonight and we got the W,  I'll take a smart point guard over a better athlete every time.  Thankful biased portland fan.
