EdHart81::The clippers are going to get rocked by the thunder tonight guaranteed! ricky guarantees it and tells u how to bet it and also offers a sick preview for u here!  http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/the-best-nba-betting-advise-on-the-web-for-thunder-at-clippers/
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/04/sports-blogette-audio-edition-episode-1.html  LeBron James is now wearing a double headband... Andrew Bynum shooting three pointers now? Listen/watch now!!!
damn334::blake griffin was so sick last night his dunks were just crazy active http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF4QyjJNuXo&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
scottthomas1965::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
imakeumoneyforfree2::6 straight winning days!! just on fire and im doing it for free !!!! check this out......http://frankwhitesportsny.blogspot.com/  every play posted and verified i dont just say like scumbag handicappers claim on here ! i prove it ! p2p4u spread the word !
CoreyBlair31::What is up with Lebron James double headband? And Andrew Bynum shooting three pointers???  http://youtu.be/-KORdoKbUzc
BallsMahonee::A horse walks into a bar.    The bartender asks the horse what it would like to drink. The horse is confused by its surroundings. The horse does not understand human speech and is startled by the bartenders inquiry.
3PeatKB24::Shouldve offered him grass ;)
DannyBoyForReal::Amazing how good the Lakers are with Kobrick riding the pine.
Rice chex with sugar::hahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahahahah oh ignorance
3PeatKB24::I am waiting for Danny to pull the Rape card eventhough Kobe didnt do that and it didnt go to trial but he did cheat on his wife 10 YEARS AGO which almost all athletes do anyway.
3PeatKB24::Here we go - LOL.
BallsMahonee::Why does Lebron always work the day shift at Target? Because he hates to close.
gnosticat::GS was missing their Top 4 Players, and Clippers barely won...  as pathetic as it gets...
sly86921::Haha u want more excuses to whine. They won. They r on the verge of a playoff berth. U say pathetic. Does that mean the thunder and heat and spurs and lakers r pathetic cuz they lost to the clippers?
3PeatKB24::I like Curry and Lee.
Rice chex with sugar::in nba 2k 12, dirk is good af!
3PeatKB24::For 3!
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::lebron lost all credibility by talking to Jason terry and Steve Nash about recruiting them.
Giant49erWarriorFan::Go Warriors!
vandeman34::lol for sure
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Next year the warriors are looking good.
3PeatKB24::It just amazes me how a team with LeBron, Wade, Bosh, Haslem, Chalmers could lose a damn game and they choked last yr and they dont look so great now??
Rice chex with sugar::thats why i think lebron is not even in a discussion with kobe.. and i give dirk so much credit
3PeatKB24::If Kobe and Wade played together it would be over every yr, Wade could be Point or Kobe and both play shooting Gd's. Big's are critical as well but Miami has Bosh and Haslem.
BallsMahonee::Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh are taking CPR classes this summer, just in case LeBron chokes again next season.
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::LOL
mrkennedy23::Last 10 seconds of the game:  "What should I do?"
BallsMahonee::How do you know when you found Lebron's cell phone? It vibrates and recieves calls but it doesn't have any rings .
Rice chex with sugar::u cant let lebron borrow a dollar from you because he will only give you 3 quarters back
3PeatKB24::All stuff aside I think LeBron is great but he is not Jordan or KOBE or MAGIC, that is what gets on my nerves but LeBron lovers say he's the best - annoying and wrong.
BallsMahonee::LeBron opened up a pizza shop, but it quickly closed down because he wouldn't deliver.
Rice chex with sugar::lebron cant be president because he will quit after 3 years
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::A black dog just took a crap in my yard.  It's lebrons fault.
BallsMahonee::Tomorrow is Lebron James day. Everyone gets to leave work 12 minutes early.
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::I am about to write a book about myself.  But I don't have a title.  -Lebron James
mrkennedy23::Also, I need a ghost writer because I don't understand big words like contraction.  -Lebron James.
Rice chex with sugar::lebron went south, but his mom went west
BallsMahonee::Post your favorite Lebron jokes :)
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::It's funny how we are having a great conversation about Anthony Davis and then all of a sudden a Lebron slurper posts false stats about why Lebron is better than Kobe.  LOL
Rice chex with sugar::ignorant lebron fans
Rice chex with sugar::lebron puts up great stats and thats it, he crumbles under pressure we all know that, and he isnt a winner, like kobe, jordan,etc
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Those are some dumb false facts about Lebron having more MVPs than Kobe.  Kobe 3 MVPs  Lebron 2 MVPs  Now shut it.
3PeatKB24::Jordan won MVP in 88 and they werent close to having the best record and Kobe's numbers are similar to Jordan's  06 vs 88, very close and Kobe actually had 4 60 Point games + an 81 point game, Kobe got jipped in 06.
3PeatKB24::Kobe imo shouldve won MVP in 06. He had 1 of the best of 5 Regular Seasons ever and the Lakers had a winning record rebuilding but it is what it is. He has 2 Finals MVP's.
mrkennedy23::Yep.  If anything Kevin Love should've gotten the MVP last year just because of his crazy stats.
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Yeah but in order to get the MVP now days you have to have the best record.
mrkennedy23::Lebron's a great player without question, but he is still a mental midget who's scared to take the shot in the end.
Rice chex with sugar::lebron cant win with 2 all stars, stop suckin his balls fanboy
3PeatKB24::Right on.
3PeatKB24::Finally a #1 pick that is coming out that can be a dominant player = Anthony Davis. They rarely come out? Tim Duncan 98 season, 97 draft? Like Andrew Luck in football, not since Peyton has a #1 pick had so much upside and dominance that was a 98 season as well - LOL. Durant went #2 because Portland picked 1st if you know what I mean! Notice I left LeBron off in 2003 :)
3PeatKB24::Danny lay off the booze or whatever? Kobe has 5 Titles and 2 without Shaq, LeBron cant even win with Wade and Bosh. Pressure is on this yr - LMAO. and they wont win again because there are 3 teams in the West that can beat the Heat and Chicago is better. How is that though? I thought LeBron was the best player in the league and Wade was second when they joined, Kobe is just a chuck shooting brick artist right?
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Btw Lebron took scrubs to the finals and got swept. Kobe took the lakers without Bynum and ariza to the finals in 2008. At least it was 4-2
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::It doesn't matter. Lebron had a stacked team last year. Why didn't he win?
DannyBoyForReal::Who on Lebron's team was even close to Gasol? And who was coaching Lebron again?
Rice chex with sugar::kobe has been robbed mutliple times of the mvp award
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Exactly mrkennedy
mrkennedy23::He can't be MVP if his team had a losing record back then...
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Yes really. You honestly think Nash is a 2 time MVP?   Kobe averaged 30+ points those two years.
DannyBoyForReal::REally???
DannyBoyForReal::Because your a Lebron hating Kobe lover. Fact Lebron 2 MVPs in half the time kobe took to get 1. Fact Lebron took scrubs to the finals while kobe complained when he had scrubs. Fact Lebron will more than likely get his 3rd MVP this year while kobe shoots his team out of games and we see how good the Lakers are playing without him. Lebron is a beast and only an unobjective woman like kobe fanboytard says the opposite
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Why didn't Lebron win it last year then?
DannyBoyForReal::Kobe = got to play with Shaq, Bynum, Gasol, &amp; for Phil  Lebron = got to play with Drew gooden, Varejao, Moe Williams, &amp; for Mike Brown  Hmmm maybe if they trade places, kobe still has 5 rings... or not LOL
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Kobe has more MVPs than Lebron...what's your point again?
Rice chex with sugar::im skeptical of anthony davis success in the pros
mrkennedy23::No way.  Davis is too athletic to be a Hasheem Thabeet.
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Idk hell prolly just be another hasheem thabeet
chinapanzer::On the bright side, we're one step closer to that coveted bottom 7 slot.   Too bad NJ lost tonight.
Bookiebreaker48::is it 62 or 72 games dis season?
3PeatKB24::66-0
Rice chex with sugar::pretty sure
Bookiebreaker48::thnx
Rice chex with sugar::62 or less
Rice chex with sugar::i think that dirks overall play off perforance was the best we have seen in along time, he completely dominated and put the team on his back... im a laker fan and i still have so much respect for him
Rice chex with sugar::exactly
Rice chex with sugar::yah he deserved it alot more than those a$$HOLES in miami, pissed me off when they were making fun of his cough
3PeatKB24::Yeah, Wade always had a great attitude imo and I always liked him but when LeBron joined their team he changed.
3PeatKB24::Yeah me too. His performance last yr was alot like Wade's in 06 and Kobe's in 09 going by recent history.  I am happy Dirk got his Ring.
Solon_da_ruler::These highlights sucked. Not a single Warriors clip.
3PeatKB24::Where's Curry been? No Lee either.
Rice chex with sugar::chauncey billups hall of fame? comment..
Rice chex with sugar::yes spurs cannot match up with the lakers size at all, get out rebounded... ben wallace was good on the pistons to wasnt he?
3PeatKB24::Billups was the best player on that 2004 team imo. He destroyed the Lakers.
HateBrass::Hell naw!  Not a chance and I'm a Detroit fan! First he was a first round pick that played for four teams before he ever did anythig in Detroit. Then he left to go to Denver, who traded him to NY who traded him to LA.  Billups has been a big choke in the playoffs his entire career. Example, in 2004 when he won his title, was great against Milwaukee, average against New jersey and decent against Indiana and great against LA.  This is the same guy who struggled in the playoffs against scrubs like Jamaal Tinlsey (2004), Eric Snow (2006), an old Gary Payton and a has been jason Williams in 2006, and was embarrassed by $@%!$@ Gibson in 2007 and Ranjo Rondo in 2008.  The best player on Detroit during that time was Rip Hamilton and Billups was the most overrated and the reason Detroit didn't win another.  Every team he plays for sees him settle for threes, plays weak defense and how inconsistent he is. That's why he keeps getting traded.
Rice chex with sugar::ya clippers have no chance of a title, i think the lakers have a good chance cuz of there championship experience, and OKC
3PeatKB24::I predict OKC/Lakers in the Conf Finals if OKC and the Lakers dont get paired up in Round 2. To me they are the 2 best teams in the West. The Spurs just cant match the Lakers size.
Rice chex with sugar::i think so too cuz i mean anyone with a finals mvp on there record is a HOF
3PeatKB24::That was a huge loss for Clippers Nation imo. When he went down my thought was the Clippers chances went out the window this yr. They are still good but not OKC, SAS, Lakers or Memphis good. When the Mavs let Chandler and Barea go I knew they would struggle this yr as well. They both killed the Lakers last yr.
3PeatKB24::Yea, I think so. Had the Clippers had him I think they would have a chance to win it all. They would be right there with OKC, SAS, and the Lakers imo.
HateBrass::Didn't I hear the coacky Mark Jackson GUARANTEE a playoff berth this year? He will lose about 45 games this year in a 66 game season. I remember how folks bragged about how great a basketball mind he was and how he was a coach on the floor.  Well in 4 years of college ball and nearly 17 years in the NBA, I don't ever recall him winning  a title or being a star to carry a team.  His coaching is just like his playing career-horrible.
3PeatKB24::Kobe will be fresh going into the playoffs = 6th Title, Lakers over Bulls in 6.
buhbuhballin::Golden State needs new management.  To name a few ex warriors players who GSW gave up on:  Mike Dunleavy is balling. Anthony Randolph is balling. Brandan Wrgiht is balling.
arservando@sbcglobal.net::I love it , Lamar coming back home to become a Clipper.... Laker fans will be #@$@%^$ their pants when that happens. Billups, Paul, Griffin, Jordan, and Odom.... just go ahead and give us the trophy!!!!!!
3PeatKB24::What was dumb about it? Lakers beat the Clippers and the 4 teams I named are better. Most would agree.
3PeatKB24::Not really LO is done and the Lakers just whipped the Clippers last week! Clippers are 1 and out this yr as OKC, SAS, Lakers, and Memphis are easily the 4 best teams in the West. Clipper fans crack me up, they are becoming like Heat fans imo.
DannyBoyForReal::Dude did I say the Clippers are going to win it all? U made a dumb remark and I called u on it thats all
3PeatKB24::Whatever are you saying the Clippers are going to win it all? That they will beat the Lakers in a series if they play. Jeez! and I have been a Lakers fan since 1977 so take the jock out of your posts and post something intelligent.
DannyBoyForReal::wow a home game LOL ok. Looks like u r the one with kobes jock in ur mouth lol
3PeatKB24::Yep, it was a home game for the Clippers and the Lakers shot 52% from the field and Kobe, Bynum, and Gasol all scored big. If the Clippers were any good they win that game. Sorry if you cant see the facts because you hate the Lakers and love Griffin dunks.
DannyBoyForReal::Lakers whooped the Clippers huh? wow ok
Authentic Pyrrhic Remission::Lube City wont beat out the Griz
BRAY5150::Seems like a lot of people can tell the future when talking about the clippers and how there going to lose in the first round. People there's not one team in the league that doesn't have an issue or weakness. Do I expect the clips to win the championship this season no but they did just put this team together and have beaten every team ahead of them in the standings. So go ahead and dismiss them as if they are the old clippers I hope the teams they play do the same.
Swizz Beats Sucks Dick::Spurs vs Bulls 2012 NBA Finals. Spurs win
DallasCowboys6782::L M F A O
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Finally, a logical explanation for LeBron's absences http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 .
Terry 1953::Hey Mark Jackson, how is the playoffs coming along ?
HateBrass::He'll be about 25-41 when the season ends.
NbaFanSpeaks::Clippers dont play defense and suck in halfcourt sets...first round exit  100% sure
Maxiumenergy02::second round
bobbyshaww::cp3 score 28 are the clippers still a 6 seed
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Finally, a logical explanation for LeBron's absences http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 .
The_Pittsburgh_Piper::lakers&gt;clippers
roger_z0::Laker fans are ghetto
Boltman021::Clippers fans &gt; Lakers fans
Clippers.Are.Better.Than.Supercuts::Clippers fans = laker fans
WatEvasCleva24::all day every day
