BillyCrashCraddock::.
Rdhutchi::Best dunk montage I've seen in a while Check this out if you love dunks!!!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDc-di5kIek
rkini1::Come on people join the chant! DROP TO 6th! DROP TO 6th! DROP TO 6th! DROP TO 6th! DROP TO 6th!
Rdhutchi::you really want the Pacers??? they look tough
kobescored30butshot12for40::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found  this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
Toronto Raps15::#TankNation 4 life
yorklinks2::it annoys me so much when ppl say lebrons not clutch and kobe is cuz well... thats wrong  kobe shoots .300fg% in the clutch, lebron has a .400fg%  if their stats in the clutch were throughout the whole game LEBRON is way better:  LeBron: 33.2ppg, 15.1rpg, 9.3apg, .386fg%  Kobe: 36.3ppg, 7.8rpg, 6.8apg, .327fg%  check out an article about that here, proof lebron is more clutch http://bustasports.com/?p=784
Sambo8964::Two things are true. # 1 Atlanta will ALWAYS be a baseball city. GO BRAVES! # 2 The Raptors and the Blue Jays need to move to the United States. Raptors to Seattle and Blue Jays to either Charlotte, Indianapolis, or San Antonio, I'd say Charlotte since baseball is so popular in North Carolina.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Nice way to bounce back after last night's a ss whooping and return an a ss whooping right back on them. I respect teams that can suck it up and do that, nice job Hawks. Now go to bed all you little incoherent children and get ready for school tomorrow. Hawks fo life tricks.
DrueLife::Josh Smith is killin it I love his game right now.  These cats dont realize hes putting up damn near 20 and 10 per.  I think he is starting to grow up.  And my man Matt Ryan is lifting weights and working on the deep ball!!
iownamicrowave::No one posts in hawks forum...
JulioJonesBrother::I do
berr3555::thats 2 in a hurry
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Alabi played 24 minutes? That is equal to the total amount of minutes he's played in his NBA career, in one game.
berr3555::OKC, OKC, OKC......
Tonymojo3::without Joe and Al :)
Tonymojo3::o yeah, I remember when the hawks beat them
J-SMOOVE2060::AL HORFORD IS COMING BACK
falconsfan0125::I can't find a link anywhere confirming this.
OFrog::Too little too late, but it does not matter anyway, ATL just looks like a pretender this season.
Sonic_speed1::He will be back in the first round
OFrog::Because it is unconfirmed and wishful thinking by SMOOVE.
OFrog::Really, when and in what game shape?
OFrog::Something I imagine you are a full timer at.
J-SMOOVE2060::NEXT SUNDAY.  BE THERE OR BE Q.UEER.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Whoa! The terrible Hawks actually won tonight!  Still doesn't change that they got owned by 10 day contract guys last night.
Tonymojo3::yeah I'm a hawk fan, but Derozan is good
J-SMOOVE2060::DEMAR DEROZAN IS GOOD
OFrog::Yup, they are the worst ATL post season team I have seen in some time. Joe signing for all that money was a franchise killer.
CandySparker::I like Human Teague.
J-SMOOVE2060::OFROG SOUNDS LIKE A SCARED LIL B.ITCH
OFrog::Nope, just a guy who keeps it real. Last year I loved the Hawks over Magic. I think they stink this season. Just nothing inside and that really hurts half court post season.
J-SMOOVE2060::YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST.  HAWKS 4 CELDICKS 2
Tonymojo3::In trouble? we got Al horford coming back in the playoffs, were good! u just better be hopeful one of the celtics don't die of age before the playoffs
OFrog::Not happenin, not even close. Hawks are comin in thier weakest ever. Sorry Celtics are not a team loaded with 10 day wonders.
OFrog::Uh no. Drop the act, ATL is in trouble this post season with close to zero inside game.
J-SMOOVE2060::boston is old and broken down.
J-SMOOVE2060::JOE &gt; RAY JOSH &gt; KG HORFORD = PIERCE TEAGUE = RONDO OUR BENCH &gt; THEIR BENCH   BUCK FOSTON
blot28::teague=rondo might be the funniest thing i have heard on this forum all night
OFrog::Talk was nonexistant when this lame Hawk team lost outright to these same D leaguers.
blot28::yeah i'm sure if he can contain Justin Dentmon he should have no problem with Rondo
OFrog::Quite the stretch especially when he just beat a bunch of D League guys.
cmonson3::Horford is out for the season..
J-SMOOVE2060::BOSTON SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kevinholdren::MVTEAGUE!!!
atlhawks27::to the play offs for the 5th straight year
McKenzi2801::OFROG YOU A BUM
OFrog::Because I exposed your fraudulent act? it was merely a public service.
OFrog::Not getting close to the Finals, well, forever.
u got trolled::we got a bandwaagon up in here
OFrog::Fraud exposed, come out of the closet and pump peter.
pokernutty87::my last comment of the night: this kid o frog is gay and got bullied on the playground, not a doubt in my mind
OFrog::Spurs and Bulls.
Sonic_speed1::What team you like?
McKenzi2801::no more free info but to all my betters ,,,,,,,,keep in mind the unders hit alot 80 percent of the time in the nba,,,,,overs hit when its like 212 and $@%! like that go  over,,,,,,,,stop letting vegas get you with them low totals,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
McKenzi2801::i took atl bye 6 i stay away from this 182
pokernutty87::lol if that were the case then it would be under for 180 and below and over for 210 every time, obv vegas switches it up ya moron, like over 182.5 tonight, ya gotta be sharp like me
OFrog::I just call out bragging losers like you. Complete Internet frauds talking tough,
pokernutty87::u literally are small dude, u dont have anything invested in the game and uve made 1000 comments, think about that, think about what that says about u
OFrog::U r as sharp as a bowling ball.
OFrog::You are a total idiot. Stop posting.
OFrog::Now caps and jibberish. Another broke joke exposed.
McKenzi2801::GUSSE ILL BUY SOME SILVER AND A LIL GOLD AND PLAT WITH MY EARNINGS  YOU BROKE PUNK
OFrog::Any translators out there?
McKenzi2801::you a no body ,,,,,NO YOU A $@%!$@% SHEEEP WE USE......PRINCE HALL FREEMASON HERE LMFAO BOI SOME PPL JUST DONT KNOW WHO THEY INTERNET BEEFING WITH SOME TIMES,, HA HA   YOU PAWN    NAW    YOU BUM!!!
OFrog::Sure you are, and you have to publicly announce that on the Internet.
McKenzi2801::welll its like mcdonalds i lov;in it..................im up 45k for the year,,,,,now im off to fan duel check my wins on there lol then email me lol
OFrog::You don't know me and are just some low self esteem loser that has to brag to nobody on the Internet.
pokernutty87::dude this kid is gay and lonely
OFrog::Copy and paste ticket.
McKenzi2801::4k win tonite 4 team parlay all unders
pokernutty87::dude y u gotta criticize everyones comment u lonely bitter chump
pokernutty87::most of u fa ggots were yapping the whole game, who put their money where their mouth is...
OFrog::If you have to talk mess on a public forum it pretty much says what you are all about, a complete zero.
OFrog::You seem to have this fixation with gays, if that is your deal come out of the closet already.
pokernutty87::man its late and im watching sports...fact that ure on here and dont have money on the line says a lot about u, and u keep commenting on all of my comments, are u gay ???
Demonjoe93::Why can't the Braves beat the Mets?
DrueLife::bc we suck
ataddy::Why cant you perform in the bedroom?
Demonjoe93::Why can't you make a funny joke?
deedsey11::I had raptors for 89 points. He has a free dunk at the end and doesn't take it. WHO GIVES A $@%! ABOUT SPORTSMANSHIP!!!!
deedsey11::Take the shot!
gsin1202::wow NBA got the overs rigged tonight.  No overs covering.  f--k NBA.
OFrog::Orl Phi?
reggieinatl::Payback is a mf. Did you raptor fans really think you would win two from us!?!
ataddy::You shouldnt have lost ANY to the craptors.
atlhawks27::i wish there was trolls here
ataddy::Twas a joke.
Martin6422::Thought you were trying to come out.
ataddy::Atlanta blows dick.
atlhawks27::lol there goes one
Martin6422::Is that your preference
J-SMOOVE2060::A lot of people say Atlanta shouldnt want to face Boston but I think its the other way around.
OFrog::You are delusional, Celtics will destroy Hawks as usual, even worse this season.
OFrog::Let me know when the Hawk get by the Celtics post season.
aftern9ne::In the two games this season, Boston has won by a combined 5 points. They might/probably would beat the Hawks in the playoffs, but destroying? Give me a break.
Demonjoe93::As usual? Hasn't the series between the two been pretty close the past few seasons?
Demonjoe93::So where are the trolls at now?
ataddy::Josh Smith is the best power forward in the league. COME AT ME
Tonymojo3::HE IS!!!
BravesHawksFalcs::Kevin Love would like a word with you.
OFrog::Not even top 5
Martin6422::One thing for sure Atlanta will be in the post season to compete.
OFrog::Hawks are garbage this year, out in first round
buttersjohnson2014::Finally. Someone who agrees.
buttersjohnson2014::Compete with the cheerleaders on the sidelines.
pokernutty87::ITS ALL ABOUT THE MONEY PPL, AND MOST OF U DONT HAVE ANY
pokernutty87::ADIOS FA GGOTS AND OCCUPY WALL STREETERS
pokernutty87::need 3 more pts and its more money in my pockets
gsin1202::sports is only about the betting lines.  All of you so called fans do know what sports are really about.  You are clueless.
OFrog::And you have to brag about that on a public forum?
OFrog::You are a tool nothing more, a real mush.
pokernutty87::dude u have no money and ure bitter, u also sound like u havent been laid in years...i made money tonight and love to brag about it, uve got nothing on me dude, ure bitter and broke and u havent been laid in a while, adios bro
OFrog::Pretty much a statement of lameness, to a very high extreme.
pokernutty87::yea why not
buttersjohnson2014::Whoever thinks Atlanta still won't do a damn thing with the postseason, like this.
Sonic_speed1::You just angry because your team won't make it
buttersjohnson2014::At least they have a better chance of winning than the sorry-excuse-for-a-basketball-team Hawks.
Sonic_speed1::Still butt hurt from the finals I see
buttersjohnson2014::I live in Miami. South beach, 305, biotch!!!
Sonic_speed1::who do you like then?
buttersjohnson2014::I'm not a Raptors fan, you clown. I just pity the Hawks.
reggieinatl::Whoever thinks the Raptors won't get to the post season like this.
maxboltz619::ok raptors, just walk out on this game now, I feel sorry for your fans!
roberts2144::Why does Atlanta still have their starters in and Toronto not - doesn't coach realize you have to save your energy for the remaining 8 games plus playoffs.  Time to ease up dude!!!
Zone6--East-Atlanta--::They arent in genius.
Sonic_speed1::Teams have off nights it happens...if it didn't why do the wiz and bobcats have wins
reggieinatl::Hurry up raptors.  Put Vince in!!!  Too soon?
twincities39::Under 50 points in 3 QTR's.  Contract the Raptors please.
Martin6422::A couple of these idiots think raptors can make playoffs. meth kills.
OFrog::Hawks are just worthless this season, Johnson contract going to haunt franchise for a long time.
pokernutty87::when the hawks lose in the first or second round, it'll be because of zaza
buttersjohnson2014::No, it's because of the Hawks.
maxboltz619::dont let the raptors get close on this game anymore...
maxboltz619::I still want to know how the raptors beat the hawks last night?
buttersjohnson2014::EXACTLY
Zone6--East-Atlanta--::hawks always randomly pick nights not to show up. They arent mentally tough.
pokernutty87::dampier is better than zaza how come he never plays
Zone6--East-Atlanta--::Zaza is only starting because the REAL STARTER (Horford) is injured. He's a backup. He's averaged 10 boards a game since he's became a starter and the Hawks still continued to improve their record. What more do you want out of a backup? Please just shut up. You're acting like Dampier sf some force. you ask "if Dampier is useless why does he take up a roster spot"....no...if he's so good WHY WAS HE'S SITTING AT HOME GETTING FATTER ON NOBODY'S TEAM? The Hawks just originally signed him to a 10 day contract because we lack big men and they felt the had to get ANYBODY.
Zone6--East-Atlanta--::because he's not better than zaza
Zone6--East-Atlanta--::that kid's an idiot.
OFrog::Dampier is a bonafide stiff, T Mac not far behind.
pokernutty87::arent older than 16? lol is 16 like a cutoff for knowing things and not knowing things, u pathetic little quee r i have money im about to win on this game, and ure just a pathetic homer blind fan
pokernutty87::dampier doesnt get the chance to show whether hes old or not, if he was useless then why does he take up the roster spot, not only do i watch basketball i have been an athlete my whole life and i make a lot of money betting on these athletes and knowing who is legit and who isnt, fact that ure defending one of the worst starting centers in the game shows how little u know...
Sonic_speed1::Thats what all teams have to do to win a championship
Zone6--East-Atlanta--::lol you obviously dont watch much basketball and arent older than 16. What exactly has Dampier done NOWADAYS in his CONDITION??? He cant even hardly get up and down the floor. Joe and Josh tend to not show up lots of times too. They are very good players but not superstars. The Hawks only hope with this roster is to play great team basketball and be smart with the basketball (Shot Selection/Limiting Turnovers).
pokernutty87::zaza is $@% in the playoffs hawks dont go far bc of him...josh smith and johnson do their jobs and they have great role players, zaza has held them back for years...but ure a hawks fan and ure blind
buttersjohnson2014::Dampier is old and his thighs are welded to his shins.
buttersjohnson2014::James Johnson is from Wyoming! And I played high school ball against him. Every time I guarded him he put up 50 points. haha
ataddy::Cool story brah
buttersjohnson2014::Hey blow me
ataddy::Im sorry. That was rude.
torontoraps054::Goo hawks. We'll be at the top 5 in the lottery soon.
