Gods illa::Thunder &gt; your favorite team Check or wreck  Y'all mad
TheBirdsOfWar::As long as Russell Westbrook is jacking up a bountiful of bricks the Thunder will never get to the next level. They barely beat a horrible Pistons team then come home and lay an egg.
Gods illa::SOA - U are incorrect sir  Russ just doesn't have control in the heat of the battle  U seen what happened when harden questioned us.. team ? or the money ?  All he had to was hesitate and we shipped him off  Same thing would have happened to Russ last year had he not took a pay cut and went all in
SOA95608::Westbrick thinks he is the best player on the team and not Durant. He is about himself and not the team.
SOA95608::He takes more shots than Durant most games. He could have had another 7 assists instead of throwing up those awful shots.
Ustna5::Grizz....lol
Eric8163::Even though I'm a lakers fan I was surprised at this lose that the thunder had. Of course the clippers beating the heat is also another upset.
t casey::I gotta say, it's good to see Memphis' stars healthy and putting everything together so far this season. If they can continue with Rudy Gay, Z-Bo, and Mark Gasol playing well together, they can be scary going down the stretch with their depth and size up front.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Memphis has a real favorable stretch coming up. They could be 13-1 before they face SA on the road.
CANxIxGETxAxHOTTUB::Quote After the game, Randolph said all was settled between him and Perkins. "There's a lot of bluffing going on on the court, that's all," Randolph said. "And I don't bluff."  Thunder beat writer:  Quote A mouthpiece remained on the floor near the Thunder's locker room for a while long after the game. Something happened back there.
lrdThunda79::thunder are overrated! simple and plain...GO GRIZZ!!
Gods illa::Only overrated if called best team in the league ! !  Y'all beat us in regular season last 2 years and then follow that up wit getting sent home in playoffs .. Grizz beat us in the 9th game of an 82 game season after we had dealt with a traumatizing change as young men and think they won something or think this year will be different this last 2 !  Don't make me laugh!
Westjag::Good game Memphis I would rather lose to you all then lose to the heat or Lakers
Griss13ears::I sense these will be great games for years to come.
machinegunkelley80::It's not about streaks. I've seen Memphis play every game and they are playing really well as a team. In a sport dominated  by superstars the team concept is rare. Memphis plays the team con
Clobbersaurus01::1.  Hollins.  2.  Wallace.  Then start with the players.
Gods illa::Co sign  The thunder are the same way
Griss13ears::great comment.
Flopcity222::Thank you...I've been watching the Grizz ever since they we're a 20 win a season team.  I've watched them build that team from the ground up. But the main reason, I believe, for their success now is Lionel Hollins. Each year he has been there they've gotten better and better.  Defense and TEAM basketball is what he preaches. Look at how balanced our scoring is most nights. Unselfishness...I love it
OmniVersal::Thunder look flawed
Gods illa::We looked flawed because we are still adjusting  I think we are least flawed team in NbA the way we are set up .. And if ya take Russ out the equation lol
KentuckyAlum2012::Every team has a flaw or 2, but I think it'll be more obvious as the season goes along that the Thunder should've kept Harden. The guy wasn't just a scorer who came off the bench, he can also run the offense. Kevin Martin can score, but that's all he can do.
Flopcity222::He wanted out man. He wasn't satisfied coming off the bench.  And he wasn't making enough money.  Put yourself in his shoes
OmniVersal::Not only that but Harden was a buffer to Westbrick's own idiocy.
drake42O::didnt zach randolph get ejected in last night's game?
gasol1883::Yea, him and Perkins
The Thunder City::Some of you sound pretty unintelligent. We're not even 10 games into an 82 game season. It's way too early to tell what any team will do. All of these streaks will not last, and then people will start talking about a different team. It's a cycle.
Gods illa::Russ scoring mad points wit 6+ shots is his role for our team ..
AKsparky907::It's not too early to say that the grizz are going to be a great team this year. They have been a team that got off to very slow starts every year. The fact that we are 6-1 with some quality wins tells me this should be our best year ever!
GrizTitan::Yeah it may be early in the season but it is a good feeling beating OKC. Its like game 7 all over again and this was the right result.
Flopcity222::I agree.  And when it comes to this harden madness, everybody needs to chill out.  It was a good move. He's a starter. Point blank period. If I was that good, i wouldn't want to be coming off the bench either. They did what was best for the team. Problem is, i think they could've got a lot more than K-Mart
Gods illa::These kids don't even watch thunder hoops  They still get my blood boiling tho
memphisten22::@Flop----Russell played well in the finals last year. Hardin was the one that didn't show up. He is just an inconsistent player when it comes to those jump shots. Keep him driving to the hoop!
Flopcity222::And let me just say this... I DO watch thunder ball...Y'all got a great squad. But Perkins needs to go. And Russ needs to play his role. Quit taking ill advised mid range jumpers and three point prayers. He's a passer, slasher and a finisher at the rim. One of the best, if not THE best in the game. He has a huge ego and it only hurts that team. Kevin Durant is top 3 in the WORLD. Pass him the ball and get out of his way. Y'all could've won the ship last year if Russell wouldn't have tried to score 40 a game
gasol1883::Yea I agree, people need to pump their brakes, we have a long season ahead of us.
The Thunder City::And really we should blame the broadcasters because they already saying who is championship contenders. It's so annoying.
syanske@hotmail.com::Does anyone else notice that ESPN loves to describe games by one team "throttling" the other team waaayyy too much? They need to come up with some new headlines. I think I am going to go out on the town tonight and throttle me some beaver.
lrdThunda79::feel free to chose what ever word you'd like to describe, "losing badly" lol! GRIZZ! crush!!!
AKsparky907::Thumped because the grizz built a 16 point lead in the second half and the thunder never got closer than 6. They were obviously outplayed.
syanske@hotmail.com::Lol I guess to them it is. When I saw the headline I was expecting it to be a 20+ point blowout.
The Thunder City::Yes...I love how they say the Thunder got "thumped". Thumped? 10 points is thumped?
gasol1883::Wow too much "loss of Harden" talk on here. Harden was great, but the Thunder will be just fine, they are still a great team. Everyone thinks that the loss last night was because the Thunder took a step back, when in actuality the Grizzlies took a step forward. These two teams are great in their own ways, and will both be relevant all year.
lrdThunda79::it wont be pretty AK...it wont be pretty at all!!! GO GRIZZ!!!!
AKsparky907::It was both. The grizz look great but the thunder probably won't be as good as last year. Harden is a great player, k-Mart is a pretty good scorer. Memphis dominated last night in okc. What's it gonna be like in the grind house?
OmniVersal::Losing Harden is already ruining the OKC franchise. I actually saw empty seats at the arena and how about them boos lol
Gods illa::Omni this is 405  Remember me ?  I remember u dating back to 2010 I believe
OmniVersal::Who? I think you're mistaking me for someone else sorry
Gods illa::I feel our following is overrated ..  Okies are spoon fed by OUs 40 year hold on college football  And I feel our support has dipped since losing harden  And being a real OKC fan since day 1 win or lose a lot of our fans just hoped on the wagon and will hope off just as quick once we are not an elite shoe-in for playoffs
Arjay411::What happen to the bench OKC isn't that why your better than the rest last year? Minus Harden and with the NBA watching  flopping closely OKC will exit in the first round of the playoffs!
RayNy2ATL::OKC, way too many jumpers for Westbrook and only 13 bench points.
10xRoc::The Grizzlies best lineup forces OKC to play their worst lineup.  If Ibaka doesn't have a really nice shooting night it might of been worse.
OmniVersal::OKC minus Harden= weaker Memphis minus Mayo= stronger
Gods illa::Thunder with harden = all time great team  Without harden = elite NBA contender  That make sense to you kids ?
OmniVersal::Obviously your first statement is a lie seeing how badly the Thunder got embarrassed by the Heat lol
Gods illa::Maybe not better than them at this point but after we have recovered from losing a brother, after 82 game season and in 7 game playoff series we will see who better than you .. We can be off and still out ability anyone in west .. Just wait till we are clicking on all cylinders ..
Gods illa::Lol thats all u have .. even with losing harden we still have more superstars than yall .. yall have z bo other than that match up goes to us ..and We still have our superstar core  And harden wasn't as big of a superstar here because of the role we ended him to play and our offensive system .. It's no coincidence that harden had 2 career highs as soon as he left ..  KD and Russ have missed less than 25 games in 4 years between the two .. Can't say the same for your best players
lrdThunda79::your stupidstars...cant beat our team! GO GRIZZ!!!
mawnster34::you say the match up goes to OKC?  Yet Memphis forces OKC to play their worst lineup BECAUSE of match up problems.  Your comment has no backing
GrizTitan::There is hope still in OKC but thats against everybody else not in a Grizzlies jersey. Thunder Down
AKsparky907::Thunder down!
OmniVersal::Uhm I don't think Thunder are better than the Spurs and Clippers either at this point lol
Gods illa::Y'all can't even keep your superstars healthy for a whole season and that won't change this year  Proof was last night ? Lol what up bum
OmniVersal::You can't even keep  a superstar core together so I wouldn't be talking lol. And yeah proof was last night. Why did the Thunder win lol
Arjay411::Mayo is far better than those players he just didn't fit in properly
memphisten22::OJ fit in fine-----you got two shooters for the price of one when it came down to resigning OJ: Bayless and Ellington. The money to resign OJ would have put us in the luxury tax position. You know the ownership is not about to pay a hefty tax to sign   a type of player that is pretty common in the NBA and around the world. You can find an "OJ Mayo" on any corner in the world.
lrdThunda79::youre correct...love oj "the jucie" but he just didnt fit in the GRIZZ scheme....i wish him much luck in dallas.
AKsparky907::Mayo is a more dynamic scorer. That doesn't mean he is a better player. Mayo didn't know when to stop shooting and played no d.
10xRoc::Mayo is a below average defender, an erratic shooter and does not play smart basketball.  Q-pon is an overall better basketball player and i expect him to continue his good play in his 3rd year in the league.
OmniVersal::I suppose if by not fit in you mean Mayo does a lot better when he isn't asked to defend hence why he's doing better in Dallas.
10xRoc::FACT.  Q-pon/ellington/bayless
OmniVersal::Yup the proof was last night.
doof54::As I said before the game, THIS game will show how much OKC misses Harden, unlike the soft early schedule.  They miss Harden.  More importantly for OKC, not having Harden exposes the weakness that is Russell Westbrook.  Rudy used to have the same problem Westbrook has now: He hurts his team by wasting possessions on ill-advised shots, and then makes it worse by sulking and not playing D on the subsequent play.  Just like Rudy used to do.
Gods illa::Russ problem has 0 to do with harden.
Arjay411::Thunders minus Harden is NOT a championship caliber team. they'll win games yeah but Westbrook will shoot them out of the first or second of the playoffs!
Arjay411::+round
c-in steel::laker fan here that rudy ga is coming around he got that old man ymca game never under pressure or out of control and then what can you say about big z-bo but stop playing z-bo.memphis looking good and everyone thought jerry west sold the farm.
gasol1883::Jerry West had nothing to do with this team.
10xRoc::Jerry West made the gasol trade, goober.
Gods illa::Thunder UP  Defending western conference champs  Grizz ain't even see. It yet let alone advance to next round  None of u hardcore Grizz fans will be here at end of season when u get sent home. .. GL and enjoy it while u can  Bums
Griss13ears::Man these thunder fans butt hurt. This is what I hear, "WWWAAAAHHHHHH, WHHHAAAHHHHHH, WWHHAAAHHHH!!! wait until the playoffs, playoffs are a different story. blah blah blah." You just got your a.ss beat down and the playoffs will be no different. This isn't 6 months ago. This is now. Fools.
memphisgroove::Gotta love these thunder fans. "The playoffs are a different story." I'm fairly certain that you barely beat us in a seven game series and we were without Rudy Gay. pffft.
Gods illa::We are 6-3 after playing absolutely horrible and losing a brother  Losing harden doesn't effect us from an X and O standpoint like it does from a mental standpoint ..
GrizTitan::I cant understand the excitement for the Thunder at all? Yeah you went one series further than us last year but we own Chesapeake Arena. Thanks for the win.  Go Grizz!!!
tdewitt34::Like WHAT? lose we will see you guys in the playoffs but you guys better ante up now rather than later or you will get Assmacked!!
10xRoc::Mayo was not needed once Q-pon stepped up his game.  He's a more consistent shooter and a way better defender.
Gods illa::Martin fits our system better so beware .. We will not be an all time great team like we were with harden but we are and will till be an elite team .. We're 6-3 and have played horrible ! Just wait until we click we will run circles around y'all !  Get there then talk until then pay some homage  And playoffs are a different animal .. Y'all have beat us in regular season but can't cut it in playoffs ..  Y'all tryin to do what we have already done
doof54::Thunder are 6-3 against a pretty weak schedule.  Play some more big-boy games like this one, and let's compare schedules after all that.
tdewitt34::^^HAHA dirty city joke Wow good one I hope you stay in OKC because you got what? We have no Mayo but you guys have NO HARDEN? We took you guys to 7 games and you barley beat us at home but you guys got assmacked by the HEAT who we owned during the last 8 meetings! .... oh I forgot..... BUM!!
OmniVersal::An OKC fan talking about other teams going back to mediocrity? Oh the irony.
CDUB SOONER::^^lol. and you don't have Mayo. We will see clown act. All these grizz fans are funny. they will be gone by next week. lol back to mediocrity just like that dirty city.
lrdThunda79::dirty city!? you live in oklahoma city...capital of cowshit...there is nothing there and your city just acheived running water in a few parts! lol! dont be mad because we're industrialized and you relish in hog slop! lol!
tdewitt34::what ever dude are you sick no HARDEN thats why you guys suck now and will SUCKass later.......BUM!
james74065::Can anyone consider westbrook the best pg when he misses 13 shots.. those could have been 7-13 assists for someone like paul or rondo.. rondo is on a streak that most people havent even heard about.. http://goo.gl/37JNN will he do it? do you think westbrook would ever come close?
10xRoc::Westbrook is a top PG but that still doesn't mean that he makes KD better. CP3, Rose &amp; Deron.
Gods illa::10x roc  I have t heard anyone do consider him the best besides me lol But I have heard plenty of nba fans and analysts say he is an elite player and a top3 pg and I have to agree !
10xRoc::who considered him the best PG?  The most athletic for sure.
CDUB SOONER::more westbrook isn't a pg rhetoric. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Is he not a F'in all star? get off his nuts.
Gods illa::Russ is a different kind of player and plays a different role for OKC . .. And Russ can get dimes but those other guys aren't the offensive threat he is sorry their just not
OmniVersal::Might as well start calling them the _KC Thunder seeing as how Harden took the O with him to Houston
FearTheOlympicBeard::That team is missing Harden badly. Of course.
Im moving to Colorado::Russell Westbrook shooting percentage- 39.5%
GrizTitan::Thunder Down
firstaidguitar1::http://www.straightouttavancouver.com
Emoney321000::I just read the first few comments on this board and then decided there's no point in reading the rest of them. I'm out.
nba is the worst::Fun game to watch - Westbrick getting owned is always entertaining.  Gay hitting contested jumpers was impressive
eflemingjr::By April, the Knicks and Grizz will be the two best teams in the league if they remain healthy and will eliminate  the Heat and Thunder in the playoffs....bad match up across the board.
eflemingjr::@ cdub, your right...this is reality. And the reality is that the blueprint is out on how to beat both OCK and Miami. Living off the success of the PAST has absolutely nothing to do with whats happening this year...just asked the lakers of two years ago or the mavs of one year ago.....THAT'S reality.
tdewitt34::Man the grizz are playoffs bound and anyone who says otherwise is CRAZY!! We been knocking at the door Gay Randolph Allen Gasol Conley and a better bench? who can legitimatedly say we are not a premeir team?
Gods illa::No Bench ?  Maynor, lamb, k mart, collison  ? Gthoh no Bench ?  Fall back and watch your own team !  What up bum!
CDUB SOONER::^^ wrong. excuses are nice, but this is reality. grizz are a would shoulda coulda team. Thunder have already been to finals and will go back. the notion that the only reason the thunder got to finals is beause of a bench player that didn't show up sometimes is crazy. we will see how the season plays out. NY and MEM are good but not as good as their current records indicate IMO.
eflemingjr::Wade is waaaaaaay more injury prone than Randolph is....I don't even kno if I word use the term with Randolph at all. Also, their asking a career starter who's still in his prime to become a bench player in OCK who also is VERY injury prone. This is the 1st full season with training camp that the Grizz have had with Gay &amp; Z-Bo. Same thing with the Knicks concerning Melo &amp; Amare. Top to bottom look at the roster. Bigs, wings, solid PG play, defense, solid benches, ect. Their both incredibly complete teams.
CDUB SOONER::you thnk k mart has 7 points next time? i don't. use 1 game to tell how good bench is. they have a pretty good bench in okc actually although they certainly didn't show it last night.
CDUB SOONER::and randolph will? lol
jg181837::No basing this on the thunder have no bench and the heat are weak in the low post and wade won't make it 82 games
CDUB SOONER::LOL. basing this on a few reg season wins? LOL good call.
jrram4::The Western Conference is the real deal...while the Eastern Conference just sits on its $@% and watches the  heat win games against no competition.
nba is the worst::heat are in 3rd place today
zachhanney::who are you taking in a fight zbo or kperk???
10xRoc::Z-BO....You saw Perk walk away.
badgersrox::raccoonery
CDUB SOONER::z bo is a paper tiger. lol
jdfoster3::ZBO 100% Lets be real CDUB.lol
CDUB SOONER::Perk would knock that gorilla out. lol
bulldogsgrizz93::Z-BO and Tony over that punk, Westbrook
jrram4::Z-BO
mookie_harris::SLEPPING ON THE GRIZZLIES..... NOT ME AND NEVER HAVE  I believe Rudy Gay is a more complete and clutch player than LBJ..... i predicted memphis to win this one and feel they have a complete team and the right matchups to go against the heat. To bet the heat is to out shot them, out hustle, and bully them. get it these heat players head, tell them their not good, hard fooul them when needed, goaltend so they dont see what it looks like to score a basket.                                                                                                                            7line_MOOKIE
10xRoc::Thats taking it way too far but Rudy can play when he really tries.  His length is hard to defend.
CDUB SOONER::Gay &gt; LBJ ??? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL  You can't be serious.
Im moving to Colorado::This will be Rudy Gay and the Grizzlies breakout season
CDUB SOONER::heard that somewhere before.....LOOOOOOONG ways to go.
celticsfan748::Grizz are the real deal
jasiekforever::maybe perkins should grow a beard
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL? does the bench score points? And should i rotate everyday depending on who is playing that day? Thankyou, please help
aadam524::Utility people play put him on bench being doesn't get points and if you want the maximum points set line up everyday
GarnerBeatYourSchool::THUNDER SUCK. GO BOBCATS #CATSNATION
CDUB SOONER::smoking that bobcat stuff
rex_coach::Did Harden suit up for OKC last night?
Griss13ears::Grizz throttle Miami and OKC in back to back games. ESPN: ok, ok good game memphis. Check out the recap in the game notes.  Clippers edge Miami. ESPN: (front page) CLIPPERS WIN!!! CLIPPERS WIN!!! BATTLE FOR L.A.!! 2013 CHAMPIONS!!!! Etc. etc.  How does ESPN get any work done while they're all blowing lebron and blake g?
CDUB SOONER::when the grizz actually win a meaningful playoff series, wake me up. zzzzzzzzzzzz
stumcclu::memphis beating the spurs as an 8 seed is something thats only happened twice in recent nba history. i consider that meaningful.
Parth3547::Man it's ok..when the Grizz make a deep run maybe they'll talk about them...but by how they work it'll still be about how a team lost to the Grizz not how the Grizz outplayed their opponents
StevenDanger194::Memphis is legit, I think they win the division and make a deep run in the playoffs.
Gods illa::News flash foster .. We still have our batman and robin  Harden was Alfred  We will live long and prosper
jdfoster3::OKC is done. Martin isnt Hardin! Sorry
CDUB SOONER::uh, don't you have to win the WEST before you play the heat? clown. they can't even win the conference. mark it down.
jg181837::Thanks for the commentary skip bayless grizz have the best low post in the NBA plus the best bench should have got in done last year against the heat because this is the grizzlies year
CDUB SOONER::i don't think so. typical knee jerk reaction. lets see them do something good in the playoffs....besides beating SA basically without Ginobli.
GoBlueRaidersGo25::Anybody want to tell me what happened in the 3rd quarter. I did not get a chance to see the rest of the game, because I was working.
zachhanney::gasol almost got one
rex_coach::He had a traffic jam...
SPURZWARZ1.0::Perkins and Randolph got ejected after words were exchanged on court! Highlights on ESPN!
GoBlueRaidersGo25::Who all got a technical besides Randolph and Perkins? I'm watching the clip on YouTube. It looks like Ken Mauer called a lot technicals
david.smith811::perkins is waking up in a cold sweat sweat thinking about zbo. Zbo never went to sleep
rex_coach::Harden was Marvelous last evening.  ;)
baller1016::Houston is 4-4
david.smith811::how is the team doing? are they 6-1?
mweeks619::WEST-BRICK = why the Chunder won't win an NBA title........ stop shooting- start passing........ They definitely traded away the wrong guy- just look how lost they were in 4th without THE BEARD
CDUB SOONER::@mweeks619 i can see you cant think for yourself and don't simply buy into the tired rhetoric that espn vomits out. if you actually watched the games and paid attention, you would see that westbrook's assists and turnovers #'s this year have been way better than his career averages. They will figure out the rotation. K Mart needs to take more than 4 shots. And Gay isn't going to hit EVERY shot he takes every game.
KingCraig25::14 ast in this game so shut up. Tell durant to play better defense and stop hating lol
jptamahome::Thunder are not as good as last year
CDUB SOONER::^^ i am not sure that is accurate. lets let the season bear out. they are 6-3. nothing to be ashamed of. Once they get comfartable with K Mart, i expect the offense to improve in the 4th. thunder couldn't buy a bucket tonight for most of the game, that won't happen often. Kmart has been averaging well above the 7 he scored last night. its an 82 game season.....lets wait until april to start delcaring paper winners and losers.
rex_coach::PHAKT!
BravesCougsPackersSounders::BREAKING NEWS: The OKC Thunder were a one year wonder and very overrated last year! More about this not so shocking development at 6!
CDUB SOONER::^^ totally agree Mr T. Nice to hear a level headed fan.
Mr----T::Memphis fan here... Even though the grizz won, I would not call OKC overrated. With one of the best scorers in the NBA  (KD), it's just a matter of time before they figure things out. Maybe this will get them to develop better post up scoring.
jackp16::OKC was a very good team last season but they lost a key player and they have sunk into mediocrity. Had they retained Harden, they would be on their way to a 68 game winning season.
ShiloInn1985::BS. No one player, outside of Durant could have that type of impact on a teams fortunes. Especially a bench player. That would be like saying the 87-88 Lakers couldnt win without Micheal Cooper. OKC is simply regressing because they built themselves up mentally last year as acheiving their ultimate rite of passage to the long-awaited title. And when it didnt come, they lapsed. They are now having the 'sophmore jinx'  that they SHOULD have had, 3-4 years ago.
