Darth Apollyon::Spurs win again, with the most minutes played by any being 30 minutes, a trend that continues against any team.  "Elite teams" playing their star up to more than 40 minutes per night and some of the barely win.  It is funny how dumb are the people that are saying that they will have trouble against elite teams.  They will have as much trouble as any other elite team playing against another elite team,  The differences being that Popovich would have taken care his players much better, them being much fresher and less injured come playoff times, and with one of the much more experienced and deeper benches in the NBA.  People are just hilarious, but then again that is the same people that never though the Spurs would have another chance for an NBA Finals, and that thought the Heat would sweep them.  Spurs are the Spurs and there is a reason other teams respect the Spurs and some want to emulate them.
Brian::It bothers you that the Spurs lose to the elite teams? Who are they supposed to lose to? The bad teams? The Spurs are 20-5 and it's December. Relax. None of these games matter anyway. The regular season is just a dress rehearsal for the Spurs. Has been for 15 years.
ryneway::Good battle for a young suns team,  spurs' suffocating defense was the difference.  Dragic may have played too many minutes, he missed some easy  shots down the stretch.  Hornacek is doing a fantastic job. Phoenix is getting more athletic plays and will be better along the way.
Phillip::Why do Lakers fans always gotta hate on Spurs?  Like your team is even really relevant anymore.
Django::Good lesson for the Suns, played well against a very good Spurs team, kept it close until the end. Suns are one key player away from being contenders again.
dman::Frye is on fire!
Anton::How did a bunch of ancient Spurs win against the rising Phoenix young bloods?
gary::Miles Plumlee had a good game.The Spurs defense shut them down in the second half.
Prentis P::To my spurs fans... What the hell did de colo do to pop... He could be a big help and baynes i mean whats up with pop....
roborama::Love to Manu for pulling us through...Suns will NOT be fun for whomever draws them for a playoff series.
