Edward::Need to revamp the starting lineup and substitution rotation. First change is Gibson starting in place of Boozer. It is time to take full advantage of his defense, rebounding, and improved offensive game. Second change is Augustin starting in place of Hinrich. He brings speed, good play making, and more durability to the position. Third change is Murphy coming off the bench instead of Muhammad to backup Noah at center. Need to see how well he can rebound and defend. Also gives Bulls another 3 point shooter. Fourth change is giving Snell consistent game to game minutes to develop his defense and gradually work into the offensive scheme. 15-20 minutes seems right amount now. Fifth change is trade Deng. Move Butler to small forward which his talents are better suited for. Deng has been great for the Bulls, but management is not interested in paying him market value with Mirotic likely coming over next season.
Badomen::The Bulls management brain trust should be grateful that Rose is out because if he were playing the Bulls would not be among the elite teams. As they are now the Bulls are a mediocre to average NBA team. With Rose they are better than average.  Let us remember that when the Bulls lost MJ to baseball they still reached the conference finals because they had developed talent with complimentary players who knew their roles and were well coached.  The current team is simply lacking shooting talent to compete with the serious teams. They have a few players who could start on many teams but that's it. They bet everything that Rose would carry them and even at 100% Rose can't carry a lousy team on his back.
RAY B::I believe the Raptors are 8-3 since the Rudy Gay trade. Regardless of who the opponents were, its a totally different team.  Last 2 road wins impress me because they dominated the 4th quarters to win the games, something they have rarely done before.
Jay::The Raps defeated the Mavs and Thunder. I don't think those are mediocre teams.
another1::Another stunning game by Captain Kirk.  Who was the idiot that gave him that moniker?
another1::Wasted minuted on Dunleavy should go to Tony Snell's continued development.  This team is going nowhere.
Teh::Basketball at its ugliest...
J K::Toronto isn't "young" it's #$%$...it has a tiny winning streak mostly vs very bad teams & the idiot media and fans go nuts..happens every year with all the Toronto teams. They are Mickey Mouse and they never learn. DeMar DeRozan and Jonas Valanciunas are not going to lead you anywhere but mediocrity..just like Toronto likes it...
tuan::Taj Gibson should get more playing time.
Jonathan::Boozer, Hinrick and Noah combined 4-27. Hmmm.
