Seskatchewan::Clippers are an upcoming and real threat, trying to take the West as if it belonged to them until the Oklahoma City Thunder said to LA, "SIT DOWN LITTLE BOY!"
EuropeDude1981::The gamble  on thabeet seems to be paying off. He's actually been contributing
Qzhoopin20::OKC looks good and will continue to develop good chemistry with Martin replacing Harden. Durant is a BEAST....and so is Westbrook!! People love to trash Westbrook, but that dude is a game-changer!! Just ask Chris Paul!! And the best thing about him is that (1) he doesn't play scared....and (2) he doesn't give a damn what people on the outside say about him!
Gods illa::Lets just discredit the 4 years oh his career !  Don't judge a book by its cover homie
Excelscior1::True, along with his 40% shooting this year (Westbrick).
alexcr00123::Do you shoot 40% from the field? No. Shut up.
pnut4ou::Thunder
avier95::What is the point in having Kendrick Perkins on your roster at 11 million a year the guy cant shoot is slow as molasses and is only good for one fraudulent tough guy skirmish a game I think the Thunder would be a lot better if Collins started he's a better passer and shooter you cant afford to start two guys who aren't offensive threats and he understands positioning on the defensive end of the floor which explains why he draws a ton of charges.
Seskatchewan::According to avier, if you arent putting up 30 pts a game you arent contributing.... Some players know their roll. Harden didn't.
Gods illa::Perk is similar to big uglies in football  U can't win a ship with out the linemen who put in work day in and day out with out getting credit !  The offensive play makers often get most of the credit when a football team is doing well when in reality the linemen deserve a lot of credit as well ..  Same with thunder KD and Rus get credit but we wouldn't be where we are with out perk ..  OKC has some of the best owners in pro sports IMO ..  So trust me , if we could get someone better than perk we would ..  But don't think we aren't very capable of winning rings with perk as our 5
smtate91::Ask any of the centers in the NBA who they hate playing against and 90% of them will say Perkins. He's an excellent one-on-one defender in the post. He is overpaid but most players in the NBA are.
nba is the worst::According to ESPN, Perk's salary is $7,800,531.  Who is "Collins"?
Excelscior1::That may be his salary this year (to fit the cap). But it was reported he signed a 5 yr $55mil contract with OKC, when he did.
springfresh3.1::Phil?
springfresh3.1::Thabeet over KP and Nick off the bench
underpaidonlineGM::The Clippers will again ride the pick 'n roll and lob city during the regular season and into the playoffs and will once again be ousted early by a superior team like the Thunder -- and the Chris Paul experiment will come to a screeching halt in LA because no team he's on can get past the second round. True NBA greats such as Karl Malone and Charles Barkley at least made it to the NBA Finals. CP3 never will.
Gods illa::Lebron best player of our generation ! !  Comparing people to him is like comparing him to Jordan ! Get outta hea ! !
StanleyBonBagay::You probably said Lebron James would never win a championship.  That's what people who like to say NEVER do.
underpaidonlineGM::Let's see. They're both 27 years old. Number of conference finals played in:  Lebron - 4, CP3 zero.  NBA Finals played in:  Lebron - 3, CP3 zero.  NBA Championships:  Lebron - 1, CP3 zero.
Andrew bynums bowling shoes::West goes thru okc still
Excelscior1::Kendrick Perkins=Stealing Money (at $11mil pr yr).
Ejner1::"Westbrook, Durant carry Thunder..."  isn't that the headline after every OKC win?
Gods illa::That's the headline but real fans know the whole team deserves credit
Excelscior1::CP3 = (Can't Possibly Shoot 3's or anything else last night)
Excelscior1::Wow, I see Kendrick Perkins still succkks, and Martin is not doing so bad now. At least OKC has got the guts to make moves.
nylee64::"Matt Barnes come back please"   - Lakers Management
Miami-Star1::STOP BLAMING THE REFS!!!!!
Grape35OKC::Sefolosha = CP3 stopper
Chargers_4_Sale::The FT disparity became close until the Clippers had to foul KD. Excuse after another excuse.
Grape35OKC::Hey remember when we were suppose to miss James Harden???
MrRaider509::I know my  time would miss 20 + pts off the bench
oblique15::you will in the playoffs
BXwarriorBX::why? he already choked in the finals
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::im going to pound ur mouth
Grape35OKC::thats weird
Grape35OKC::Kevin Martin has been awesome. Thabeet improving with every game.  Sam Presti is a genius!!!!!
Sini123::Can't win them all!
MrRaider509::The heat own nobody just be glad it wasent the spurs you faced in the finals last year
MrRaider509::Thats not how you guys were actin when you play'd the spurs !! you guys were running your mouths like you just won 3 nba champion ships in a row !!
Clueless Heat Fan::sinis a heat fan and we own the thunder repeat baby
Td4mvp3::"man the clips suck"                 - Spurs
BarrelRider04::Hey Clip fans, the glass is half full. We didn't play a great game and we still had a game winning shot and took it to OT against one of the best teams in the league on the road. There is a lot of positives to take away even though we lost - we were actually due for a loss. Don't take credit away from the the Thunder, they didn't play great either but they did what they had to do to beat us. We look forward to the next matchup, I'm sure it will be close again...
MrRaider509::IF you think your team choked VS. Okc just wait till its playoff time !!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Yea spurs know something about choking vs OKC in the playoffs.
OBUrunner::This game should have never gone into overtime. The refs missed the call against D. Jordan ripping Perk's arm off on the last bucket for the Clips where Barns drove to the basket. So the argument that the refs were for the thunder can go out the window. Refs helped the clips too.
BarrelRider04::Yeah, no excuses here. Bad calls went both ways. Clips didn't get the job done and the Thunder did. It's really that simple.
nba is the worst::Only one person on this page mentioned the refs.  6 ft difference wasn't the difference.  Compare this one to the heat's OT "win".  Bucks 5 more FGs, heat get +21 fts
nba is the worst::I mean the +6 ft differential didn't decide the game. As opposed to the heat's +21
OBUrunner::I was referring to Vinny Del Negro's comment that the refs helped KD in giving him so many free throw attempts.   What do you mean with "6 ft difference wasn't the difference."
dodgertodd88::Kendrick Perkins can shut up. He's the weak link. They're better with Collison on the floor.
jc_sooner::Man... And I thought laker and heat fans made up a ton of excuses for their team losses... They have nothing on these clipper fans... If anyone should be used to losing, it's clipper fans.
Ustna5::Congrats on BARELY winning a game at home against a Clipper team where the PG had a horrendous game and they were also without a starter. LOL
raggy8292::It was a horrendous game because he shot horrible and got his points from taking 21 ft's. Theres no way in hell he deserved 21 ft's
OBUrunner::Maybe he had a horrendous game cause the D was that good? How about give credit where credit is do.
Arbyrick::Exactly!
Chargers_4_Sale::This is basketball and this was a horrendous game by Durant.
Ustna5::a season high of 35pts is a horrendous game for a scorer? LOL
cheeseheadkev123::Who carse  - its basketball - best part is the last minute anyway.
JrueRandallHoliday::You mean "the last minute" of the game that takes 15 minutes to end, ha-ha!
jonnylang3131::Its so funny to me when I read that so many people would take Westbrook over Paul. Are u kidding me Paul has so much more heart and intangibles and the will to win then Westbrook it's not even close. Ohh yea and here are some  career shooting stats Westbrook 43 percent from the field 29 percent from three Paul 47 percent from the field and 36 percent from three. Paul is a way better shooter and it's not even close. It's actually funny stat wise Paul pretty much dominates Westbrook in every stat category.
Westjag::And the Thunder organization will take #0 because we just keep winning. Westbrook will post Paul up night in and out. Haters. And to the idiot who said Paul has more HEART than Russ, now you're just exercising your right to talk out your a**
JrueRandallHoliday::I'd take the Point Guard that makes everyone around him better and not spectators... Chris Paul.
oblique15::Id take Chris Paul anyday cause hes not a Ball hog
ALLforthelulz::??? hes bigger and jumps higher. CP3 is quicker and faster, with an incredibly better handle. Now factor in his superior defense. Both on the ball and help. He's also a much more cognitive player, knowing when he needs to score and when to pass. He understands his role isn't to just be balls out aggressive every possession. He CAN be, you saw it in New Orleans whenever west was hurt. Don't just throw out PPG like it doesn't matter how they are obtained. Especially if its your PG, you want it through the offense. I.E not taking shots away from a player like, oh, Kevin Durant. I like westbrook, and he may very well grow into the player CP3 is over the years. But RIGHT NOW? Not a chance. Give me chris paul. Im a Celtics fan and rondo is forever my boy, but I would take CP3 without flinching. He's everything you want physically and mentally and he's in his prime
jonnylang3131::Those are the correct stats look it up.  Yea I'll give u westbrook is more physically gifted and is younger but Paul just has way more of an affect on on his team or any team he has played on.  Guarantee if u took a poll of NBA players who they would rather have as there point guard Paul or Westbrook. Paul wins it easily.
ChilamBilam12::those aren't the correct shooting statistics.. and Westbrook is perhaps one of the most gifted all around athletes in the NBA.  It's a close competition between the two, but if your wanting a guy to hang 25+ consistently and still put 8 assists on the board, i would pick Westbrook hands down.. Paul can have his 14 assists a game, but even though he has offensive talent, he isn't near as aggressive or fast as Westbrook, and he has like 6 years on the kid
Conky Bubs::lies
Matthew Borba::Saw this game from the floor right next to the Clipper bench. Was gratifying hearing the Clipper players and Coaches cry after this loss.
ALLforthelulz::Seeing it in person, whats the deal with griffin's rebounding numbers? I thought this would happen. Is he playing a lot more timidly after all the physical beating he took last year playing without a care about his body?
JrueRandallHoliday::I've been wondering the same thing...
bwp2bruce::They were crying because their team aka Lob City is de-funk
ZoomOnDatYamaha::you're a idiot
Gods illa::Yesss O-City or no city
famman1968::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this online on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. It is by far the best system I have ever tried in many years of betting
Arrow in the Knee::Only dumb Clipper fans blame this loss on the refs.   How about the missed FT's, CP3 being too complacent in the first half and then being ice cold in the second (yes he was defended well, but nothing he hasn't seen out of teams like Memphis), and a weaker bench with Butler's injury. Tough loss on the road, looking forward to the next OKC-Clipper matchup
KD for 3....................BANG::Gotta love Thabeet's progression
CarlyJoni::So both LA teams lost on the road tonight.  But losing to a quality team like OKC in OT vs. losing to Sacto Kings by 16 ?  Not even close.  Clips still the superior team in LA.
i came for cheese::<b>Clippers deserved to lose this game..they became too cocky..</b>
pguz4907::Clippers fans have come back to the surface of the earth after 100 years of hibernation.
Ustna5::you're not very bright, are you......?
4 Petes Sake::Clips fans- Wanna blame something?  Blame fundamentals  OKC- 34 of 39 freethrows LAC-  24 of 33 freethrows  Personal fouls were called even enough.  Clips just couldn't hit them.  Quit making excuses.
Society619::Notice all the Laker trolls disappeared after they lost to the Kings by 16....Championship my $@%
pguz4907::"And the rise of the Sacramento Queens begins..........." -Shaquille O'Neal
TRAVIS58236::Holy $#!t it was 16?  HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...(breath)...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHA!
TRAVIS58236::"Herp derp... OKC is soo like rural and stuff. Please pay no attention to the 10 inch blue and orange  c0ck in my @$$"  -willy
4 Petes Sake::ZoomOnDatYamaha Thunder and refs got away with a win. Dam cp3 had a bad game 2-14 and thunder at home barely win , clippers are the best in the west...more  Wow, not even 15 games into the season and this PUD is already making excuses.
RafaWoods01::Moral victories, hilarious.
BlueSh1rt::I know. Check the free throw attempts by each team. Refs had nothing to do with who won. Maybe CP3 had a bad game because he was a foot shorter than his defender.
Kev_010::I'll take Westbrook over Paul anyday. You see Westbrook posting up on Paul to get them easy shots. Thats all he needs to do.
Freeh Willy::Isn't Oklahoma the trailer park of Texas?
RDavison82::LOL, Willy ripping into another state when california is bankrupt and have some of the highest.uunployment/crime rates in the nation is hilarious.  I cant want until cali falls of into the pacific thats going to be a great day for everyone.
TRAVIS58236::Your tears...they taste like turkey. Mmmm clipper despair trolling...it's magically delicious  LMFAO @ this $@%!$@% failed laker fan
BlueSh1rt::He should ask his daddy/uncle.
4 Petes Sake::Sure.  I live in a trailer.  Does it tickle your shallow intelligence to make stereotypical comments?  Little boy.
BarrelRider04::Clips fan here, no excuses, we lost. Yes, Paul had a bad game but that's because a guy a foot taller was guarding him. Great game plan by the Thunder. We had a chance to win and didn't. Nice game Thunder and look forward to the next matchup.
baller1016::Always a great show between these two teams. Look forward to meeting again and good look with the rest of your season!
Kobelies247::Hey Clippers, dont worry to much about this game ok? Atleast you actually lost to a somewhat good team......
Freeh Willy::I like Cheerios.
IamMrBob::So How does someone in LA decide whether their a Clippers fan or a Lakers fan? or do they just root for both? The Clippers Owner should just move them to a city where they would be really appreciated
Freeh Willy::Says the troll whose team (a) sucks, and (b) is in the nearest "big city" like 400 miles away.  So he says, "yeah, your team is better, but you must not be a good fan."  Go with it bro.
Darshan Sundaram::Ibaka and Teague for David Lee and Ersan? Good or bad I got Ibaka
markdexter11::Durant Kevin, You obviously haven't been watching him play this year huh? He's actually getting a lot better.
TRAVIS58236::Seriously? Wow.
Durant Kevin::David Lee can actually score, rebound and play D  consistently..... Ibaka can only block shots from the weak side.
ZoomOnDatYamaha::Thunder and refs got away with a win. Dam cp3 had a bad game 2-14 and thunder at home barely win , clippers are the best in the west
jembree44::Durant  and Westbrook had off nights and the Thunder still Beat your team...And Westbrook OWNED CP3 just like he ALWAYS does.....It was funny watching CP3 crying about Thabo guarding him half the time...LMAO  ! ! !
baller1016::Refs made bad calls all night. LA can't change the outcome so they just need to focus on their next game
skoony::lost is a lost?  u talk good
ZoomOnDatYamaha::lost is a lost. But cp3 shooting 2-14 when does that happen. And it takes ot to close us out. What does that say about the thunder  at home with help from the ref
loodakris5928::it says sefalosha and okc did a damn good job on cp3.  CP3 - "what happened to the good ol days when point guards guarded each other?"
Oklathundersooner::UMMMNNN?? IDIOT YOU JUST LOST  #RE $@%!
den1190::So it was the bad game AND the refs? Interesting... 1 point or 50 it's win, suck it up.
Freeh Willy::Yeah, no excuses, right. Like when the Clips owned the Thunder last year.
Td4mvp3::Im glad the spurs injuries are taking their toll early on in the season...that means later on we will be at full strength
Freeh Willy::You would make a solid NBA coach, I think, er not.
Durant Kevin::yes Injuries make people stronger...How about you break both of your arms to increase your bench press max.
robdiaz2191::lakers just lost to the kings, wtf
Freeh Willy::What's your point?  Old guys can't win?
aquafinah20::^naw, its kobe fault.
aquafinah20::kobe lost the game, not the lakers, i dont understand kobe sometimes,smh.
loodakris5928::hahaha kobes been doing this for a few years now!
robdiaz2191::pau was also being way to passive, he would catch the ball in the paint and toss it out to a 3 point shooter. he should of been more aggressive
Jordan Jefferson is the best QB ever.::<b> Someone buy me an Audi R8. </b>
aquafinah20::Kobe is too old to still be ballhogging,plus lakers have a great team, and they lose to a sorry team,smh.
Td4mvp3::man okc made clips look ugly tonight
Freeh Willy::Man way to dominate a team once you get to overtime.  Wow!  Thunder rawks!
robdiaz2191::clips are garbage, spurs woulda won by 10 if we had kawhi or jackson the other night
GotMeDatBBallscholahship::Clippers didn't have Grant Hill or Billups.
Td4mvp3::I knoooooow!!!!!
robdiaz2191::LMAO some clown just said the spurs wont make the playoffs, bahahahaahahahhaa
Td4mvp3::they're clippers fans what do u expect?
