Chris Smith::Officials doing everything they can to keep the nets in this one
Joe Brooks::Really bad teams find ways to lose at home to other bad teams.
Eric Jvon Thomas::Lol wizards are bad team? Beal  and Nene were out for a while, wizards are legit
Melvin Hall::Lets go Wizards
Jordan Luongo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XV84e6QOPM&feature=youtu.be
Dave Galehouse::12 million a year for 7 points and 4 rebounds is pretty good from KG right????
Collin Smith::Brad beal and Nene make a difference. If they stay healthy i still think we can get 3,4,5 seed
Carl D Hill::No, just NO....
Collin Smith::Carl D Hill look at are record with nene and beal. Nene is avrg. 15 and beal can avrg like 23 points this year if he stays healthy.
Carl D Hill::Collin Smith They are good, but, come, come now, more like squeak in with the 7/8 seed...
Duddly Jones::Need a rest after winning the championship against 76ers two nights ago.
Chris Smith::Officiating has become a complete joke wow
Collin Smith::Look where their at. New york
Ben Black::Still better than nfl officiating
Matthew Sedlmeyer::***add brooklyn fan excuse here***
Carl D Hill::Nets are OLD....
Ben Black::Wait till ak47 come back.
Andrew Staley::Wizards get this dub in OT, John Wall with 28 points 8 ast.
Danny Harvey::u no dat how?
Carl D Hill::57%, yep, that defense got better....
Alvin Castillo::The nets cant even keep up with the wizards such an overrated team with such egoistic players.. I pity coach kidd this team will be his downfall...
Duddly Jones::Nets stink
Paul Sharpe::Wow....  Everyone always knew Pierce & Garnett were shite....  but now they've certainly cemented their place in the gutter of history...   KG, how about another mindless, rambling, idiotic statement after a game?!  & PP, how about another McHale leg whip classless 'tackle' of an opposing player, or is Rondo, the caveman, uni-brow, who can't shoot, the only one allowed to be THAT pathetic these days...?!   Celtics & former Celtics, most classless players ever...  LMAO
Gordon Waller::Wow, the Nets stink.  What happened to the bad a$$, grown a$$ men that were all stone faced and just so tough you didn't want to look them in the eye?  I thought they were gonna own NYC.  At least they get free Beats.
Randyl Ybanez::That was one of the dumbest foul that ive ever seen this season from a very overrated player Joe Johnson to nene..
Wade Russ::Why is it every time we play these scrubs they always hit the most BS shots?
Collin Smith::please dont tell me your nets fan.......
Walker Cummins::Scrubs? Have you watched your nets with highest payroll in the nba ? Sir those are the scrubs...as in the nets.
Chris Smith::If they call this a clear path I'm going to lose it
Joe Brooks::Relax Chris, the Nets will lose.
Ben Hall::Brooklyn needs to take way more shots.
Tim Bagby::Good win wizards
Kuduzovic Dzevad::@RealJasonKidd says Brook Lopez is a ganetime decision. If he's not a go, @Teletovic33 will again start next to Kevin Garnett. #NETSonYES
