100_Spoke_City::Daequan Cook ...... The Chef is in the KITCHEN !!!!!
realitynotfantasy::Harden ...soft?   Why? Because HE made it a "boy who cried wolf situation from HIS past.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXv7r6DyEag  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBLxh2uXpEE  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gDcHZ1lszY  You can't tell much from his actions including the league concussion "tests" (which are based on JUST Harden's ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS) -  So he would definitely say he was having headaches, blurred vision, etc., to make things look as bad as possible just so the league wouldn't let him play which would in turn penalize the Lakers and also "fire" up the Thunder fans.  He would especially do this BEFORE the league ruled on Artest's suspension and definitely before a game which didn't matter to Thunder playoff standing.
170Caleb::Welcome back Daequan Cook!!
yalucas1::all time "WHAT IF?" team, first link below (with roy yao ming and mcgrady, new big 3) https://www.google.ca/#hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;sa=X&amp;psj=1&amp;ei=4gqYT9rqBpH3ggeuzJT6Bg&amp;ved=0CBkQvwUoAQ&amp;q=busta+sports+what+if+team&amp;spell=1&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_cp.r_qf.,cf.osb&amp;fp=c4126340f3b2a615&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=775
dmodmodmo::You seriously just linked to a Google search for the page you wanted to show us?
time machine11::Kevin Durant and DeMarcus Cousins had almost identical stats. Either Cousins just had a really, really good game, or he's a threat that no one is aware of. But Caps all day is right...Kevin Durant is a beast.
100_Spoke_City::Cousins is a BEAST .... in the right system he would be a serous problem... people write him off cause of past immaturities, but you CANT DENY the TALENT
iSeeTheHateInYoEyes::Cousins is simply a volume scorer. 44% FG, he's as accurate on dunks/inside shots as Kobe is launching turn around fade-away jumpers.
Martin Rodriguez677::That's silly. That would make Cousins an MVP candidate then hands down. Sounds like you took a really ill-timed opportunity to make a dig on Kobe. If anything, the parallel you attempted to draw only makes Kobe look that much more spectacular and unattainable in tangible stats, by comparison. Just letting you know to be nice.
Caps all day::Kevin Durant is a beast
OFrog::He is a NBA chosen one that gets an awful lot of charity for a jump shooter.
ThunderHornz::First of all everyone likes/wants glory for their team. Laker fans WILL be bragging IF Kobe gets scoring title though they say not important.  Second of all, Okc has team for four years-fans have been jacked up the whole time. Third, Okc has surpassed all expectations much sooner than anyone predicted - its hard to be bummed about that. Last, harden is not soft. He sucker baited lakers most unstable player, took the shot, and just caused lakers probs in their first round. Now THAT is taking one for the team.
ACandOJ::So he flopped??
ACandOJ::Maybe he hit his head when he fell??
dpnorris::Do you understand the meaning of flop? The dude got a concussion.
ACandOJ::Damn....KD took 19 field goal attempts on top of 16 free throws....someone wants a scoring title.  Why is he even playing if OKC is locked into the 2nd seed??
time machine11::KD got 32 points in only three quarters? wow...
crapp101584::OKC hasn't been playing great so it's a good idea to get back into some sort of groove going into the playoffs... he also didn't see the court in the fourth.  So there ya go.
ThunderHornz::Last night's win means that if Okc ends up facing the heat Okc has home court advantage.
ACandOJ::Damn...thinking that far ahead?? I would be trying to avoid an injury....like the Heat.  No good havign homecourt on the Heat if a star turns an ankle
Billywhiterock::Hmm Jimmer ZERO points go figure...
korbmania8::yea this is a great comment. he shot two shots and played nine minutes what do you expect? someone tell me why coach smart feels the need to play his starters the whole game during these games that mean nothing? jimmer needs a new team desperately and he'll show you what he can do
sklater::But one of two players in the +.
underdawg87::Give Jimmer 46 minutes and he would score more than 11.  Just sayin...
Marcumm::Seriously. Lately hes been scoring around 11 in just 15 min of play. Cant imagine the points hed put up with IT's minutes.
scotthomgren1968::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was...more
Marcumm::lol Chadwi is the biggest jimmer jihadist I've ever seen and ofrog is the biggest jimmer hater. In regards to fredette people that are saying he sucks because  he has zero points in nine minutes of play are straight up looking for reasons to hate.You can't say a rookie sucks just cuz he's on the bench. He has to be on the court in order to suck. Among rookies he's actually top 5 or 6 in scoring and three point percentage. But I think that since he had such high expectations put on him and he hasn't lived up to that and the fact Isaiah is playing well the haters are saying he's a bum when in reality he is among the top of the rookie ladder. Give him a normal off-season and I'm sure he'll be a lot better. Hopefully smart will actually learn to utilize his bench by next season instead of playing the starters 40 plus minutes and having them gas. Almost all the players have no identity. Playing for that team is a crappy situation for anyone except maybe Isaiah who hasn't had to change his game at all.
OFrog::Nice label as usual. Would be nice if you had any type of proof of that false accusation. Show me one Jimmer hating post I made in this thread.
Marcumm::LOLOLOLOL. Ofrog you troll on Jimmer after every Kings game.  But I will give you credit this time around since it was mainly about you and Chad battling it out which there were some pretty funny comments below.
BlazersWar::looks like Durant got bailed out by the refs ... nothing new
time machine11::hater
Dented_rim::OKC fans have a problem with being chased down - first the Spurs and now Kobe. Leave the living through your sports teams to the East Coast - their hide is much thicker than a city that has no World Titles.  Scoring titles... lol, next they will gush over Brad Piit for being an Okie. Make your self useful and go load the dishwasher.
ThunderHornz::Maid does that. I'm sorry you seem so bitter and threatened. Try Prozac.
SocialDynamic::people criticize kobe for "chucking"...MJ in 97-98 had 28.7 points on 23.2 shots, with 3.5 assists....kobe has 23.0 fg attempts and more assists...
xxxhawk::kobe &amp; Durant both volume shooters but ... kobe far worse gunner, note kobe 42% &amp; Durant 50% for season. Durant &gt; kobe
Dented_rim::Durant - 1 assist in 32 minutes - if that isn't a chucker then what is? I like Durant, but he isn't even as good as Bob McAdoo.   Durant - 22 turnovers in his last 5 games. Kobe can at least grind and dribble more than 5 times with a guy on his back without turning the ball over. If Durant has to dribble more than 4 times, it usually results in a TO.
Rhubarbjackson::Lol Chad and his little bitchez
scotthomgren1968::LaKERS SUX
superskin59::Go to hell.
scotthomgren1968::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
Hollerationatory::Someone summarize what happened. The Spurs demand to know the affairs of their Western Conference Kingdom.
Hollerationatory::....
420floyd::who are the spurs?
time machine11::are you serious, man?
First Amendment::Every other minute that durant was on the floor he shot a free throw, lol
Joey801bear::Go UTAH JAZZ!!!!!!
xxxhawk::Durant win the scoring title! The nba does not need a kobe shooting 42%fgs &amp; 29%3pters winning... And Durant just putting up 19 shots, is not going to get it. Durant needs to score 40 or 50pts in last game. kobe's obsessive ego will drive him to jack up 30 to 40+ shots to steal the scoring title.... kobe's last game is after Durant's so he will know &amp; will put up as many shots as neccessary, at least make it hard on this gunner. For the integrity of the NBA &amp; in rememberence or Harden....Durant win.
Dented_rim::This dude is trippin'  In rememberence of Harden?   I guess when you have no Titles that matter - a scoring title is a big deal. I like both players - but Kobe works twice as hard to get shots as Durant, who scores far more from the outside. Kobe has to invent shots while Durant can shoot over most of his defenders. As for your comment that Kobe is a Title chaser - what player isn't? You try way to hard - and as for your man love of Durant, I'm sure he will never give you any thought at all.
xxxhawk::kobe 42%fgs &amp; 29%3pters Durant 50%fgs :&amp; 38% 3pters. EOM
Blakemg1::If KD goes for 32 against the Nuggets, then Kobe will need 35 on Thursday against the Kings to pass him for the scoring title.
xxxhawk::kobrick will score 35+ even if it takes him 40-50 shots.  Durant needs to score 40-60 to win. kobe losing scoring title would be a big mind game win for Thunder... a statement.
xxxhawk::Agree,  kobe stuffs his stats &amp; chases things to self agrandize himself. Started on his 1st day in the NBA, kobe refused to play for Charlotte the team that drafted him &amp; threatened to sit out unless traded to Shaq &amp; Lakers. A true ring chaser who later demanded to be traded from lakers after he couldn't win a single playoff in 3 years after running off Shaq.  Durant can at least make it hard on him.
Blakemg1::Lakers have nothing to play for, they're locked into the 3 seed, so look for Kobe to take as many shots to score as many points as necessary.   The scoring title is Kobe's. Sorry.
1234Mitch::How would a Heat-Thunder championship go?  Would they just take turns taking free throws or something?
miked_1::Artest suspended only 7 games,i just wish the laker lose 4-0
Blakemg1::How's it feel not to have your wishes come true?
miked_1::i like ur name but i dont like you^^
Suspended116Names::It will feel wonderful for me
sykog::Thats the gayest commercial ever
springfresh33::@ chadwi12   I missed your post earlier. I dont really feel like scrolling but I guess I will take your word for it.
lakerfan3902::Refs in full force 16 free throws wow.
grapenutz78::hating causes cancer
cocainenasals::why was harden out?
Anti-Stratfordian::he was suspended for headbutting Artest's elbow
Giggity.iggity::No offense guys, but 1 block, 1 foul, and 1 defensive rebound and Serge Ibaka is even being considered for DPOY?  This guy is not as good as advertised.  He leaves his feet all too often to swat shots that don't even exist, allowing easy baskets and assists at the rim.
avstract::My suggestion: look at a year's work, not one game's work, to consider DPOY.  I don't know about you but leaving your feet helps your chances in blocking a shot. Here's a stat: in the 3 games vs. sac prior - total 25 blocks
ZRated77::1 game or a few games with those numbers doesn't spoil his season performance.... Westbrook been on fire and then cold as can be in other games. The fact that Ibaka is off his feet constantly shows his active role in play. There is no doubt he is effective and far from overrated.... Season-wise he is the man you want in the paint as a defender.... and on offense.
LAndofTroyfan2::Harden is soft.
crapp101584::League wouldn't allow him to play because he didnt pass concussion tests.  Whether or not he's soft he wouldnt have played in this game.
Jawzdasigrho::wow jimmer is whack, he literally will have to go novak and just shoot 3s and nothing else
Nathanater24::half of durants points at the free throw line
--KINGME--1.1::wow no kings highlights in the espn highlights of the game
cggw::Jimmer is a fraud, opposing guards violating the honor code against him all year
chadwi12::duh moron... no one once to see that aweful basketball outside of you... its horrendous to watch.... between me and you.. fredette will be a f*ckin star.... and ur so damn dumb u dont even see it right under ur nose... u dont even notice the way they dont ever pass to him..... how his coach screws him again and again... u blind fool.... ur the worst kind of idiot.... a blind one
EarlDean60::Shut up and go suck his $@%!
LifeInInfrared::Shut the f.uck up.
--KINGME--1.1::well I'm out, GG Thunder. Have fun with your angry life chad you bitter punk. GN all go kings!
chadwi12::enjoyed another ace whipping by the thunders sec unit tonight.... while ur dumbace racist coach sat ur number one draft pick the whole sec half.... ur a f&amp;ckin idiot... u should be more pissed than me... u boys didnt do a damn positive thing all year, and that dumb ace idiot still didnt play the number one draft pick...  and being a aztec fan, u should fffffn know better...... how many times does fredette have to b&amp;tch slap ur crusty crew for u to realize what a talent he is... instead ur one of the idiots piling on... there;s enough cats who dont look like u rooting for him to fail.... and they all stick together... shame on you u little punk pasty bitc* for making it an effort to be on the other side of things... waste of space
Rhubarbjackson::LOL Chad pwning this board.
kfilter::god chad is a $@%!$@
JBurhenn253::You ever think that maybe the Aztecs were a lil over rated
chadwi12::what will we f^^^ing do without the little bit&amp;&amp; who's always here....
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::Jordan = 6 rings 6 Finals M.V.P.s
legacyreaper32::Curious, do people think Jordan is the greatest because of his playoffs performance, or just because he was the first player to play with such flare?  Nowadays, you have bigger and taller players who move just as fast, if not faster than Jordan (e.g. Durant, Lebron), except they don't have tie longevity or titles just yet.    If GOAT is based on potential alone, I would have to put Lebron and Durant in front of Jordan, because either one of these players would be able to contain him.  Kobe and Jordan would be a stalemate, because no one would have the advantage.
Blakemg1::What makes Jordan the greatest ever was his unwavering will to win, his unparalleled competitiveness and inability to accept failure.   He was a pathological winner, basically. By the time he retired in '98 there were dozens of better athletes in the league, but nobody has ever been better at leading his team to victory.... other than Bill Russell of course, but that was a completely different era.
JBurhenn253::None of these guys could contain him. Athleticism isn't everything. Jordan was smart, he knew all the lil tricks. He knew how to get into guys heads and make em do what he wanted.
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::Nacho3940 - Westbrook is a brick... house  Letting it all hang out?
chadwi12::and quietly he's gone.... fact, i ran all u little bi^ches off
--KINGME--1.1::Boo hoo baby
Nacho3940::Westbrook is a brick... house
TaipeiMort::Sac's Coach: I don't play the best shooter on my team because of his unblackness.
vocalz24k::not the best shooter until he hits a better percentage..
--KINGME--1.1::thornton was hurt
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::legacyreaper32 - To be fair, nobody misses Jordan either.  Ummmmmm....false. o.o People would want to see Jordan play in any decade..sadly it's not possible, but he brought a certain energy and swagger to basketball that made it fun to watch...there were hardly fans that didn't want to watch a game that Jordan played in...even against below .500 teams just like today's star...just on a much larger scale. O.O  But if we are talking about Jordan as a GM...then no ....he wouldn't be missed. o.o
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::i really didn't think I had the trolling ability to get Ardor off these boards.  we did it together guys, thats a team effort and no one individual is the MVP.
Ardor48::Jordan, Kobe, Russell, Wilt, Magic. With that I am out.
springfresh33::Better run to Walgreens,... they are about to close
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::Replace Kobe with Shaq...then you can go.
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::good chuckin'!
rhowe982::Please go!
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::Seriously....people actually believe that Kobe will be missed? He doesn't have that Jordan air at all...lol. When Kobe leaves...nobody is going to be upset....too many superstars in the league to really give a fuck.
legacyreaper32::To be fair, nobody misses Jordan either.
itsatrap123::The Bobcats won't.
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::i just wanna thank you for coinin the term chuckin beans bryant
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::Chuckin' Beans Bryant is reported to have said that Lebron must be the greatest player in the history of the universe if he had 66 wins and a finals appearance with Mike Brown and the worst supporting lineup ever.  Chuckin' Beans Bryant (CBB)
Ardor48::You are an idiot
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::chuck you motherchucker
berr3555::Kobe got the upper hand in the scoring title, the Lakers play on Thursday after the Thunder are done. he is going to know how much he needs to score to win the scoring title in a insignificant game.
rhowe982::Yeah never wished an injury on anyone but if winning a title means anything the Clippers lost already, the scoring title don't mean garbage! He needs to rest@
chadwi12::spring fresh i would like to issue u a challenge... u wont, and i sure as heck dont blame u.....  but here it is.... go back to the beginning of the sec half where everything was still quite cordial... and then entered frog first, king me sec and k filter third... go see who tries to take the convo personal, and who simply stood up for himself.... all these three do is try to create a fasad.... and when u post directing me to ease up, u have bought it hook line and sinker... im sorry for calling u a dumbace.... i was stuck in that mode dealing with these three...
chadwi12::lololol u get tickled at that... careful ur by urself... we both know u dont do so well on ur own.... kitten..... im betting ur out in a matter of min
chadwi12::cause im the making up type huh queen.... dont get it twisted... i liked the clever intelligent way he came at me... not like a senseless ignorant little chump throwing teenage slanders trying to attract all the block heads to his cause..... uv succeeding... u r the company u keep... frog and a k filter... my post to fresh was legit
--KINGME--1.1::lololol
--KINGME--1.1::lol trying to make up with spring fresh
berr3555::i think is laughable that people here want to reap on Durant for being competitive and going for the scoring title, or is just fans seeing the chances of their guy fading away.
tboneosu1::If he was really going for the scoring title, he would have demanded to play in the fourth quarter. His 32 were in the first 3 quarters.
rhowe982::He won already now he needs a title!
Ardor48::After Kobe wins his 6th ring, he will be behind only Jordan as the GOAT. Are you guys mad?
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::Now you show your true colors....was that so bad...Kobe dickrider?
rhowe982::Umm news update! There is no way in hell Kobe is getting another ring! Phil is gone!
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::i'm chuckin' up my food bits i'm so mad!
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::Kobe is the first player to have great stats on an untalented team.  - what chuckin' fans think
