127decibels::Lillard coming in 11th in the entire NBA in scoring - as a rookie...right behind guys like Westbrook, Mayo, Bosh and Pierce...and ahead of NBA veterans such as Duncan, Ellis, Howard, Griffin, Parker and CP3.   He'll get bypassed for someone else in the All Star game this year, but give him another year of development and you may see Lillard as one of the top PGs in the NBA. Needs to bring up his assist total by about 1pg and his FG% by about 2%, but other than that, he's there. He already runs the team like a star.
shniggins::ESPN highlights are such B.S. Blazers have an 18 point come back and win the game but the Bobcats are the only team highlighted until the last shot in the 4th and one OT shot.
acosc453::wtf why did hickson only play 12 minutes????
127decibels::Initially he just struggled, that's true. But what happened was that Charlotte was deliberately sagging in on defense, making life very difficult on the Blazer bigs. That's why when Stotts put in the 4 shooters + Aldridge, it was so effective.
CBass1317::He looked pretty terrrible
fischisgod::the people complaining about the highlights didnt watch the game. The Blazers didnt really play well at all, the bobcats just kept dribbling the ball out of bounds or jacking up a shot and not getting an offensive rebounds. Bobcats need someone down low to rebound. As ridiculous as it sounds they really miss Tyrus Thomas. And what happened to Hakim Warrick?
ChrisSl::I didn't see the game, and I want to know how Portland won.  The video highlights do not tell the story of the game because they were all about Charlotte.  That is bad reporting and makes me go to another site to see real highlights.  This is not the first time ESPN has done this.
Zyme86::ya, just went to NBA.com and the highlights are much more holistic
CBass1317::Exactly.  Terrible job by ESPN.  I come here to read various stories, but NBA.com is vastly superior in terms of highlight.  ESPN highlights are worthless.  Usually only four or five plays, and never the relevant plays.
epic dude 28::way to ruin ben gordon's 10,000th point. 18 point lead and blew it.
nba is the worst::Way to waste an 8 threes night for Gordon.  Knicks are up next, the streak will continue
Rosstafarian5371::Bobcats really should have won that game, another lesson for a young team I guess. Honestly the Blazers look awful starting the 4th QTR with tons of turn overs and the Bobcats pulled away by 14 or so but anyways a young team can learn from this.  As much as sometimes I hate Mullens, that was a sick dunk he had on Aldridge.
kdavis945::i'm surprised the blazers won that game...from the highlights it looked as though the bobcats did, thanks for the 7 bobcats highlights and the 2 blazer highlights espn...mix in some blazer highlights next time, maybe even 50/50. it's a tired act espn, and it happens all the time! either way go zers, rip city!!!
heatfaninfl::Been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 3k a month profit using this system. You can find the system on google by searching sports betting system.
hillybilly400::Dang it Bobcats..............you had this one.......................
JensenJaxon::Flop of the night http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
127decibels::You're on the wrong thread.
jay227757::that's crazy they'd disrespect the blazers like that, but we saw it, and we know it was incredible.
DISandDAT6::Is SportsCenter just going to ignore this game? 18 point comeback with 5 minutes left. Not exciting I guess.
joest2003::It was the Trailblazers..........
127decibels::So what?
Kobelies247::GO clips :)   hehe
SuperCMB2011::don't worry I'm not a blazer fan...
Kobelies247::Ya, i wasnt worried trust me...
SuperCMB2011::ok then...whatever you say. You clip fans get what you want anyways...just like your team does from refs at the end of games... :-/
Kobelies247::oh jesus, Trust me i know what its like to be a hardcore blazer fan lol Its not fun...
SuperCMB2011::wrong forum...
127decibels::Nah, anytime you post, you have the wrong one.
Kobelies247::Nah i got the right one :)
svinyard::CP3 is one of the league top floppers but CP3 does it in creative and cool ways like slidin oout on a small bump while still dribbling. This Chancey flop was sad. Like he didn't even try to make it but wanted a desperate bailout call. Sad to see from Former Big Shot. I could care less about the Jazz Btw. Go blazers
svinyard::Lillard had ridiculous games at times and ESPN just wants to talk about MKG or Barnes or fu kcing Waiters amazing scoring. This whole time Lillard is CONSISTENTLY putting up numbers that eclipse DRose rookie numbers.... silence at ESPN on him though. Wtf?
Scappoozer::Really ESPN? That was the worst video recap of a game I've ever seen, way to tell the story. All kinds of high-lites of the Bobcats and they lost. It was left up to some intern in the film room, telling the Gordon and Kemba Walker story then realizing Portland came back to win the game and hoping no one noticed his video gaffe. We noticed you never mentioned Damian Lillard torching Walker for 24 and 9 and Batum with 17 13 and 7 and then nothing in the video of the Blazers being down by 18 with 5:17 left in regulation. Really?
fischisgod::If you watched the game you would see that none of the Blazers played particularly well. Matthews shot pretty good but the rest of the game was the Bobcats giving the game away in the 4th. It was Aldridge banging down low and the Bobcats coming down court jacking up a long shot and the Blazers rebounding. The play didnt really lend itself to highlight clips
UConnTaliek::Lillard torching Walker?  Walker shot 9-19, Lillard shot 6-16.  He just got to the line a lot.  Kemba had more steals, boards, fewer turnovers.  22 vs. 24 points? Doesn't sound like torching.
Scappoozer::A couple of crappy teams but the dude's a Rookie and led his team to victory, Walker led his team to nothing, torched!
jraedeke@hotmail.com::I thought the same exact thing after watching the recap.  That was absolutely pathetic!
SlomanOwning::Ben Gordon 6th man of the year
joe quack::hhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahaha
roll_n_riot::wow the Bobcats put up that much of a fight
Malcolm8724::Damian Lillard is the next Lebron James  Supastar
Zyme86::Not, but still looking like an All-Star.
Rosstafarian5371::not..  -Said everyone, every where else.
Kujosh54321::Good game from both teams. Blazers definitely stole this game that looked like it would be a Bobcat win. Blazers have a keeper in lillard. Good luck for the season blazers fans.
Rip City Forever::Still in shock how fast Charlotte blew that game, just crazy!!! I knew the blazers wouldn't lose to the "bobcats"!
svinyard::So, Lillard struggles from the 3...BUT finally for the first time I've seen he recognized it and just forced it down the paint and got to the line.  This is how DRose closes games (he finishes for 3 pt plays though).  Lillard will start to do more of this and it will do a LOT for his game.  He and LA are the only ones who can force the game down low.  You aint going to win all season shooting jumpers.  Good work Dame.
Rip City Forever::Rookie of the year. Boss. Aldridge too.
Rip City Forever::To all u stanky pus sy cats out there that was talking mad crap...we told u so...to all the non troll cat fans out there, good game. Another good day to be a blazer
blazerballboy111::ESPN you are pathetic sometimes. 8 Bobcat highlights in a loss and  only 2 Blazer highlights.
SuperCMB2011::ESPN is sooo biased in many directions. Sometimes it doesn't even make sense..,
Rip City Forever::Hahaha I know it. They don't like our team, even when we're good! Oh well who cares? Atleast we get to watch them
ILlawyerVIP::still can't believe this happened
svinyard::Why the HELL didn't your team keep feeding Gordon late????????????  He was KILLING us
Rip City Forever::That's fine. But all the ones saying we were going down, I knew it wasn't gonna happen...peace love n harmony
Rip City Forever::I told u guys u were gonna lose. All u Charlotte fans getting carried away lol
Talentsojhin::how dare we root for our team!
mdr2855::Believe it
mdr2855::Go Blazers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KlettBurgh::My girl told me to kiss her where it stinks, so I took her to Toronto
mdr2855::Shocker!!
sk0dawgs::wadya call an anorexic with a yeast infection         quarter pounder w/ cheeeez
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::epic choke wow
81361rc::18 pt.lead with 5 to go and you lose. somebody needs to be fired.
GrandmasBoyBro858::Fixed for entertainment
mdr2855::ha ha!!
mdr2855::BS Blazers took advantage of bad play by the B'Cats late in the game, got the win - not fixed for entertainment d*bag
SlomanOwning::get blazed
rodjordan98::what happen to jj hicks. he only played 12 min
DISandDAT6::Played poorly.
Rob Riggle FTW::why did hickson play only 12 min?
ctown8686::CUZ HES TRASH
35Jordan::Nah not really what is he top 6 in rebounds in the NBA? It's just tough for him to get touches because of all the other guys
35Jordan::it seems to me that hickson is one of the more streaky players on this roster he is either going to have a monster or a very poor game.
Liquidplumrman::He is probably running on fumes... there aren't too many 6'9" centers in the league.
127decibels::Because he was being outplayed by 2 other guys, plus the fact that the Bobcats were collapsing in on everything. That's one reason I was fired up about Stott's coaching tonight.
wet nuts 3::Good night folks - watch out for the lawyer guy on here he sounds real shady
Liquidplumrman::Damn I shouldn't have given him my credit card info... he seems like such a scholar.
35Jordan::Hey Kobelies are you a subscriber to Blazersedge?
35Jordan::Damian Lilliard probably wouldn't have been 1-8 from three if he would have taken 25 foot threes instead of 35 footers!
svinyard::If you knew Portland basketball you would know that LA doesn't always fight for position and hence getting him the ball at 19ft doesn't do much other than tempt him to take a bad shot. Lillard is young but seriously its a good thing that he doesn't have much of a conscience.  Not to mention he has shot well from the 3.
127decibels::The thing is, he can hit those long 3s.
35Jordan::oh definitely!
127decibels::He'll only get better too.
35Jordan::I know he passes shots up but when you have a 6 of 16 shooting game and 1 of 8 from the three point line and you have a guy that is an all star that was scoring at will you should make it your job to get him the ball ever possession!
35Jordan::Don't get me wrong Decibels I love the kid he just has Westbrook moments where he should be getting the ball to LA every time but instead takes bad shots. He will be good in this league just on off nights not shoot so much
127decibels::Ball hog?   It's night and day when Dame runs the team vs anyone else. If anything, he passes up way too much in the early game.
35Jordan::Although when your 1-8 you should probably stop being a ball hog and start passing LMA who was hotter then a ten dollar pistol.
Liquidplumrman::Probably tired legs... no other rookie plays as many minutes as he does and is such an integral part of his team.
cha cha chia-::I coulda swore the Bobcats were leading this by like 15 lol........... same old bobcats
Rip City Forever::What did I say
ILlawyerVIP::EDUARDO IS TOO BUSY RUNNING FROM HIS BOOKIE.
KlettBurgh::My girl told me to kiss her where it stinks, so I took her to Toronto
angelrod1977_banned2::Your joke called me, said he wanted you to stop....
127decibels::It was a joke?
35Jordan::Mj- where is Adam Morrison when you need him?
56grandemac::The bench scored over 30........Whoooo Hooooo! About time. Go Blazers!
hokies63::Panthers lose to the 1-10 Chiefs, and the Bobcats blow a 18-point lead, this week fuc**** SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!
hokies63::yep
hokies63::yep
cjpanther1::yeah, cant argue with that
angelrod1977_banned2::Raiders-Blazers here. Grew up in Oakland and moved to Portland when I was a kid.
drewdizzy1::It's weird cause I'm a Chiefs-Blazers fan.
NBARefsRimRose::what happened to that alzare mexican F@G who said bobcats to win LOL
ILlawyerVIP::WHAT HAPPENED TO EDUARDO.  HE SAID HE WOULD BE HERE AND THAT A PROFESSIONAL LINESMAKER GAVE HIM A TIP.  HAHAHAHAHAHA.  I'M LAUGHING MY WAY TO THE BANK.
wet nuts 3::U are a nit going to cash out $500!?? LOL
Kobelies247::Was a good game! Ill give portland props!  They look good when the jumpshot falls....
svinyard::24pts on 16 shots and 9 f uking assists is WAAAY more efficient than Kobe.  Sure 6-16 is weak but not when you are getting that many easy foul shots.  Thats the difference.  But yeah....lets call it a bad game for a rookie when he goes 24 fo 9 and gets to the line down the stretch lol...idiots.
scrappers45::6 for 16 isn't all that bad really. He has to take those shots and I am glad he continues to shoot. He has a killer mentality and while be an all star in the next 3 years
WonTheDay::yah buddy
35Jordan::Ol Dame looked pretty bad tonight though!
127decibels::Does Lebron stop shooting when he's off? Durant? Nowitski? CP3?  Then why Lillard? He's quickly moving into elite status (11th in the NBA in scoring and only about 1.5 points out of being 6th. He comes 19th in the NBA in assists and 40th in steals). This from a rookie!  Keep shooting Lillard!
35Jordan::No I want him to stop being a ball hog when he is off lol.
127decibels::He's the best rookie in the class by far. What do you want? Jordan from day 1?
35Jordan::yeah except those don't say the 6-16 shooting, the 1-8 from three the missing 3 out of 4 free throws late.
127decibels::24 and 9
angelrod1977_banned2::Dame is the shizz period. We finally got a great pick.
ILlawyerVIP::WET NUTS IS A HOMOSEXUAL IN CASE YOU CAN'T TELL BY HIS SCREEN NAME.
wet nuts 3::U like wet nuts in ur mouth in sure
WonTheDay::Blazers win in OT... Seahawks win in OT, good week so far!
chighfield18::great opportunity for the team to take a look in the mirror and grow...dunlap will be running the hell out of their $@%!$....a good wake-up call
Baby Oil on a Saturday night::Why? It was his fault.
BaySports226::Another overtime game?  Blazers starters legs are gonna fall off with that crappy bench.  Oh well, a win!
127decibels::One thing's for sure - Terry Stotts can flat out coach.
127decibels::Stotts is not the fall guy here. There are maybe 3-4 NBA coaches who could have done better with as little as he has to work with at this point.
angelrod1977_banned2::This wasn't going to be a playoff team this year because of the re-tooling so why not just see what they can do.
Liquidplumrman::Stotts is way, way better than McMillan. His offensive schemes are twice as advanced as McMillan's were. There is a reason McMillan still doesn't have a job.
sk0dawgs::ya i agree, he's done good. just need to get a full roster of players before i can figure it out.  is that ever gonna happen? is everyone in the front office gonna sit around while are starters burn out throughout the season?
sk0dawgs::likewise, i need to see some more.  they're always botching the 4th quarter up.  i give credit to the bench for actually stepping up to the situation
BaySports226::Not a fan so far.  To be determined.
127decibels::You cannot hold the lack of a bench against him. He has 4 guys who should be part of a rotation at this point. But look at the coaching moves he makes. He maximizes the use of talent.
Kobelies247::Against one of the WORST teams in nba history!
angelrod1977_banned2::But I like the fact that we seperated from Nate though. We needed someone fresh.
35Jordan::Sorry but I got to agree with Kobelies on this one I don't enjoy Stotts all that much
127decibels::First of all, they were 7-8 going in...not great, but not that bad. Second, you entirely missed the point.
hokies63::WHAT THE $@%! JUST HAPPENED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
