wilcox1232::raptors 2 games behind the celtics. If bargnani hadnt ruined the start of the season wed be a playoff team right now
amiller244::How do you beat the Knicks then the next night get blown out by the horrible Raptors? We beat them by like 20 in Portland. I start to get excited about our young team maturing faster than expected then something like this happens. I understand the inconsistency of a young team and tired legs sometimes but getting blown out by a horrible team like the Raptors shouldn't be happening.
Plargo::Raptors = not horrible at all  Blazers = overrated mediocre pile of steaming crap with zero identity as a team
jackstrawfromwichita72::Rookie of the Year and a much better record than your team, loser. How are the Argonauts going to do this year?
jfranchiz::Fyi - This "horrible' team you referred to has won 8 of 9. Also, Portland isn't that good esp on the road
wilcox1232::and the only game they lost they lost to a rested spurs team. I can live with that
krusty627::The Raptors aren't as horrible as you think, amiller.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Never  look at the overall records of teams, look at how their playing recently. Raptors the past week have been hot. Don't sweat it after a back to back and the motivation they had to avenge that earlier embarassing loss.
jeffcastillo1970::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
jeffcastillo1970::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
JrueRandallHoliday::Must be a mistake in the box score... three Toronto starters with zero points... whatever gets the W, I guess.
Plargo::3 starters with 0 pts = awesome team ball and also awesome bench  Calderon 0 pts 13 assists 0 turnovers
lhsdevil12::no mistake
scorpking68::Massive Bong Hit Time....AKA...Good Night...
scorpking68::I wanna be in Abby Chin....Is that bad?
Kobelies247::LMFAO!!!!
Kobelies247::lol hell no its not! I would as well :D  I bet she loves it from the back!
scorpking68::I'm sure she does, the same way I'd love to eat every inch of every hole in that box...I hope that's not disrespectful, I would also love to meet her parents and take her to see Django Unchained..
Kobelies247::I knew last nights win was a fluke~!
arvinramroop::LOL u wrote it at 12 am
cdnpaul33::2 1/2 games out of a playoff spot? Wow, talk about righting the ship! Yes, we're hardly world beaters but now we have a pulse (well, everyone but Bargnani).
bamberg1977::Bargnani!!!!!! You're exposing yourself! How could you be too injured to stand around and shoot set jump shots all game? Well at least you still spend the same amount of time in the paint as you did when you were playing.
cdnpaul33::They were the worst team in the league when he was playing. Hopefully, we don't have to showcase him for more than a couple of games when he comes back in order to be able to trade him for something of value.
kieblerelf16::Wizards???
Kobelies247::Nice game Portland! I didnt even expect you to hit 70 points muchless 79!  Losers
bshowers79::Weren't you the Knicks fan who was making excuses all last night?
JSCPDX::Yes. He is.
Kobelies247::Neg.... Not a knicks fan!
Boogie Down ProductionS::Ross got some talent. It'll be interesting to see how he progresses or not during the season.
Vinh7785::Lol 3 Raptors starters with 0 points? Wtf?
Blake Fischbeck::Glad someone else noticed that haha, and they won wtf??
4thQuar7er::Pietrus and Gray sucked, but dat Jose with the 13 assists and 0 turnovers is classic.
mksatx::hi.  im lebron james and i just played 40 min. in tonights games.  and i got called for zero fouls.  im that good.
shufelt::The Raptors are on a great run, and they still can't knock the NHL off the front page of the newspapers in Toronto.
Leafsfankenny67::Lock-out or no lock-out.
Leafsfankenny67::Top 10 in NBA attendence. However in the city of Toronto anything LEAFS,NHL,and even the farm league , AHL and Toronto Marlies, will get more front page headlines and TV coverage and radio airtime then the Raptors,Rock,TFC,and ARGRONAUTS combined
krusty627::You are correct and it is very sad.
Leafsfankenny67::Which make the fact the Raptors still draw in the top 10 on average every season, when the LEAFS and NHL ARE  playing,even more amazing.
19brom::iknow eh, raptors end 8 game skid???? idiots
gri400::they just fixed the part where it said the blazers won, i swear they dont even try. link on the NBA page would make many think the raps lost 8 in a row, not 8 against the blazers
gri400::they fixed the blazer winning part at least, but that headline is just  awful
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::my sentiments exactly good sir.
shufelt::Nice run by the Raptors lately, but there's a lot of work still to be done.  They need to keep the momentum throughout this road trip, and they need to get back in the playoff mix.  We've seen how bad this team can be, and those memories are still pretty fresh.  A backslide isn't impossible, and hopefully Casey is guarding against that.
gri400::what road trip? they don't play back to back road games for another 3 weeks.  Do agree with everything else though
big18brad::We are on a 6 game home stand lol
shufelt::Yeah, sorry - was thinking homestand, typed road trip.
Leafsfankenny67::The Raptors won.Awsome!!!! Now its off to bed. And be up at 3 and get ready to watch Team Canada destroy Team U.S.À.
Tommy72931::Ugh. Canada getting thumped by USA
Leafsfankenny67::Should be à great match
wnsj89::Rielly will get a hattrick!
ChiGuy1002::ESPN's so freaking stupid. Two things wrong, some of which already said.  1st: They said the Blazers won on this page and on the headline on ESPN.com scoreboard.  2nd: The headline is EXTREMELY misleading by saying the Blazers (they meant the Raptors obviously) snapped an 8 game skid. It would seem to indicate someone was on an 8 game losing streak. No, the Raptors were on an 8 game losing streak TO PORTLAND.   Such pathetic editing.
wnsj89::only all too common with ESPN tho
patrickallen92::yep pretty stupid
ChiGuy1002::Point #2 is pathetic enough when you consider that the Raptors have won 8 out of their last 9 overall.
ESPNSNY::Nice headline ESPN, saying Ross is a Blazer and that the Blazers won LOL you suck
kdoggizzle::Blazers are the most inconsistent team out there. One night, they'll beat the Knicks in Madison Square Garden, next night, they get destroyed by the Raptors.
bshowers79::They are a fairly young, emerging team still learning how to win consistently. This had the makings of a "trap game" as soon as they sealed the win over the Knicks: gutsy win versus a solid team, followed by a back-to-back against a sub-par, but hungry, opponent usually means an L.
big18brad::So glad we have Ross and not that scrub Rivers who so many wanted
bshowers79::As a Blazers fan, the best thing about this game was seeing a Portland boy shine…..if only Houston would play the other rookie Portlander named Terrance!
gri400::outside of bargs i don't think many would/could complain about the drafting, they have all been decent players with good upside.  Not a fan of most of his offseason moves though, just seem to be random IMO.  He takes risk for sure (jonas for example) and draft wise they seem to pay off, and i hope most people give him credit for it. I'd be fine if BC stuck around for another year or two i think, just get rid of bargs
patrickallen92::nah i give him credit for what hes done in the draft. But there isnt much direction when it comes to off season moves.   If it had come down to the fans the past 2 years we probably wouldve gone with Knight over Jv and then taken Drummond this year. The past two drafts could have been very conventional with those picks but BC took some risks and it paid off
wnsj89::which begs the question, are people too hard on Colangelo?  all his draft picks except for Primo have been pretty good - Davis, Ross, DD, JV etc, and the Raps are showing improvement this year over last, perhaps Colangelo should get more time to complete the rebuild
joelstephens87::The sir below me spelled it out pretty good - his offseason free agent signings are bewildering to say the very very least. Not one solid signing in his 6 years. Don't forget, Amir was RE-signed :)
patrickallen92::ya a lot of ppl wanted lamb. Rivers never showed much promise at Duke. Got his hype from his dad and his buzzer beater against UNC
gri400::i do not know a single raptor fan who wanted rivers, i know many who wanted other guys but not rivers, that guy is just awful
VanCityRepp::HAHA THE HEADLINE IS FUCCKED UP!!  Portland wishes they had Ross
bshowers79::I like Ross. I have followed him since HS. Still, I would (obviously) rather have Lillard, and (not so obviously) rather have Leonard--athletic big men are hard to come by.
kdoggizzle::Yeah, that's who they wanted to draft after Lillard.
supe540::Recap headline is very confusing.
385Greg::Technically the Trail Blazers snapped their 8 game win streak vs the Raptors behind the performance of Ross, but could've been done better
Tommy72931::Primo Pasta and Souse!
385Greg::ESPN the title click thing on the main NBA page I think says the Trail Blazers won.
Chuck Spears::LOL it does. Hey ESPN, the RAPTORS won.
toronto-vigilante3::Just got back from the game (1st one in 6-7 years).....good to see they're not blowing leads anymore......atmosphere is phenominal at the ACC....!!!  They kept the pedal to the metal and didn't let up!!!
VanCityRepp::Yea a great crowd today, showin their love
R.2.D.2.::Well, good game raps fans. I guess you guys were due for a win against the blazers.
Tommy72931::Thanks.  Blazers usually rip the raps a new one every time... especially in Portland.
sportsdude416905::Worst Raptors commercial. Hedo's pizza pizza or Andrea's primo and sauce
DR HORSE WITH A BRONZE WANG::gotta be  primo  it just looks so cheaply made
VanCityRepp::quick and delicious, simply nutritious, its PRIMO
gri400::fields PSvita ad, i can't even laugh at it like the primo ad
385Greg::Very true, the Sprite one with JYD is another memorable one for me, they didn't even try to make it look like his shots would go on
gri400::thats the only part i can smile at, it just seems/sounds so awkward to me. All 3 are awful commercials though, tough to pick between them
385Greg::Love it when he goes "C'mon" and waves his hand... but the Hedo commericial is by far the best because of how little effort seems to have been put in
VanCityRepp::&lt;3 TRoss
inter2010clchamps::Now that bargnani knows that this team can play without him he will come back posting all star numbers in order to keep his spot.
inter2010clchamps::i dont think his offense is the issue. he is one of the best offensive big man in the game. its his defense and rebounding that needs work
wnsj89::that's ok thanks
TristanStLouis::with his flat pull up jumpers
TristanStLouis::at this point, I'd trade Bargs for Psy (Gagnam Style).. too far?
krusty627::Maybe a big bag of game balls. He'd be worth that.
gri400::not far enough
sportsdude416905::Primo pasta and Sauce.
big18brad::Where the Portland fans who talked so much after they beat us in are 4th game in 5 nights?
bshowers79::Still here. Reflecting on a pretty bad showing from my favored team….Raptors are still well under .500 also.
jfranchiz::granted they are well below .500, but the Raptors had an absolutely horrible November, since then they are 8-7.  By the end of the year, they will be a few games over 500 and I am hoping they can challenge for the 7 seed
Bargnani7Karlo::Bargs4life hahahhahah ;)
Christopher Emmanuel Paul::Am still the Raptors best plaer  -BARGNANI
Bargnani7Karlo::Bargs!!!!! ;)
gri400::Shut up fool!  -Tross
gri400::at least thats what i'd hope it would go like :)
Attonitus::What a weird stat night: 3 Raptors starters finished with no points Lowry/Calderon no points but 21 assists combined DeRozan/Ross a combined 50 points and combined with Amir/Davis 36 points the raptors got 86 of their 102 from only 4 players
19brom::i love it, glad too see lowry might be buying in to whatevers going on. got home and was so pumped we beat'em by 20+
gri400::this game was never in doubt either, lowry looks like he's buying in, he did say he didn't want to mess with what's working when he came back
19brom::obviously not to get no points combined but to really feed the others players
gri400::if it is it worked perfectly, neither was forcing anything so it might have been. just feed the guys shooting well (demar, eddie and Tross)
TristanStLouis::I would say that was the game plan... What player ESPECIALLY a shoot first PG like Lowry only attempts 2 shots? They knew coming in to this that they were going to rack assists all night
19brom::you think that was the game plan???
TristanStLouis::very rare to see such a box score
19brom::didnt see the game thats crazy tho
gri400::it was awesome team basketball, jose and lowry took 3 shots combined i think in the game
Bargnani7Karlo::Go Bargnani Go! Bargs fan from croatia ;)
19brom::haha i think this guys just jokin around, maybe not though:s
gri400::i hope he is, it's a great joke if so, i'm kinda surprised no one has made a full time bargs profile yet, that could be good for jokes
19brom::hahaha you make me laugh man
gri400::i laugh and cry at the same time, bargs still has people fooled :(
gri400::at least you are dedicated :)
Bargnani7Karlo::Yea ;)
TristanStLouis::If Bargnani eats a plate of pasta with primo pasta sauce before every game... we must teach young basketball players to NEVER eat primo pasta sauce before games
gri400::start spreading the word, Primo destroys your basketball talent
DR HORSE WITH A BRONZE WANG::just noticed a Baltimore raven player  wearing a jays ball cap ....... at least  it  looks like a jays cap
sportsdude416905::That player is Suggs aka T.Sizzle
Puff- the- Magic- Dragon::Ball so hard U?
19brom::suggs was rockin one on espn
gri400::nice
Bargnani7Karlo::Am I the only bargnani fan? :D
Leafsfankenny67::Bargnani!!!
gri400::i think there is one other guy
gri400::yes, he comes on every now and then, but i guess you two haven't met :)
Bargnani7Karlo::Really? :)
Christopher Emmanuel Paul::CONGRATS RAPS  WE WON EVERY QUATER
19brom::TROSS
gri400::game high in points and awesome from the 3. Tross is awesome
iain banks::TRADE primo pasta sauce  BARGNANI
DR HORSE WITH A BRONZE WANG::i dont think anyone wants him
gri400::34 assists on 41 made shots. Team basketball at it's finest :)
tbcsundin::I like how the Raps are playing nice way to bridge the gap until the Jays season!
gri400::playing really good here, good D, good offense, awesome team basketball and it seems tyhat everyone is starting to buy in right now
BK HOTSHOT::Why don't they trade Bargnani? Especially after he said the Raptors were the worst team in the NBA. Now the Raptors are winning without him. The other players have got to be feeling some sort of way? I'm surprised the media hasn't jumped on this angle of the sub-plot / story. No different than Amare returning to the Knicks? Where's the talk about Chemistry here? Is Bargnani needed here? Should he come off the bench? Should he be traded? I wonder how much of the non- trade talk from ESPN basketball analyst has to do with Bargs being on a small market team &amp; no one really cares or because it's a given that European / White players are valued more.
BK HOTSHOT::The Brooklyn Nets can use Bargs. Trade Brook Lopez for Bargs str8 up?
gri400::i'd trade him for reggie evans :)  i'd settle for lopez though
gri400::why would ESPN pay attention to the raps? but they needed to trade bargs ASAP for whatever we can get for him. I'll laugh if any contending team trades for him though
Bargnani7Karlo::Bargnani-MVP ;)
BK HOTSHOT::Bargnani MVP in the Italian League.....NOT the NBA
tbcsundin::Glad to see the Raptors continuing their winning ways and nice to see the rookie Ross with a nice game!
Bargnani7Karlo::For KLOE416-Bargnani the MVP is coming back :D
KLOE416::I honestly forgot about the NHL until 2 mins ago
TristanStLouis::I forgot about Bargnani... wait... that gives me an idea. Can the NBA lockout individual players? You know where I'm going with this
Attonitus::Pretty sad when a teams fan base has to fear the day that their "best" player comes back from injury.
TristanStLouis::Bargnani is the Mark Sanchez of the NBA. Fans don't want him but the organization keeps trying to convince them that he's the best ever
gri400::not just a little fear, many of us are in a full panic mode should that happen
