Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Poor Rick Adelman.. Got hosed by the refs AGAIN just like what happened in 2002 against the Lakers...
Isaac Wiese::Gotta love the NBA's affinity towards LA teams. BS officiating. Chris Paul has to be the biggest flopper in the NBA by the way
Dylan Radke::how much are the clippers paying these refs? My god
Andrew Klocek::I have never seen a game like this. The wolves had this game stolen in numerous ways. The officiating was the biggest. I have never seen a game be more 1 sided in the foul department. I mean how does Brewer get called for a foul when Griffin steps over him? And then Paul tackles Brewer and doesn't get called, then he goes to the FT line??? All game it was BS like that. Then the 1 in 100 buzzer beater.... Oh and this was the 2nd game in a back to back on the road. Oh and Rivers goes out to center court and doesn't get a T. I am blown away. This reminds me of the game last year against NYK, but 10x worse.
Luke Zacharias::That Knicks game was pretty horendous.
Sam Becker::Brewer grabbed his leg as Blake was trying to get passed him (easy call) and CP3 had a clean strip on Brewer if you look at the replay. There were tons of calls that were missed on both sides, so just relax, stop whining and know that you have a good team this year that has a lot of potential.
Andrew Klocek::I don't get why they let some players get away with murder and send them to the FT line if they are touched? The reason Paul gets such good numbers is because you cant touch him and he can do anything. Imagine if Love was treated the same way? He would be a 35ppg, 20rpg, 10ast, 15blk, 11stl guy.
Kyle Lynn Krenz::Worst officiating game I've seen all year... totally inconsistent on both sides..
Eric Olson::Don't be one of those people that blame the refs every time your team lose.
Josh Wren::Eric Olson it was pretty bad both ways tonight man.. very inconsistent
Andrew Klocek::Eric Olson Are you saying when Paul tackled Brewer it wasn't a foul? Please get your head checked.
Philip Palomaki::You can whack people on the head now when you steal the ball?  Good to know
Dana Greer::I love Clipper haters. When I was going to games in the late 80's and we had ten years worth of losing 50 or more and SI was voting us the worst pro team of any sport ever, nobody had anything to say about us. Now it is hate, hate, hate. Lovin this new respect for my Clippers!!!
Jason SugarDunkerton Gakeler::Clippers have struggled against the Wolves when they're healthy. Griffin and Jordan will look to block Rubio every time he drives but he'll dish it away and Love and Pekovic will get easy buckets inside as well as Kevin Martin hitting 3's like they're going out of style. Wolves win by 15.
Isaac Wiese::I don't know about this one Jason. I'd love the Wolves to win, but am so disappointed with our bench play this season. They need to help out more on these back to backs.
Devin Baranick::Wolves would have easily won if there wasn't a 4 point swing on the play where Corey should have got the call
Isaac Wiese::This whole game was bush league officiating. Should've taken that one
Kevin Henderson::Side comment: Why did ESPN have to switch to Facebook comments instead of having your own username? I liked my fellow T'Wolves fan's cat pictures...
Steve Blesson::coz we're livin in an integrated, open, connected and privacy-less world...
Minnesota Sports Memes::meow... ;)
Kevin Henderson::My prediction: 111-104 Clippers. Although I love how the Pups are playing this year, I don't see them shutting down Chris Paul and his squad.   Other predictions: - Love will get his usual double-double. (just about a fact at this point) - Jordan will dunk on Brewer. - Pek will get another menacing tattoo at halftime. - I'll be eating a pizza.
Matthew Adam Lee::I think this one will come down to the last couple possessions. Whoever hits the big shots will win, its as simple as that. 106 to 103- whoever hits the big shots down the stretch.
Kevin Henderson::Free throws at the end of the game is why i have the 7 point difference.
Nate Stein::Martin and Brewer were perfect pick ups for this team. Rubio is one of the best defensive PG's in the NBA, and one of the best floor generals as well. Love is the best PF in the NBA when healthy, and hes healthy. Pek is a monster in the paint. The big difference here is at SG and SF where I believe the Wolves have a big advantage. I give the CLippers the PG, and C is fairly even, but Wolves still get PF with Love.Wolves win 112-105
Alex Gac::Rubio is one of the WORST defending PGs. He may get you a couple of steals a game, but he has 0 lateral quickness and gets blown by way too often to be considered an even average defender
Luke Zacharias::That no call on Chris Paul was kind of ridiculous.. You kinda have to admit that...
Travis Beck::Chris Paul is really good at flopping.
Dylan Radke::that's bush league
Jonathan Ascencio::Look at the recap. First the heading reads "Trail Blazers down Pistons 109-103", then recap goes to say and i quote "Love missed first and Pekovic came up just short to end the Wolves' two-game winning streak". Boy these writers at ESPN must not take their jobs seriously.
Jonathan Ascencio::For some reason the Wolves seem to have the Clippers number, hopefully things go smoothly for the Clipps. Good luck wolves fans, good to see your team finally healthy,  good team riddled with injuries last season.
Jonny Ash::Good game Bandwago... I mean Clips fans, good luck the rest of the year as the refs should as least give you 15 extra wins
Danny Mac::Wow cry much?
Michal Wolfe::jonny ash, go back to your bride you troll, quit crying cuz your team couldn't get the job done
Dana Greer::That is just ridiculous. The refs have no love for the Clippers. All Matt Barnes has to do is walk on the court breathing and he gets a flagrent. and Griffin is constantly hammered game in and game out and the refs do nothing.
Andrew Klocek::The refs are pretty much giving LAC the win. I mean the wolves cant even play defense without being called for a foul.
Minnesota Sports Memes::Go Wolves! Like my page Minnesota Sports Memes
Minnesota Sports Memes::How about another Kevin Love buzzer beater to drop the Clippers once again? Sounds good to me..
Devin Baranick::I haven't even seen Jared Allen hit that hard before....
Chris Hogen-Esch::wow did OKC get rid of another all star in Martin?
Anthony J Petroff::......yeah, Brooks is becoming exposed.  Early playoff exits--first it was because Hardin didn't show up but he is an all-star in Houston; then, Martin is expendable but can carry a load for Minn.  Brooks let Durant and West's strong personalities take over--nobody on the OK bench is ready to step up in the playoffs because they are an after thought. He better find a way to develop the bench and keep the rest of the team involved.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Nope he went 9-22 to score 30 points.That's not impressive at all.
Clint Czar Jefferson::I will rephrase this because In know some of you internet guys are sensitive.Martin went 9-22 to score 30 points.Which isnt impressive to me.
Kelly Mulhern::Go T-Wolves!!!!!!!!!!!
Johnny Hoffman::Wolves > Clippers.
Eric Lopez::More like Clippers  >>>>> Wolves. Clippers wins this one.. I say 115-98 LAC.
Justin Anderson::No they will not score a 115, and the wolves will win.  They have a team this year that is hard to stop.
Justin Bergman::Eric Lopez  clips = Over-rated and the 7th seed they end up iwth will prove it.
Dana Greer::As a die-hard Clipper fan, I will admit we were fortunate to win this game. During an 82 game season youy win some you probably should have lost and you lose some you probably should have won. Trust me on this one, the referees have zero love for the Clippers, all of this talk about the refs being against the Timberwoves is ridiculous. If Minnesota fans want to complain, complain about K Love missing a one foot layup that would have forced overtime
Kory Williamson::I agree about the 2 missed opportunities under 3 seconds. However, even as a biased observer, you have to be honest about the fouls. Some very ticky tack fouls were called against CP3...he looked like Manu out there flopping :) It was a fun game to watch though, regardless of outcome. Not quite as fun as seeing the Wolves demolish the Lakers, but fun none the less.
Dana Greer::Kory Williamson So far this season the Clippers are getting called for 25 fouls a game that leads the NBA, the Grizzlies just 18. Like I said before, to say that the refs are somehow "on our side" is just completely wrong
Kory Williamson::Dana Greer Never said they were "on your side". Just said LAST NIGHT there were some very ticky tack calls on the wolves. Just an observation about one game, not the entire season.
