sf_nick7667::this was a bad game. and i also wanna say im xtremely disappointed with klay thompson so far
Orelleo::hawes has another double-double game, lou williams 23 off the bench and thad 18 off the bench ! this team just need to be more consistent and they would be even better than  an old battered down celtics
Iladelphia::Good game last night from the sixers after a disappointing one to the Jazz. If they can come out of their road trip 3-2 that will be a nice success. Iggy has been shooting the lights out from 3 this year so far.
BackupMostel::Can he make a free throw? That would help.
A Red Stapler::Two solid, young &amp; uprising teams. Good luck to these two franchises.
jayreed2309::lou williams 6th man or most improved
salemram15::Lou is playing at close to the same level as he did last season, he was a stud last year. Hawes for most improved.
bobHALO 30.0::Both
mmostello::Two points:   1) Thank God that the Sixers had 17 minutes to play in this game without Igodala. That helps explain the big win.  2) Why are there are so many Warriors comments on the Sixer game conversation?
tobrv65::Warrior fans are going to hate this statement, but Ellis is not the problem. Curry is! There I said it. Curry turns the ball over, dribbles into triple coverage. He can not create his own shot. He is slow footed on defense. When Ellis is motivated, he can do it all. Just look at the last few games. Curry gone and the dubs roll the Knicks.  Ellis gone and the Sixers look like the Heat. Curry has to go. Its all hype.
mmostello::zzzzzzzzzzzzzz...................this is about the Sixers.
klesk80::I DONT CARE IF ITS THE MIAMI HEAT OR THE MAVS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~~~ YOU DO NOT LOSE A GAME AT  HOME COURT BY  30PTS!!!!!!!!!!!~~~  Mark Jackson better strighten thgs up with the players ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!
mmostello::zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. who cares. This is about the Sixers.
klesk80::I didn't see the Game....!!Warriors should have won this game very easy!!!!!!!  WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~~~~~~~~
salemram15::Warriors should have won easy? You arent giving the sixers the respect they deserve.
tobrv65::I was at the game and the Warriors looked lethargic. They were not moving at all. Disapointing game.
Tazukball::Warriors couldn't buy a bucket unless Curry shot it, and the defense was lacking intensity
jzalvarado::Uhmmm No... there's no way the Warriors should have won this game 'very easy'... Sixers are probably the deepest team in the NBA
49GiaWars::No monta
YouBLEWWIt::Monta+Lee+Klay...for... Iggy+Brand+Speights  PHI gets a go-to closer-type in the 4th. The starting SF spot is open for Thad Young or Evan Turner. They get their PF of the future, and Klay is going to be a solid backup Wing.  GSW gets 2 defensive players in Iggy and backup Speights. Brand's remaining 2 years will come off the books, which will allow them more flexibility to build around Curry.
FriscoWarriors415::Instead of klay put in Dorell Wright. He sucks
FriscoWarriors415::I actually like this trade. That could work
49GiaWars::Good idea tho
49GiaWars::It's too early to see the team needs
jzalvarado::yeah agree No... I think Philly fans wouldn't want that trade AND NEITHER would we
49GiaWars::No!
49GiaWars::Good game Philly see you in Philadelphia hopefully at full strength
robkaos::@NO, vs DET, vs TOR, vs IND, vs SAC -- We'll see if the Sixers finish off bad teams like a good team would do in their next 5. Pacers are 'better', but they should win all of those games.
jzalvarado::Funny that after 1/16 of the season now in the books, the least of the Warriors worries is the 5 spot.  Youve got concerns with Curry's Ankle, Questions about Ellis/Curry backcourt, a Non-existent/detached looking Dorrell Wright, D-Lee trying to play himself back into game shape and Ekpe udoh just being one of thhe most clumsy tentative offensive players ive ever seen
jzalvarado::I think the Sixers reflected PERFECTLY the style of play the Warriors and Mark Jackson would ideally LOVE to run.  Great D and Fast Break points
YouBLEWWIt::Mark Jackson can preach defense all he wants, but as long as he doesn't have defensive players, the philosophy will not resonate through to the players/culture.
YouBLEWWIt::Curry+Klay ...for... Westbrook
robkaos::Wright is a great shooter, would benefit from more open shoots, they hit him well in transition. He's solid.
jzalvarado::the problem is that you put ONE finger in Wright's face and he's missing badly.  He's more of an OFF the Bench type of player that can bring instant offense
YouBLEWWIt::Why are people so down on Wright? He's a good SF.
robkaos::I'd trade Curry for Rondo too. Rondo is a game manager, controls the tempo of the game and is a top perimeter defender. His shooting difficulties aside, he's still a TOP5 PG in the NBA, who can change the dynamic of a team.
robkaos::GSW should have invested in Shane Battier in the offseason.
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::no that would c0ck block the beard
49GiaWars::Monta for westbrook
YouBLEWWIt::OKC doesn't want to trade a Shoot first PG for a more expensive one.
jzalvarado::As I said, Monta will bring limited value in a trade.  He's more valuable to us.  I DO think that we could swing an Ekpe Udoh, Clay Thompson for a solid 3.  You then move Wright to the 'second line'
robkaos::Danny Ainge has wanted to trade Rondo since day one, I'd trade Ellis and an expiring for Rondo in second.
YouBLEWWIt::Ainge wants to trade Rondo for 1) Westbrook or 2) CP3 ... not Monta  If you offered up Curry, that could be done.
jzalvarado::NO WAY the Celts will take anything short of Curry for Rondo
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::no that a bad trade westbrook takes to many shots an is a ball hog
YouBLEWWIt::So you're basically describing Monta Ellis, but at a cheaper contract?
jzalvarado::So you want Monta and Westbrook in the same backcourt!?!?!
YouBLEWWIt::If I could.  Plus, OKC isn't going to want Monta.
jzalvarado::You know how teams become deep on the bench.. Good drafting.  We b!+CH, moan and complain about the Warriors inability to sign a big free agent name AND in the meantime teams like the Bulls and Sixers make solid draft picks/free agent pickups to solidify the bench
49GiaWars::I think they win with Monta. He's double-team every night opens the game for everybody else
winnumber101::They need a good consistent 3.
49GiaWars::agree but it's too early my friend
jzalvarado::yeah im not talking about tonight.  Im just talking about the Warriors starters needing to have monster games night and night out JUST to have a chance to win
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Nice games boys come home 3-2. GS is better than this. Happy new year to all
jzalvarado::...and to all a good night?
jzalvarado::Warriors 6-0 to start the season last year and finished on the bottom of the western conference.. Warriors 2-2 to start this season at home... GULP
Ravens go Hard::lets see.....No Curry GSW wins against New Work.....No Monta GSW loses to Philly......whos team is it?
jzalvarado::not shaping to be a good weekend for bay area sports teams.  Warriors lose tonight AND the 49ers will probably lose against the Rams tomorrow
49GiaWars::C'mon now 9ers takn it 2 stl
49GiaWars::I agree... but hey
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::brackins put a slong in his mouth
hawksfan4lyfe::Klay Thompson is garbage!!!!
49GiaWars::klay = lin
YouBLEWWIt::No Monta, no go.  GSW needs him to penetrate and throw out to an open 3 point shooter, which is like 6 of the players on GSW.
robkaos::Even if they had Ellis, he takes 40 shots to score 30 points. Philly is a more complete team even when GSW has Ellis.
YouBLEWWIt::And PHI will go nowhere like GSW.   At least GSW gets a better draft pick.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Ow nick gets a three
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::bad at some points but great there
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yes
Qster15::Warriors = pathetic
YouBLEWWIt::Ws actually try to play defense.
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::phoenix
robkaos::Who plays less defense, Phoenix or GSW?
49GiaWars::No Monta Ellis!
49GiaWars::Philly = Lucky
robkaos::If the Sixers had a closer, they'd be a legit threat in the East. Deepest team, bench wise in the East.
robkaos::Collins may be able to get him to actually play defense, he works hard.
YouBLEWWIt::Absolutely he works hard. Grabs rebounds, but defense, not so much.
robkaos::We'll throw Brand's expiring and a 2nd rounder for David Lee.
YouBLEWWIt::You want David Lee's 5 remaining years? I think GSW would do that in a heartbeat.
YouBLEWWIt::He's the closest thing to Rose/Westbrook.  You ask for one, I give you one, now you're picky. Have you ever heard of the phrase...Beggars can't be choosers?
robkaos::No thanks.
YouBLEWWIt::Iggy for Monta.
robkaos::Iggy has never been the guy, but he is a solid second option and top on the ball defender in the NBA.
yodaspeaks::Translation...Iggy is not the guy.
yodaspeaks::Evan Turner looks good to me.  He just isnt a jump shooter...yet.
49GiaWars::Can't shoot
jzalvarado::Thaddeus Young&gt;David Lee Lou WIlliams&gt; anything GSW have except Monta/Steph
49GiaWars::I like the philly d (good mobile team)
PennSportsGuy::Lou Williams &gt;&gt; Monta Ellis  Why would we trade for Ellis if we already have a clone of him
jzalvarado::We just beat the Knicks and Bulls back to back games with Ellis on the floor.  Ellis absolutely shut down Derrick Rose and singlehandedly won the game against the Knicks.. No way Lou does that for our team.  sorry
jzalvarado::YOU Just said it.. On your team.  I'm agreeing with you.  Ellis is probably not as good as Lou for your team.  But for us.. We'd need Lou and Thaddeus Young back just to justify trading ellis away
PennSportsGuy::if lou took as many shots and played as many minutes as ellis they would put up the same numbers.  And lou is the closer on this team  lol
jzalvarado::Lou&gt;Ellis for your team... No way is Lou better than Ellis if he was playingwith the Warriors.. Ellis is probably one of the top 2 best finishers in the NBA.. Ellis is a borderline superstar.. Lou is a very good player.  Sorry
PennSportsGuy::Lou is a volume shooter, they both dont have a great percentage from the field, both are small, we dont have to give up iggy for ellis  lou&gt;ellis
robkaos::Whose actually at least making an attempt to play defense.
49GiaWars::mmm no.
jzalvarado::It may be the hot shooting BUT im somewhat more impressed with what  the Sixersare throwing out there than what i saw in Chicago/New York AND even the Clippers early this week.  The second five is better than the starting five the Warriors threw out today
jzalvarado::I thought the Bulls bench was the best in the NBA but so far No Comparison for me
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Sixers bench is better than their starters lol
Frank Reynolds is back 4::The bench is the best in the nba.. But will they go far I don't know
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Im 5.7ft,220lbs,white and im pretty sure I could play better than half of GSW.....IS THIS NBA?
cannonbll::Bet
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Young team I geuss
yodaspeaks::220 lbs?  you gonna play power forward?
yodaspeaks::Darvin Hamm, i feel you.
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Its all bt my legs
hawksfan4lyfe::Klay thompson sucks!!
49GiaWars::haha
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Okay you can Meeks back in to work on his shot
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::XD
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::thats what pratice is for
Frank Reynolds is back 4::This is kind of like it right now
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::y
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Because he needs to get better and here is a chance
PennSportsGuy::Willie Green is better than Meeks
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::no
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Alright wait until 2 mins left
stayeduptolate21::it was curry for gsw and then ummm no one else lol
yodaspeaks::lee
TG_Rangersfan771::Philly sucks  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/Erection_Homme.jpg
Frank Reynolds is back 4::And the Knicks are worse
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::that y were beatin gsw
BlazersWar::fine, no Steph Curry in the game anymore ... no reason to watch. Bye
laketd::Anyone know what happened to Biedrins? Nothing on Rotoworld. Is he sitting after starting and playing only 7 minutes?
jzalvarado::the bigger question for me has been.. what happened to 'NBA READY" Charles Jenkins.. or at least thats what we were told during the preseason
jzalvarado::not even playing with the reserves.. Youve got 3 undrafted players on the floor for the Warriors right now
yodaspeaks::he sucks man.  when they play a team with a true big, play him.  otherwise, he is useless.
jzalvarado::Warriors are getting blown out.. Marc Jackson looking for more instant offense.. you haven't seen Kwame all that much either.  Going with a smaller lineup with Lee and/or Udoh at the 5
laketd::Thanks. I wonder why he started.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I think GS is a lot better than this.
jzalvarado::Bob Fitzgerald putting a positive spin on tonight's game...
49GiaWars::Even on KNBR thrashes other teams except the warriors!
49GiaWars::Thats a homer!
jzalvarado::I like how he says that, "considering the competition, the Warriors have done great going 2 and 2 in this homestand"
PresleyCutchTabata::yodaspeaks, did you hear the news? the Knicks really suck
Jganon93::with any coach, philly will definitely have a better record than the knicks
yodaspeaks::with Antoni as their coach,  that is a given.
deerpark30::why couldn't the sixers play like this against the jazz?
PennSportsGuy::in this game he has dropped threes, it will be the only time this season.  I pray he never hits a 3 again because then he goes into "Im Kobe Bryant" mode and jacks up ridiculous shots and turns it over relentlessly
Jganon93::iggy is still nice as $@%! though
PennSportsGuy::iggy ruined that game like he does all close games.  If we dont win by 20+ we dont win period
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::at the end of that game i punched a hole in the wall
deerpark30::that was a terrible game to watch
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::XO
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Wow after the shooting being so bad in the first q
PennSportsGuy::thats game
yodaspeaks::believe it or not, the warriors defense is better.  they are actually challenging shots this year.
49GiaWars::hahaha. I kno but hahaha
OFrog::27-8 fta advantage for 76ers. Just not going to win against that. Bummer for home team though.
berlin089::lee should post up
yodaspeaks::Lee has a smooth game 17 foot in.
yodaspeaks::it looks lopsided, but the warriors have ZERO post game.    They need a post up big really really really bad.
OFrog::That is the old Warriors, refs can call anything they want.
49GiaWars::Yup
PennSportsGuy::it will even out, sixers are in the penalty with 9 minutes to go
49GiaWars::Come back!
berlin089::They suck man..no come back, if i were u  i will turn it off
laketd::lol
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Lou nice checkerboard armpit
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Make a free throw
Constantinius III::I mean, apparently he posted 10 and 10 for a year or so, but I never saw him play....
Constantinius III::I remember feeling extremely puzzled when all these people were telling me Biedrins was going to be a beast in the league like 3 years ago...no wonder why
