Streak4MoreCash::BJennings is wasting his time playing for the Bucks. Too bad he will never play along side a guy like Harden Durant or LeBron.   ATL would be a good destination for him though.
ntd2060::Get out the Brooms!!!! ITS A SWEEP
Rezo201::The good news for the Bucks fans is it seems like they will get Smith, the bad news is it seems like Harris will be coming with him.
amped426::Ellis lost the game for us, and not just because of the missed free throws at the end. He had a team high 6 turnovers, played no defense and left all the the Nets wide open for 3s, missed 5 free throws total, and the scoring drought in the 4th was Ellis taking bad shots and not working the ball. As soon as Ellis didn't have it, the Bucks brought it within 2. Ellis played like he was trying to get traded, and was detrimental to the team.
deymayor::I know that the Nets are still waiting for Atlanta to completely reject the Josh Smith deal but if that falls apart, they have to seriously consider Ben Gordon for Hump.  The guy has been stuck in a bad situation when he signed up with the Pistons but he's a threat, similar to JR Smith which helps them enormously to take some load off of JJ.  He's a more consistent scorer than Marshon and his contract runs out next year, similar to Hump's.
juansamuel22::Did Sanders just blame fatigue when you played back to back against the same team???? After the All-Star Break? Please.   Pathetic. That's just a lack of focus and coaching.
marklenz24::Sanders was injured
Milwaukee Bucks..::ellis must be going through a lot of emotions right now. I feel bad for the guy, cause he is a great player. This team just isnt right for him though.
marklenz24::Great player? Where?
uconn1511::two great games back to back, good luck the rest of the season Mill,
Pack_Badg_errr1::Ellis is a freakin joke....   this clown cost us the game 2 nights in a row...   trade his a s s and get rid of Jennings too...   what a waste.....
Ontario925::The Nets shouldn't make trades now. Don't fix anything that isn't broken now. The Knicks have a lot bigger problem now than the Nets.
Ucannotbesirius::I disagree.  Joe continues to shrink on offense.  I don't know if he's getting double teamed or if it's just a shooting slump.  To progress deep into playoff contention we need a minimum of three go-to scorers.  We only have two at this point of the season.
Donnie Walsh::Who are the two "go to scorers"?
ILaughatULOLLOL::"Tonight, I think fatigue caught up to us a little bit, but I'm not going to blame it on that," Sanders said.  lol what a dumb nig.ger! errrr you both played last night and tonight.. it's the same for both teams..what a dumb $@%!!
wisconsinsportsrock::Bucks fan since 1970. They will never challenge for ANOTHER ring because they can't pay the top players and the organization itself is a joke! Every night we get to watch these fools blow a 4th Qtr lead and lose... Sickening!! TRADE THEM ALL!!!!!!
Timmy_K::All you have to do is look at the +/- column to see why the Nets were able to pull this one out of the hat.
mdtuzo::i dont want to see any trades.
marklenz24::Wesley Mathews for a 2nd round pick and Monta Ellis. Then trade Dalembert, Udoh, Gooden for any sort of thing obtainable.
HEREWEGOIRISHHEREWEGO::NETS!!
YogaBeer::Nets are on a roll!
Thedevil25::ok so i guess that's a no with Gordon
Mets2410::MarShon tweet: Bumpin rocko, on my way home!  All I know is MarShon lived in Atlanta since he was 6 all the way through high school and that Rocko is a rapper from Atlanta. But the Atlanta paper Hawks beat writer said no trade going down tonight. ALL NIGHTER BABY!
Rezo201::On my way home aka Jersey where he lives.
Mets2410::I'm guessing that but I don't know I'm being paranoid about everything at this point lol
Rezo201::Blatche is going to leave for a possible starting job, I don't know why King isn't considering trading him. He has to have more value than Hump.
BJSaxMan93::He was amnestied, I believe amnestied players can't be traded
Rezo201::Another thing to note is Hump will miss time in the playoffs due to divorce court hearings. Another reason to dump him for anything.
SPGCPA::you can't dump him "for anything"....Gordon, while not a good fit, at least has a purpose on this team....plus, he's an expiring next year just like Hump...so he has future trade value....you can't give Hump away for garbage as he represents the best chance for us to improve our team, by using him to acquire high priced talent..
Rezo201::Hump will not get us anything impactful, Hump + Marshon + 2 picks will. No teams want him.
thekola::TheBKGame is making itself out to be a less than trustworthy source. He has flip flopped once again.
Rezo201::Every single sports writer in the WORLD said Dwight would be a Net and he is a Laker. lol
thekola::true
Mets2410::He's reporting what he's seeing on Twitter. Sam Amico reported Nets have Hump for Gordon in their back pocket then Woj and Beck reported no.
Mets2410::kola he's not a source like Woj and those guys lol it's the Nets blog.
thekola::btw, if all he's doing is reporting conflicting reports he finds on the internet, he is useless. we can all do that on our own.
thekola::SPGCPA - in other words.....none of them....the mighty Woj included, has a clue what's going on...  as it should be. we shouldnt know what the nets are planning on doing until it's done.
SPGCPA::in other words.....none of them....the mighty Woj included, has a clue what's going on...
Rezo201::The Nets will make no trades. Hump will be more valuable next season with his contract expiring. Chris Sheridan said the Nets contacted 10-12 teams to take his contract in a 3 team trade and all refused.
Mets2410::Woj has spoken. No Gordon.
SPGCPA::that sux....guess we're not doing anything...
Rezo201::BOOM! ---- &gt;
thekola::i was actually kinda excited about this trade. Oh well.
thekola::looks like I just wasted the last few minutes talking about imaginary trades.
Porkchop8920::wow
SPGCPA::still think it happens.....Gordon serves a purpose....Humphs doesnt at this point...
SPGCPA::heard Spurs are looking to dump Dejuan Blair...or might cut him.....Stackhouse ( to match salaries) and either rights to Karaman or a 2nd rounder  ?
Porkchop8920::I'd take that
SPGCPA::having watched the Bucks last two night....honestly can't say that either Jennings or Ellis are players I would want on my team...
SPGCPA::so you'd rather have cap room with no player ??....DWil hasn't been up to his usual standards but he's still a top 10 PG, and when he gets healthy again, could easily be back in top 3 discussion
packersfanfrom89::Top 3?? C'mon....
packersfanfrom89::Fair enough, but I could easily say the same for Joe Johnson and D-Will. Especially considering their contracts.
packersfanfrom89::No, contracts not be damned.  It's a huge part.  Ellis is gone after this year, I'd keep our two knowing he's gone than take on D-Will and JJ's long term max contracts.
SPGCPA::you could.....neither has played well this year....but if we offered you our two for your two.....you'd sign off on that so fast, it wouldn't be funny...contracts be damned...
thekola::talented guys with no off button for their shooting arms. Ellis has been described as uncoachable. Not worth the trouble.
Rezo201::This Bucks guy on Twitter is entertaining. lol
thekola::Report: Humphries-Gordon trade secured in principle, pending potential Josh Smith trade ----------------------- Looks like Hump has played his last game as a net, one way or the other.
NYChe21::Meh.
Rezo201::Another positive is adding Gordon would mean no more Marshon. Marshon is a human turnover and his decisions are... I don't exactly have a word for how bad.
thekola::Porkchop8920 - he's basically already out of it. Maybe we could trade MarShon for a pick or a backup PF  this would take him from little minutes to no minutes.
Porkchop8920::he's basically already out of it. Maybe we could trade MarShon for a pick or a backup PF
Rezo201::Marshon wouldn't be in the trade, but he will never get into a game with Gordon on the roster.
thekola::Porkchop8920 - no. It's Hump for Gordon straight up  I think he's saying bringing Gordon pretty much completely dumps Brooks out of the rotation.
Porkchop8920::no. It's Hump for Gordon straight up
thekola::you gotta admit he sparked that run in the 4th before he had those 3 straight bad possessions
SPGCPA::would Marshon be part of trade ??......
Porkchop8920::lol my prediction (a few comments down) might come true. I'd love to see Ben come home (he grew up in Mount Vernon, NY) and be the 6th or 7th man
Porkchop8920::same, but at least we fill a need now
thekola::i think i would still prefer the JSmoove trade though.
Rezo201::Hump is useless, I will take Gordon. I don't think Gordon will make a big impact, but he will have more impact than Hump.
thekola::Gordon can shoot from the perimeter which the nets need BADLY. Hump has been horrible this year. even when he was good last year he was limited.
SPGCPA::reported where ?
thekola::http://t.co/L3xtv2u7Nv
thekola::to your right
Mets2410::even if Monta hit all three free throws, we all know what would have happened in those final three seconds.
thekola::MR. CLUTCH
RNYC::Monta Ellis should be investigated for point shaving. Between the dumb 3 last night and missing 3 FTs tonight. Something's up.
Illinifan2192::Nice to see D-Will have 2 good games in a row.
packersfanfrom89::If were totally disconcerning the defensive side of the ball...I guess.
packersfanfrom89::He's a terrible shooter statistically, yet always shoots well vs D-Will.  There's a correlation there....
capclip9::Brandon Jennings has been shooting the ball exceptionally well. You can't defend 9-9. D-Will did fine.
Clarence2126::the does have no heart or toughness. just a bunch of guys playing high school, maybe college level basketball.
Chinatown82647::Blow up the team, then the Bradley center, and let this team relocate. No one in Milwaukee cares about the NBA. The lowest attendance in the league. This is a Brewer town. They will draw another 3 million.
RNYC::Milwaukee sucks though right?
RANGERS1FAN_::Hg
Rezo201::Typo?
Clarence2126::lets hear it for the does....boooooo, u suck!
NjFan11::Teams I hope Nets don't see in playoffs: Heat, Any team with Jennings Teams I hope Nets do see in playoffs: Knicks, Any team with Ellis
Rezo201::Especially after Reggie trashed Lebron and called their title tainted. What an idiot.
Thedevil25::So.  do we make a trade or keep it the way it is?
Porkchop8920::we should trade Hump for Gordon, then use Brooks to get a decent PF or sign K-Mart or Somardo Samuels
Porkchop8920::lol he was soooooo bad. I don't think he's a PF though. But hey, we can always get the legendary Sean Williams back for some decent shot blocking (and nothing else)!!!!!!!!!
Rezo201::At this point, I would take Josh Boone.
Porkchop8920::maybe even Louis Amundsen
Rezo201::Oh we need power forward help badly.
NjFan11::JJ and Brook combine for 17 and Nets win. Great win.
Illinifan2192::Thanks to D-Will and others
Clarence2126::they beat the does, so what?
Rezo201::lol this is one game that Brook will not want to watch. You just pretend you never played in it.
Clarence2126::way to start off the second half of the season milwaukee does, lose back to back games to same team. here is where you all start to seriously suck and eventually miss the playoffs again.
whatsanoa::east is weak, they'll make the playoffs with a sub .500 record
Same_Old_Jay::Ellis and Jennings have to go. I'm sick of their 15/45 every night.
Chinatown82647::They will finish 10 games under and in the lottery once again, but then what else is new, and does anyone really care. Marquette &amp; Wisconsin will be the focus till the Brewers begin. Thank God.
Rezo201::We'll take Jennings if you don't want him.
Porkchop8920::sounds like Henson
RANGERS1FAN_::I hear ya Rezo but we have enough ppl @ the 3...... we need a 6'11 pf who can fInIsh rebound and defend....
Porkchop8920::no, I mean they hung on yesterday (tonight too though) because they were up most of the game.
Same_Old_Jay::Rezo201 - You just said we had no business winning last night (came back twice) and that you had a 15 point lead tonight (came back again). Reading comprehension is not your strong point.  No, it's not YOUR strong point. You had no business winning last night. How does that imply a team never comes back? Moron.
Rezo201::You just said we had no business winning last night (came back twice) and that you had a 15 point lead tonight (came back again). Reading comprehension is not your strong point.
Same_Old_Jay::Porkchop8920 - It's you Same-Old_Jay. Tonights game was basically the opposite of yesterday, except yesterday the Nets hung on.  You mean tonight the Nets hung on.
Porkchop8920::It's you Same-Old_Jay. Tonights game was basically the opposite of yesterday, except yesterday the Nets hung on.
Same_Old_Jay::Rezo201 - No business? So teams never come back in games according to your logic? Idiot.  Where did I say never? Who is the idiot again?
Rezo201::No business? So teams never come back in games according to your logic? Idiot.
Same_Old_Jay::LOL. Good joke. You had no business winning last night and we had a 15 point lead in the 3rd tonight.
Rezo201::It's called a defense adjusting. The Nets didn't allow him to beat them down the stretch both games.
Same_Old_Jay::By all means, please do. That's two nights in a row we let the Nets off the hook.
159Yanks::Wow. Most of the games we play in March are on the road. That includes an 8 game road trip. That seems pretty exhausting just seeing this
159Yanks::ok
rayjayisle::scroll down a little, i just mentioned it
rayjayisle::the nets are just like my college team (notre dame), their winning but you can't figure out why.
jrtall3n7::well said
Encaladitos::lol odds are things end same way for nets at end of season too.
GetHype88::Bucks = Losers  $@%!$@ 24-19 at one point and now 26-27. Just blowing games left and right.
Illinifan2192::lol
Clarence2126::no talent and their coach sucks
CATSFAN_41051::I thought the Bucks recalled Doron Lamb?  Where is he these days?
FadeBackShootAirBall2::is joe johnson the most inconsistent player in the NBA?
-FEARTHEDEER-::you just watched a bucks game and your calling a player not named jennings/ellis inconsistent?
Rezo201::No, not many guys score 24+ every game. He's been overall good.
FadeBackShootAirBall2::he does it every other game
Thedevil25::i was just on the Knicks board.  Simply hilarious.  They want to trade this guy for that guy.  Get rid of Felton.  Get rid of Shump.  It really is funny how good they thought they were.  Can't play cupcake teams every night
NYChe21::So predictable. Shump was their savior.  Amar'e was their savior.  Felton was going the beat the Nets single-handedly.  Oh man.  ROTFLMAO
rayjayisle::i keep looking at that ridiculous 8 game road trip we have all around the country, things won't  be settled until after that. thats why need to stockpile these wins now.
Rezo201::One negative is that we have gotten to the point where even when D-Will has a pretty good game it doesn't feel like it. He just doesn't put his mark on games from a feel point of view like he use to.
NYChe21::He also doesn't need to.  JJ took care of it yesterday, but DWill had a great game.  Today, CJ and Blatche were great off the bench but DWill played pretty well.
capclip9::Hey, Nets fans! Let's go troll the Knicks board! Gee, oddly quiet from Knicks fans here tonight. Hmmm, I wonder why. You'd think the Knicks lost by almost 40 or something, quiet as that bunch is right now.
capclip9::Believe me, I'm enjoying it, brother. I just hate those Knicks fans.
159Yanks::Nah lets not
thekola::don't stoop to their pathetic level. just enjoy the W
Rezo201::Since Christmas the Knicks are 13-13 and the Nets are 20-10. Two teams going in different directions.
Encaladitos::knicks are the magic except melo is taking the place of howard, but same concept live by the 3 die by the 3.
