Steve Carman::LOL! I knew LOWRY was pathetic.. but really LOL 3 MISS FREE THROWS IN A ROW LOL!!!! OH GAWD!!! this guy is TRULY PATHETIC!
Syd Mohsin::Pacers don't match well with the Raptors..Raptors wins again
Aaron Starr::Blowout, Pacers will not lose lol
Ray Waterman::I always enjoy when opposing fans are wrong...
Benny Thai Tran::It's great having Granger back...especially when D. West and PG are not having a good game.
Mickey Hughes::What's going on with PG...starting to look like KB, 4/12 & 2 ast
Marcus Grein::He is just not that great, A very good player but not great, at least not yet.
Brandon Tigues::nothings wrong with him he's just coming back down to earth after that hot start
Scott Hall::Brandon Tigues And our Heat troll
Jonah Swidan::Ball don't lie!!  I knew Lowry getting 3 foul shots was a bad foul call
Randall L Lockdall::It seems odd that a player inside can commit a foul getting position while Granger was shooting the three.  This ends up saving Toronto three points.  To me this is like the deadball foul when a ball is being thrown in bounds...in that case it is a technical. then you get the ball back discouraging intentional fouls to get an advantage.
Kyle White::I agree, I see where they are coming from but there needs to be some rule implemented to discourage it because it would have looked really bad if this game had to go into overtime or Raptors would have won by 3 points or less.
John Taylor::yes. the miami heat beat the pelicans. another miami heat win. the two time world champions have won yet another game.  lebron james has played great, as is he is the number one basketball player on the planet. :)  fist pump.  fist pump.  yea baby.  fist pump.
Scott Hall::2010ers
Igor Yank::2nd place in the east
Ben Rinaldi::Think you have the wrong game?
Chandler Trout::Lance stephenson is underrated in my opinion, plus who wouldn't like nicknames like born ready and the 8th grade.
Jonah Swidan::And Pacers haters said that Granger would disrupt the team chemistry,  lol quite the opposite actually
Keith Haemmerle::Granger is free to play some D and rebound now that he doesn't have to do all the scoring. He makes the Pacers much better..
Andy P Kordyban::I can't believe the Raptors are down 8. Indiana playing out of their minds.
Jonah Swidan::Not sure why  you CANT believe it,  Pacers are a deadly 16-1 at home.  I didn't expect the Raps to beat the Pacers twice within a week
Zack Schooler::Lol. If you think the Pacers are or were playing out of their minds.
Cameron Ross::Pacers are 16-1 at home for a reason!! Pacers win by double figures.
Taylor Manes::So the only loss the pacers has is to the bulls?  Wow....
Scott Hall::umm no
Taylor Manes::Who else? Cause it seems like it..wait Portland right? I'm..
Charles Simpson-Brown::Taylor Manes detriot
Tanya Rivera::Anyone else think mello is more effecient than p george
Jonah Swidan::nope just you
Zack Schooler::Anyone surprised you are here again with your anti-Paul George agenda? Nope
Josh Strouth::nope, you're the only moron on this board.
Cris Marianette Parian Cabasagan::Pacers win
Glydel Batoon::hahahaha wafa kie kah gurl? :0
Glydel Batoon::glydel d i......
Ronnie Smith::Go indiana
Jonah Swidan::Pacers revenge here
Al Asifyouknow::Dear Zarar Siddiqi I just don't understand your grades on Kyle and DeMar those two guys have folded in the last two game , 3-17 in the fourth quarter, all the misses in game changing situation and not one of the post here mention that. Fans blame Salmons, Vasquez and the water boy and yet those two guys lost the last two games by not producing in crunch time.  My grade for them is F for failing to hit the shots that counted, the 28 pints tonight by DeMar mean nothing in a loss, both games, Miami and Indiana, were winnable, if kyke and DeMar would of hit even 35% of those shots they get a win. My friend 3-17 in crunch time! that reminds me of A-Rod in the world series batting under 200. The blame is clear, the bench did what they are supposed to do, maintain the game, no be superstars, just keep them in the game and even though Vasquez has sucked (I think his foot still has not healed) the bench has done their job, you know, keep them in the game so the starts can finish the game. Again at 3-17 in crunch time is not a formula for winning. just saying.
Keith Haemmerle::Getting rid of Gay was a good move by Toronto. They have a good young group that plays hard and doesn't quit. As injury and age will make Miami is a sitting duck when the playoffs start I predict it will be the Raptors that knock Miami out in the second round. Too bad though because I wanted the Pacers to do it. Even though it would only be a 5 game series.
Andy P Kordyban::Even though the Raptors lost the last two games against Miami and Indiana, I still came away impressed. This team has come a long way very fast. They hung right in there with the best 2 in the East. As a Raptors fan, I am optimistic that, barring major injuries, we can snag the 3 seed.
Andy P Kordyban::my only beef, and it's a realtively minor one, is the ball can't stop moving in the 4th quarter. Demar and Kyle get antsi and want to play iso-hero ball.
Mang Artemio::cmon george why did you miss the ft???? everytime you have a big lead, you guys let it slip away in the 4th and play ft's. unlike in the early part of the season where you continue scoring until the 4th qrtr.... is there something wrong? or you guys been doing points saving
Jonah Swidan::Haha loser!!!  Now you don't have drug money now do you?
Scott Hall::Ya. Pioints saving.
Mang Artemio::Jonah Swidan hahaha drugs? not my style man. maybe you.....
Steve Carman::paul george is getting too arrogant now, look at him sticking his nose up so high. thinking i don't need to play hard just give me the ball and i'll do something fancy and score.. dude is getting too big of a head.
Jonah Swidan::No one will take you seriously since you troll every board on ESPN, goodbye now
Keith Haemmerle::you mean like leBron does?
Evan Michaelis::raptors are good... just besides derozan and lowery no one can really make shots and the pacers are playing team ball as usual
Evan Michaelis::scary part is the pacers  may not break 90 tonight and win
Michael Owens::Go Pacers !! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8cQQHdWKgc
Eric Wagman::Looking forward to this game. Hopefully it's as intense/physical as the matchup last week.
David Connie Barratt::Pacers are at home, But our Raptors do have spirit on the road.  DD going to go off tonight for 30+. Need to drive the net early.
Wade Mason::Nope... he's much better off stroking them in from 17 feet. Have you even looked at the Pacers defensive stats, most notably the opponents' shooting percent around the rim? No one in their right mind "should" pass up a makeable midrange jumper against the Pacers in favor of going into the paint with it.
