bamberg1977::The Pistons have been a totally different team 6 of the last 7 games. They should have won 6, the refs steamrolled the Pistons down the stretch of the Spurs game. The problem is I dont know why the Pistons are winning. A. Davis or bust in my opinion. He is a franchise changing player. And Pistons are going to win way too many games down the stretch of this season because we're clinging on to guys like Tayshaun and Ben Gordon.
bamberg1977::Every NCAAB game thread with a top 25 team has 5000+ comments.   This garnered 415. Wow, the NBA is struggling.
CosmoKramer1444::I love how Cousins is putting up All-Star numbers and he gets barely even a mention on Sportscenter. Jeremy Lin though guys....
pastelpaul::Have you seen Cousins in an interview? If you did, you wouldn't ask that question. He's got the mind and manner of a fourteen year old. Lin is a far more marketable and interesting player. Cousins is a big thug from the hood.
NBA_refs_are_weak::lol this team is ridiculous. their best and only consistent player goes 1 for 7, just a horrible horrible game for him, and 3 other starters all have their best games of the season. some consistency and the pistons could hold their own
bamberg1977::Tayshaun has had several better games this season. But i understand your point.   The sad thing is Cousins dominating the game vs. Monroe's shrinkage. This also happened to Monroe vs. Duncan. He's had 2 horrible games in his last 3.
billyblackwood::Can't wait too see I.T. play in his hometown when the Kings move to Seattle! :)
HateBrass::It was good to see I. Thomas lighting up the Palace again tonight.  It must have given that kid thrills to see his namesake's jersey up in the rafters and playing his first game there.
HateBrass::Detroit actually has a solid foundation in the backcourt with Rodney Stuckey and Brandon Knight.  Stuckey is now in his 5th NBA year and I think this will be his breakout year. Knight is going to be a good NBA point guard and Gordon is now in his comfortable role as 6th Man.  Monroe is the foundation in the frontcourt with Jerebko. Build with these five players and get Detroit back on top.  Franks is actually getting this team to play better.  I really wish Tom Gores and Dumars would get with Isiah Thomas and see if he would like to be like Will Robinson and be their top scout because he has value there.
bamberg1977::Stuckey is the same player he's been the last 3 years.   He's not a good shooter, he doesn't play off others well, he's one of the worst finishers around the rim you'll ever see.  Otherwise stuckey is a an all star talent. He can get to the rim whenever he wants. He's just way to focused on contact.   If Stuckey could shoot and had a little more touch on his shot, he'd be a flat out stud. He'd be a superstar. But I still wouldnt like him because he doesnt understand the game.
IMPORTEDHAYESBOYY::Dang the Sonics lost.
ksesch313::damnit.  pistons seem doomed to be a team picking at the end of the lottery forever.  tonight shows precisely why they need to tank games for a top 5 pick.  when knight has someone to pass to that makes shots, he could be a very good pg.  barnes could be that consistent scorer for him.  if not him, the pistons really need a big to play next to monroe.  gmo cant handle the post by himself and while i think he should be an allstar, he tends to get manhandled by the big bangers
HateBrass::Harrison Barnes is not the player the Pistons need.  A big guy in the middle like Yancy Gates of Cincinnati would give them size, defense, rebounding and  alowpost options to utilize Monroe's passing skills. I say hired Ben Wallace as a assistant coach and a trainer for  a guy like Gates.  Another pick I like would be Thomas Robinson if he was available or Christian Wattford of Indiana who at 6-9 could be a great NBA small forward.
bamberg1977::Watford is soft. I'd prefer D. Green over him. Much better defender and rebounder. Tougher, better leader, can pass more impactful. He'd be a great 2nd rounder.   In the first round I dont really care if its not Anthony Davis. Davis is the guy who could make Pistons in to a champions. Past that, I d guess I'll listen to whoever you say&gt; I dont think anyones going to change us much.
BobbyDon8::DETROIT BASKETBALL!!!
BobbyDon8::this is wassup
Lakermagicshowtime::battle of crap
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Kings beat Lakers
KSJezz::Cousins is in beast mode right now.  Everybody knew he had it in him. Trade someone else for a real PG Sac... and play some D...
Rictor3354::This team has talent, but no chemistry.  You saw them beat OKC, now they lose to bum teams.
Lebrons Fault 69::i hear that jimmer guy has a good slap shot...
Detroitsportsisback::Pistons finally get to 10 wins big deal my red wings just won they're 22 straight home game the record continues! Makes me sick its not even in the top 5 headlines on espn! BB is so gay!
Lakermagicshowtime::hockey is boring nobody cares
Jimdetroitfan94::Cut them slack my hockey bro.
joseph.b_916::Kings suck... and im from sac
billyblackwood::That's okay you won't have to worry about them much longer ;)  Seatown baby!!
Lakermagicshowtime::the queens
mrkantavich2::me too they blow so bad
Zach4panthers::well at least Cousins is getting numbers for trade value
zach strauch::Red Wings and Pistons win. 22 IN A ROW FOR HOCKEYTOWN USA. Great Friday night for the motor city.
skyline225::Detroit is 10-22. I really like how our team is playing right now, but they only have 34 games left, and just to make it to 500 and have a shot at the 8th seed, they need to go 23 - 11 from here out. That's somewhere in the ballpark of 68% the rest of the way. Not impossible, but I won't get my hopes up just yet!
HateBrass::I thought I wanted them in the lottery but I'm more concerned with developing Stuckey, Knight and Monroe together to build a solid foundation. I don't want a playoff berth because I do want a Top 10 pick and a guy who can add to the nucleus of Monroe, Jerebko, Knight and Stuckey.
Gaardegatron::they wont need to finish .500 to get the 8th seed. but im guessing 19-15 at the worst. finish 29-37. if the cards fall the right way.
greenbeerd13ish::Pistons are creeping up on the Cavs in the standings, not that it matters much
estebanpark::Posting about Jimmer... Avert your eyes if you need to.   There are a lot of different reasons why Jimmer isn't quite living up to expectations. He doesn't really fit into the Kings' system (unless he's in a position like Marcus or Tyreke to take 15 shots a game). I think it was a definite marketing move by the Maloof brothers to grab Jimmer early in the first round... It's like they don't care if he does well as long as people come to watch him. Also, Keith Smart has a lot on his plate and it's probably easier to not bother with player development and just stick with the veterans. All in all, I really just hope they trade him to a place where he can play a more important role.
Michael137052::His stats aren't that bad...not great by any stretch of the imagination, but they weren't that great as a freshman or sophomore at BYU either. This team really, REALLY, sucks. And his playing time is becoming really inconsistent. Under 20 minutes, with 9 points on 3-6 shooting, with 4 assists? That's not that bad, statistically.
estebanpark::he plays right wing for the Predators
screwford.....::never mind   i dont really care...  GO WINGS!!!
screwford.....::lol  it was a serious question though
screwford.....::who's jimmer?
screwford.....::the magic man strikes again!!!
screwford.....::this time with 5.8 seconds left
Lebrons Fault 69::pistons and red wings win!
screwford.....::22 IN A ROW!!!
MansGame5313::Go pistons. I know Stuckey had a great game but i still don't want him as my  starting  SG. Anyway keep on winning pistons continue to learn how to win consistently its worth much more than getting a lotto pick
HateBrass::This is now his 5th year and he knows Billups and Hamilton are gone. I think he is going to be a star now and the future in Detroit is bright for him. If he can have the impact Vinnie Johnson had in Detroit, we will be on top again.
skyline225::I like Stuckey as the starting SG. When he is the PG, it takes away from his ability to score the ball. When he comes off the bench, it is hard for him to stay in a rhythm. I think they finally got it right with him! They have been trying to say he was Billups' replacement for like 3 yrs now and he never fit that bill.
drewg1984::Dislike
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::GG and GL Pistons
Lionsfan1174::23 points, 10 assists, 6 rebounds, and 0 turnovers for Brandon Knight, I think we have our PG of the future locked up, a stat line like that for a young guard is amazing!
Ianlovesfozzypc::0 turnovers and another pathetic night on the defensive end.  Play some damn defense, for real.
Lionsfan1174::Daye has so much potential but there comes a time where you just can't keep waiting on the guy, if we can get a good deal for him I'd look into it. However I'd love for them to get him going, if he can put on some weight he'd be a nightmare match up at the 4 spot. Right now though he just thinks he's a SG and that's why you see the sloppy ballhandling, bad passes, he's got to realize that he's 6-11 otherwise he's not going to make it much longer in the NBA.
skyline225::yep, 0 turnovers! Can't expect that every game from a guy that has the ball as much as he does, but wow, we have a potentially dominant center if we don't forget about him, a future star PG, Stuckey is FINALLY coming around, and Gordon is back to making his money as the 6th man. I think we just need to get a little bigger on the bench, get another consistent scorer on the bench, and build our chemistry a little more and we will be back to competing with the best of em! Question is... what to do with Daye?
greenbeerd13ish::unless i'm mistaking 0 turnovers too
MansGame5313::yup that dudes got a bright future if he continues to develop.
skyline225::seems to be a common trend for guards coming out of UK! Keep it up Knight! Go Pistons!
chadwi12::loyal aztects.....thats not my standpoint at all.... i dont think they all suck completely, and have never said as much. i  think as a majority, they play selfish and extremely dumb...... this unfortuanately is very true..... much like u said about thorton tonight... i have laid off the "they hate him talk" however they still never seem to find him when hes open.... i think his coach is a damn fool, for killing his confidence, when it was beginning to look like he was turning things around.... started 4 games ave 16 a game shot 14 for 23 from deep... then directly after those four starts, what does not so smart do? two dnp's..... thats dumb....  no explanation works there... its dumb... much like the game he had 14 in the fourth when the kings were down 12 when he entered the game... he goes nuts... the kings tie the game... he gets yanked the final 2 min... they lose..... these are my problems with this idiotic situation.... dont try to make me seem like a dumb ace that has no basis....... i dont hate isiah... he plays the right way.... dont hate cousins.... dont even hate tyreke.... but he should never play a sec at point guard, and should never ever ever ever, shoot a three.....
Brian_Scalabrin3::Do you think Michael Jordan would accept Charlie Villanueva and a box of leftover Valentine chocolates for the Bobcats #1 pick?
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::jordan would give the pistons the bobcats #1 pick just for the pistons to KEEP villanueva
skyline225::Unfortunately, I think we have a better chance snagging the #1 pick with the box of leftover chocolate. By throwing Charlie V in the mix, were ruining the deal for Charlotte! @Charlie V suckks!!!!!!!
drewg1984::Think we can do it again versus Boston in a couple of days?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Hornets blowing it damn
JeffKent4MVP::hopefully the kings leave for seattle
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::hope not
drewg1984::Jeff Kent 4 MVP? Did you create this S/N about 15 years ago?
drewg1984::Not bittching. Actually just curious.
JeffKent4MVP::you think you're the first one to point this out? With all the usernames out there, you b.itch over this one? LMAO
Sternis-a-dbag::JIMMER IS A D-LEAGUER
CharlesRiver27::Um, Jimmer's stats are just fine given the minutes he's getting. Plus, he's a rookie and still learning the NBA. I'd say the kid is going to be solid.
chadwi12::he just scored 10 points as nba leaguer.. u dumb f u d g e....... so ur misinformed..... or a liar..
estebanpark::If it weren't for people coming to watch Jimmer, the Kings moving to Seattle would already be a done deal
braineater000::We get it.  You don't like Jimmer.
drewg1984::And a D-BAGGER
drewg1984::I think DET can keep about a .500 pace and finish with 27 wins, narrowly missing the playoffs
skyline225::Pistons are a better team than they were a month ago no question... I just wonder if they have dug themselves too deep a hole. I am excited to see them winning some games though! Go Pistons!
zach strauch::They did give miami a real run for their @$$ the last time the heat came to the palace, and that was with wade and james, not bosh though.
greenbeerd13ish::wrong it was james, bosh and no wade
Sternis-a-dbag::hahahahaha, thats a joke
Sternis-a-dbag::hahahahahaha, a better joke
drewg1984::The way they've been playing, they have a chance to beat anybody not named Miami, Chicago or OKC in a single game.
Detroits Biggest Fan::maybe slide in to 8th spot after orlando collapses because of howard. boston will slide as well.
drewg1984::*.500 pace from here on out
mikevickisyourfavoriteplayershero::spot on old chap
mikevickisyourfavoriteplayershero::jimmer fredette=jackie moon
chadwi12::funny that palace cheered harder for fredette than they did the pustons.... go figure
NWptown::Jacki moon is no jive turkey like Jimmer
Sternis-a-dbag::Not smart's fault...i think he is getting pressured to play jimmer to be frank...1) jimmer is the worst defender i have ever seen, 2) kings miss 3 easy layups in final 2 minutes, 3) Jimmer takes a ridiculous transition jumper with under 2 minutes, 4) JT...why take a free throw jumper in traffic when u can't make a free throw?, 5) thank you cousins for being awesome...  In the end, Kings just lost to probably the worst team in the league.  Keep Thornton, Cousins, Thomas and trade or waive the rest...
CharlesRiver27::Uh, that 3 Jimmer took in transition is a shot he made at a remarkably consistent rate in college. Jimmer taking a shot like that is not the same as an average NBA player taking that shot. Just give him a chance to show what he can do and don't be so quick to shoot down someone just because so many people like him.
chadwi12::dude ur so freekin full of horse shiz.... fredette played exceptionally well u dumb fudge..... and he played as good on the defensive end tonight as anyone on that freeking squad.... sooon the kings will be booted out of sac town, and guess what.... fredette wont have to deal with dumb aces the likes of you... how u could watch that game, and have all that neg towards fredette ill never know.. when he was in, they played much better
Sternis-a-dbag::i do think our rotations are better than when we had westphal, but i have NO CLUE why they keep playing salmons.  that guy is a joke
d.mccue83::it is smarts fault...he's not pressured to play Salmons...he just has a mancrush on him...he played Salmons over Thornton for the final 8 mins of the game that saw an 11 pt lead turn into a 4 pt deficit..while Thornton's 24 pts 8-14 FG  6-6 FT and 2-4 3's sat on the bench for John f*king Salmons who didnt take a single shot...Smart is a joke...he has no clue who to play ever...how do you not know Thornton's the teams best scorer..and that Salmons plain and simple just sucks..
Sternis-a-dbag::oh yeah, and let's applaud our GREAT perimeter defense.  Once again, not smart's fault...he is like the principal for a $@%!$@ school
drewg1984::113 points is far and away det's highest of the year
braineater000::They played against the worst defense they'll see all year.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::watch jimmer hit that 3 that put SAC up 10 and tell me they hate jimmer. The coach doesn't play him enough recently I agree.
Sternis-a-dbag::thats because jimmer is a d-leaguer
braineater000::you're a dbag
Astrohusky::Wow, Smart you sit IT for the whole 4th quarter?  Not so smart after all.
curtless::d.mccue83 i'm guessing you didn't watch the game, becuase he definitely wasn't in there and Thornton was.
d.mccue83::IT played half the qtr buddy...but he benched Thornton for almost the entire qtr in favor of John  Frigin Salmons who didnt even take a single shot the entire 4th qtr,...24 pts 8-14 FG  6-6 FT  2-4 3's....those are the stats Thornton had before he was taken out at the 8 min. mark and wasnt put back in until half a min left in the game...smart single handedly cost the Kings the game. he's a joke...so many bad coaches in this league.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Chad, I get upset at you because you act like nobody is good on this team besides jimmer and they all hate him. Neither of those are true
CharlesRiver27::By all accounts Jimmer is a very nice kid and a good teammate, so if the other SAC players hate him it's because they are immature and selfish. I don't think those two words are far off when it comes to describing Cousins, Evans, etc.
treezeyforsheezey::They actually do hate him. I have a friend who works in the offices. They all hate him. Won't even talk to him.
Detroits Biggest Fan::2012 roster: Pg: knight Sg: stuckey Sf: kidd-gilchrist pf: monroe c: kaman gordon jerebko daye draymond green fab melo singler bynum russell
Brian_Scalabrin3::Hell no, Kaman sucks.He is going to get injured in the first game he plays
mikevickisyourfavoriteplayershero::god i hope we get dray he is the truth...barnes or rivers wouldnt hurt either
DetKoolAid::kaman actually might come here, rumor has it he wants to come back home to michigan and the hornets dont want him
2bowdown::loads of talent + Selfish individuals = Sacramento Kings
2bowdown::Ok....maybe not loads.    Just about the only time they kick it out is when they get stuck in the air with no where to go.
drewg1984::Same with the Wizards
DetKoolAid::i wouldnt call them selfish look at the fastbreaks and the assist total for the kings! its the coach, looks like the kings are allergic to playing D
d.mccue83::and an insanely terrible coach..
mikevickisyourfavoriteplayershero::chill with the LOADS they have talent but not LOADS
d.mccue83::cant win when your best shooter sits on the bench the entire 4th qtr in favor of a rookie. who didnt hit 1 shot from the field in the entire 8 mins Thornton sat on the bench.
d.mccue83::congratulations Kings you officially have the worst coach in the league..going into the 4th qtr Thornton has 24 pts 8-14 FG 6-6 FT 2-4  3's...he plays the 1st few mins. take him out...watch a 12 pt lead evaporate...and they dont put him back until half a minute to play so he can miss his final 2 shots...Jimmer and Thomas went 0-4 in the 8 mins Thornton sat on the bench...that was easily the worst coaching performance i've ever seen in my life..wow.
estebanpark::So you must be like.... a couple weeks old?
braineater000::neat
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Jimmer is not a good player yet, but he will be a solid shooter in this league in the future.
chadwi12::stupid... he's a great player.. on a terrible team... with a retarted coach.
treezeyforsheezey::If you put him on a team that plays as a team, you're looking at a better shooting version of DWill.   Seriously.
mikevickisyourfavoriteplayershero::i think hell be a better version of reddick
undefined25::kent 1, tacoma 0
DetKoolAid::with no off season im sure it hurts the chance to build chemistry and for rookies to get their feet wet. imagine if brandon knight actually got to play in the summer league he would be even better today
treezeyforsheezey::Hey Sacramento fans:   If you want to keep your team for another season, you better protest outside of the team offices for the firing of Keith Smart.
chadwi12::TRUE
SLIMPSON9::Jimmer please make another half court shot
Detroits Biggest Fan::key to the game: don't play daye!
