Whaler68::It is one game on the second day of season. For people to to think this spells doom for the Heat or think the 76'ers are going to be even an average team is hysterical.  Remember last year the Heat started 29-14 and lost the second game of the season to the Knicks by 20. They lost 2 more the rest of the regular season.   I love to see the Heat lose more than anyone but this is 1 game is an 82 game season.
Daren::2013 NBA Draft        Current Team          Points 1 Anthony Bennett	Cleveland	                 2 2 Victor Oladipo	Orlando	                 12 3 Otto Porter	Washington	0 4 Cody Zeller	Charlotte	                  2 5 Alex Len		Phoenix		0 (after 1 qtr) 6 Nerlens Noel	Philadelphia	0 7 Ben McLemore	Sacramento	3 (after 1 qtr) 8 K. Caldwell-Pope	Detroit		9 9 Trey Burke	Utah		0 10 C.J. McCollum	Portland	                  0 11 Michael Carter-Williams  Philly	22  Rough first game for Michael Carter-Williams.  Outscored by LeBron James (25), and the 10 draft picks in front of him in their first games (28 combined).  On the plus side, he also had 12 assists, 7 rebounds and a win over Miami.
MIkeyP::I couldn't be happier.  Really, I couldn't possibly be happier.
clint::40 threes Miami really?
TinyT::I know they just won back to back titles but I don't understand Spo at times! They are on a roll from the 2nd and 3rd quarter and he benches his two best players at the beginning of the 4th instead of putting the game out of reach for good! I understand the bench is pretty good but they were not playing good tonight and let the Sixers get back into the game! Bosh, dawg, you need to muscle up and stop letting 6'6 and 6'4 wing players out rebound you! I don't know how many times that happened to him tonight lol!
John C::Balanced scoring, got to the line, good FT percentage, good rebounding.  Enjoy it while it lasts!
barry::yahoo sucks with game coverage!
Knickschamp Tumblr Com::ESPN just reported that Dwayne Wade has been diagnosed with HIV.
Brian::can some one explain what the F is going on??????????????????????????
Saturn::Difference between lebron and Jordan was Jordan was always the best player in the building and proved it every night. Lebron is sometimes the best player in the building.
