mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
stxspartacus::free jimmer
EarlDean60::The best part of last nights game was all the disappointed Utah Jazz slugs that feel compelled to watch an entire Kings game just to get a glimpse of their lover...  now consider if that lover never played another minute... totally and completely demoralizing another teams fans, I think we've found Jimmer's real value as a member of the King's team... Smart, you've had the right plan all along...
seattleitez::troll
shawm1::Being a BYU graduate, I am hoping for the best for Jimmer, and am of the opinion that Smart doesn't know what to do with Jimmer.  However, these charges of racism against Smart need to stop.  People on every side of too many issues are far too quick to make unsubstantiated claims of racism, as if there couldn't be any other possible motive.  All it does is poison us toward each other.
kfilter::exactly. Just shows how crazy these fans are and ruins their point that he should get more playing time. Even though as a  true kings fan I believe he should play more as well as IT over brooks
dog_has_fleas::The sad part is he is blamed that Jimmer is the only white guy on the team as if it is his fault. I just don't really get it.
BubbaSpiker::Moses: "Let my Jimmer go"
dog_has_fleas::Something I cannot believe is how ignorant people are. So the guy is a racist for not playing Jimmer? Is it possible he gave Jimmer time off in a game he could afford to? The guy wins by 19 and yet he is dumb and ignorant and doesn't know what he is doing? Funny how I didn't hear this before the three game win streak but the Jimmer homers come out in full force calling Smart a racist and moron because he didn't play him. Oh boo f wording hoo, get over it.
whitesugarshaq::For the first time on this post we agree on something.
dog_has_fleas::Still not sure why they didn't draft Brandon Knight.
whitesugarshaq::My issue is that he still played IT and Thornton in the 4th when they sucked in the 1st half, and then when the game was in control, thanks to Outlaw and the Starters, he didn't let Robinson and Fredette get some playing time.
dog_has_fleas::I scratch my head with not letting T-Rob get run only because he is supposed to be the guy that helps turn it around. Fredette isn't part of the Kings future. I firmly believe they are trying to build trade value to unload him.
dahojas::Last game against Orlando Jimmer played a HUGE part in that win. He scored 9 points in the 4th quarter and came up clutch. What else can you ask for in a player? Usually a coach rewards players for playing that well with more playing time. That's why it doesn't make sense for Smart to bench him. He should be rewarding successes and benching for failures.
dog_has_fleas::I agree it is odd and I would like an actual reason of why it happens but I could care less who plays and why in a win. I like having quality guys on the team and the fact that they won without Jimmer should sort of prove that the coach knows what he is doing. 17 point advantage after the break, made adjustments. I am not singing the praises of a coach I am not sold on for one win, I just think the he is racist and dumb and doesn't know what he is doing is sort of wrong.
dahojas::Not to mention Jimmer by far is bringing the Kings the most revenue. The Kings' fans want to see him play as badly as BYU fans.
dahojas::I personally don't think it's a HUGE issue. Especially if this wasn't happening all the time. Each time Jimmer has a great game, he's DNPCD the very next game. Look it up. It's frustrating to Jimmer fans because we know his potential and he is unable to reach that with Coach Smart not playing him as he should. I personally don't think Jimmer should start above Brooks, but should be playing more and before IT. And please stop singing the praises of a coach for one win. The Kings are still the worst team in the West. What do they have to lose in helping Jimmer develop as a player?
dog_has_fleas::Still not sure what the huge issue is, the team won. Oh I am sorry I am a fan of the Sacramento Kings, not just one player.
BubbaSpiker::"Is it possible he gave Jimmer time off in a game he could afford to?"  Because of what?  Jimmer is old and needs rest?  You come off as dumb as the coach.  Is that what you would have done?  Is that what ANY rational person would think about how to deal with your players?
dog_has_fleas::i sound dumb because it is possible that the coach had a reason he didn't address yet? The coach is dumb, for what? They won, whats the problem?
whitesugarshaq::I don't know about the whole racial aspect, but I do question what the Coach is thinking. They won this game in spite of the bench, not because of the bench.  They gave up a huge lead with poor shooting and turnovers by the second unit in the 2nd qtr.  That's not forgiven just because the starters were on and saved face.  Why, in the second half, didn't Coach make "adjustments" and play Fredette and Outlaw? Also, why not give him some burn time when Portland took out all their starters with like 5min. left in the 4th.  Does Thorton really need the extra playing time?  Only player not to play in a blow-out was James....makes no sense.
dog_has_fleas::Wait so Pop sits four players and almost wins, its okay. Smart sits Jimmer and still wins and he needs to adjust the gameplan. Wouldn't his team outscoring the Blazers in the second half indicate adjustments?
Charley Varrick::And smart is a horrible coach. He's never won as a coach. He has a job because of his ethnicity. Trade Freddete who does deliver instead of wasting his talent. Brooks and Thomas are doing such a great job, yea right. Smart is bigoted, nuff said. He'll never win because of his attitude.
dog_has_fleas::And lets go further into this, Brooks goes 6 of 10 and 2 of 4 from 3 and he didn't do well? I agree that the 7 TOs combined is bad but Jimmer isn't exactly a model of consistency with the ball in his hands as well. Complaining a guy didn't get run in a 19 point win is just....weird. As i said earlier, be happy when they win, its a team game, Jimmer playing doesn't guarantee a win.
dog_has_fleas::What proof is there that he is bigoted? He doesn't bring the players in, he coaches them and the fact that the team won by almost twenty and yet people complain is irrational. I would understand this if it was a normal conversation but no one calls for the guys head until poor Jimmer doesn't see enough floor time.
Charley Varrick::Smart is a racist.
MILBREW318::#PlayJimmer
joshsy77::The Kings have 4 PGs on the team and have career stats listed for each.  Aaron Brooks has the worst stats yet starts averaging .357 points scored per minute played. Isaiah Thomas gets a respectable .456 points per minute played. Tyreke Evans gets just above that at .477 points per minute played.  Then comes Jimmer who scores .610 points per minute played, yet did not play for the coaches decision.  Smart is an idiot for sure.
dog_has_fleas::An idiot for sure, won by 19 but yeah he must be an idiot.
Italics87::Nevermind the King's record this year or last...
eototalt::Do you guys think this is reasonable? The Wolves need a SG!  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=ceoezqh
springfresh3.1::F U Port, you guys f'n SUCK!!!!!!!!
Preston8446::It was BYU alumni game and Keith smart doesn't play Jimmer stupid decision i believe he is racist towards jimmer because hes the only white guy on the kings whole program i have lost all respect for keith smart
dog_has_fleas::Geoff Petrie brings in the players, he is white.
Charley Varrick::Petrie has never won either.
ViaFino::How in the world does Jimmer NOT play in this game. Keith Smart is a racist and should be fired immediately.
Preston8446::agreed
eototalt::Trade him to the Wolves. We use white guys!
Zede51::they won by 20 who cares about jimmer?
D...Angelo...Vickers::All the more reason to play him
J Flem::Free Jimmer
MILBREW318::If I could like this comment a thousand times I would
Agent_Avilaz::///////////
TyrekeTheKing13::jimmer should of played even though he won he would of done better then thomas
EnricoMeli::One of the Blazer's  worse game of the season after their loss to Washington and Boston. This team is not ready to play in most games and I blame it on the coaching staff.
dahojas::freejimmer
CharlesRiver27::CANNOT believe Jimmer got a DNP after the great games he's had recently. What coach in his right mind leaves a blossoming player like Jimmer on the bench an entire game. Unbelievable. It's almost like Smart has a vendetta against Jimmer and is doing everything within his power to ruin Jimmer's career. What a joke for a coach.  #freejimmer
Charley Varrick::A bigoted hateful racist. He hates whitey!
Meyers Leonard::Pacman down!
fball8088::Pacman looked good that round
Delontes Alter Ego::Down goes Marquez
Byugeddes::Smart needs to go, again this is the same coach that benched Lensanity! Let Jimmer go to a coach/team that would use his talents
Delontes Alter Ego::Manny's getting his a** kicked, IMO.
Cbowzer::My starting ones are still waiting on mod approval but feel free to go make your own "Racist Rotation Smart" meme on this generator. http://memegenerator.net/Racist-Rotation-Smart
JstCallMeDaddy21::Is tyreke ok? Im on east coast and I know his knee been sore what happen tonight why didnt he play?
JstCallMeDaddy21::hopefully not to serious hes on my fantasy team! lol
JstCallMeDaddy21::any say on when he may return because i saw he played wednsday and played well
fball8088::bruised knee
ChargersFan4Life001::im out, GG and GL Blazers. Great win kings, 3 in a row. GOOOOOO KINGS! later all
whatsgood518::pacquio got rocked
Jim Buss Decisions::pacman goes down!
stevestap::FREE JIMMER!!!!
Jim Buss Decisions::Jimmer in Utah would be getting 48min each game
lewisk09::The Kings should be fined like the spurs for resting Jimmer.
ClydeTheGlide_22::Remember the 2002 WCF? Stern hates the kings, so it won't happen.
Jim Buss Decisions::jimmer is a goat
ChargersFan4Life001::cousins was only 6-17, but shot well at the ft line and didnt turn it over. not bad
stevestap::He had alot of half hooks that hit back rim or bounced out that were good shots. Those will start to fall.
fball8088::Good luck to everyone who made the playoffs in fantasy football
sklater::Hey, I just found out why Jimmer didn't play tonight.   He does have an injury.  He has bed sores on his rear end and the back of his thighs.  Doctors say its because he sits on hard chairs for too long of stretches.
Jeff41456572::jj
CharlesRiver27::Lame A comment.
wwwwaterboy::This is a byproduct of skin Pigmentation issues, I have heard.
ChargersFan4Life001::lol
paulschumann01::Jimmer just got jimmered by his own coach...
fball8088::Tyreke, Jimmer, Salmons, Robinson, Cousins. new starting line up
Grantox::only problem is smart would have to be gone for that to happen
razzledazzletj81::Did he sit because it was a nationally televised game? Smart owes me $189 plus tax for the League Pass, Jimmer is the main reason I bought it.
paulschumann01::I bet many fans feel this way. If the NBA is supposed to be entertainment, why keep a popular player on the bench, especially when the game is in hand? You put him in for a few minutes and still win. Now more people are disgruntled, all because...?
Grantox::yeah they cant have people seeing he is actually good!
gt1master_ike::I keep thinking the Blazers will run off some games. Just when I think they could not be any worse, and then they go ahead and do this.
Meyers Leonard::Even I get more minutes than Jimmer!  #letjimmerplay
willwarner12::THREE GAME WINNING STREAK! LETS MAKE IT 5 AND WIN THESE NEXT 2
stevestap::And then lose to okc!
ChargersFan4Life001::YEAH!
fball8088::Michael VIck &gt; Tom Brady  -Smart
razzledazzletj81::There was a whole game tonight in which 23 men played and the only one anyone cares about was a DNP.
CharlesRiver27::That's because the player who got the DNP is the funnest player to watch and the one people pay to see.
Daniel7900::Because the one who didn't play is playing better than the 3 guards who played instead of him, and the reason he didn't play is because the coach doesn't like him.
surasosa::jacked up... smarted deserves a slow %%%%%
Grantox::What team you guys thin jimmer would do best on? I think the lakers( i hate lakers) because he would start until nash is back then he would back nash up. I think lakers and jimmer would benefit! i wanna see jimmer get a chance at least. cant do any worse than duhon or blake
Grantox::so he needs to go somewhere(jim) he cant keep sitting like this after the way he has played.
Cbowzer::Kings, he's the perfect complement to Reke. Reke is a primary ball handling 2 and Jimmer is a scoring 1. Jimmer plays like a 2 on offense and defends the point with Reke doing the opposite covers both players weaknesses.
Cbowzer::exactly, because Keith Smart is joke
Grantox::he is on the kings and he sits entire games after having great nights in previous games
Grantox::also the jazz. he would be so beloved in utah. the jazz could use a fresh pg to back mo up
willwarner12::He was hurt tonight.
Grantox::no he was not lol... well maybe butt cramps from sitting so long
Daniel7900::Not buying it. He had a good game last night and so Smart decided to keep him benched in case it happened again.
lewisk09::What was he hurt with?
Ajax1489::Got the kings at+16.  Thanks kings$$$$$$$
Cbowzer::I think I'm going to go start a "Racist Rotation Keith Smart" meme tonight.
Delontes Alter Ego::fights about to start, if anyone cares.   http://www.thefirstrow.eu/watch/157886/2/watch--hbo-ppv:-manny-pacquiao-vs-juan-manuel-marquez.html
BANKROBBA2020::Wow, Portland is REALLY getting f_____ in the a__ by Sacramento!
TTBurton::Jimmer is playing way better than IT and Thorton. What a joke.
