Beanslams46::"How come the LAKERS can make a Christmas Day come back and we're stuck in an nba halloween?"  --mak cuban
SPURZWARZ1.0::Merry Christmas Everyone!
Tiagoooo::"slam_dunk_on_u The Mavs will win this game...even without Dirk, What I wonder is what kind of excuse spurt fans are gonna make this time? your horrible team is finally complete, everyone is back from "injury"....what excuse are you gonna make now?   Mavs by 8 13 morons like this."  Just a gem I found from earlier in this thread.
Vaquero In The House::Like Tiagooo said, this idiot is a Fakers fan &amp; always posting crap about the Spurs.  He should be worried about his own team because of late, they suck.
Tiagoooo::thing is he isn't even a mavs fan. he's a lakers fan which makes it even funnier because of how they are performing with 2 or 3 top 10-15 players on their team.
Eg214::Theres delusional fans for every team. Im a mavs fan and a gambler and i didnt even like mavs +10 Had to stay away from it even tho i wanted to take the points and im glad i did
Longhorn514::Spurs showed Dallas who has the real "Big D"
Jon Armdog::Does "D" stand for Dirty Water?  Because that River Walk is pretty gross
Vaquero In The House::No it stands for "Daddy"
TeXAsForLIfE123::Dirk leaving mavs next year.
The Jobless Mamba::Wow.  This game was an old-fashion Spurs Beatdown.
ApookTheDestroyer::It's not a beat down without Bruce Bowen
oblique15::Did anybody think they would be a better team then the Spurs just cause Dirks back? I bet but they must be real delusional about what one guy can do. EVen Lebron went running scrared to Miami to get help.
Vaquero In The House::Dirk Nowitzki is the Mavericks scoring machine &amp; a lot of their offense goes through him, so yes, he does make a difference when he's at full strength.  However, let's not forget that the Mavericks much like other teams in the league don't have the depth in bench players that the Spurs have, a good example would be when Leonard was out with injuries, the Spurs continued to march without missing a beat.  Another example would be the bench players almost beating the Miami Heat when Coach Pop decided to fly half the team home.  Call it what you will, I call it coaching &amp; give a lot of credit to Coach Pop.  Go Spurs Go!
UrJellyBro::Quit making $@%! up dude, your whole flsh line failed
Eg214::I never read a post sayn with dirk back mavs were a better team than the spurs! Quit making things up. Mavs are a better team with him back i know we all agree on that but no one ever said we are better than the spurs at this point because we are not
oblique15::lol you guys are funny Im not talking $@%!. I like the Mavs but I could tell you guys are sensitive and butt hurt lol
Nowitzki.::oblique15 - I never said somebody said that. Im just sayen no reason to have the Headline: Spurs roll over Mavs in Dirk's return as if it anybody expected much.  That is what actually happened you dou.che! And give the Mavs time to adjust and Dirk get comfortable before talking sh.it
oblique15::I never said somebody said that. Im just sayen no reason to have the Headline: Spurs roll over Mavs in Dirk's return as if it anybody expected much.
Eg214::Mavs are 12-16 with a new Squad and dirk only playing one game   Once Hes back at 100% mavs are going to start wining more games! Do you not have a brain? And they didnt get blown out by some scrubs the spurs are title contenders on a good night they can blow out any team at home!
UrJellyBro::The MAVS won't make the playoffs this year, simple as that. From title to bust
Eg214::Seems like u know the future
Eg214::I Just Added to my post but thanks for your concern
Eg214::Idiots these days act like the mavs have had the same players and dirk has played with them for years now! No ITS A NEW TEAM AND THEY HAVE ONLY PLAYED ONE GAME TOGETHER SO GET UR HEADS OUT OF UR A SS
SDowler1::Idiots respond to their own posts. Crazy people actually argue with themselves. You sir did both and it's a little bit scary !
BloodBard::It's time to shut it down, turn off the lights and go home !  ~ Dirks commentary on the Mavs season
tbs-1982::Poor laughable Dallas fans and Marc Cuban. This was suppose to be Dwight Howard and Deron Williams vs Tony Parker and Tim Duncan. Instead,even a worn out and ineffective dereck fisher doesn't wan to play in Dallas. Give it a few years after dirk retired. The 2012 bobcats = future Dallas teams.
ApookTheDestroyer::"How would someone without a brain be typing on an internet forum? "  I thought that was a prerequisite . . .
UrJellyBro::How would someone without a brain be typing on an internet forum? The Mav's suck and its only downhill from here
Eg214::Mavs are 12-16 with a new Squad and dirk only playing one game  Once Hes back at 100% mavs are going to start wining more games! Do you not have a brain? And they didnt get blown out by some scrubs the spurs are  title contenders on a good night they can blow out any team at home!
Eg214::Your crazy if u think cuban would let that happen
Sam58548::Cuban has already let that happen. The Mavs are 12-16 if you hadnt noticed. He broke up a championship team for a pipedream.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Spurs won by 38, and had a 46-point lead at one point?  Damn...  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
txpryde::ForeverGrapeOKC- think before you speak. The Spurs already beat the Thunder. Also, win a championship before you start talking smack. Your such a moron.
ForeverGrapeOKC::still cant beat OKC tho....
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Spurs already beat OKC earlier this year.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Edit. Everyone beat me to it.
Mavs 2013 Champions::LOL when the spurs when they play thunder,Memphis and clips in playoffs
Vaquero In The House::I don't think anyone knows who the Spurs will be playing in the playoffs, there's still a lot of season left to be played.....
txpryde::Mavs 2013 Champions- Do you read your post before you hit the "post" button? You make absolutely no sense you moron.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Not as funny as your username.
chris-paul -the -truth::all laker fans are becoming clipper fans or doing this watch this clip carefullyhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=1381872763348...
Nando de Colo Satanic Cult::LOL Mavs
i have read the terms and conditions::Breaking News: David Stern to fine the Spurs for sitting their stars up when up 40.
Vaquero In The House::Nothing against the Marvericks but Coach Pop should have kept the starters in until the score was so ridiculous that the Marvericks would complain, then he could place the blame on David Stern's for running up the score, claiming he didn't want to sit his starters for fear that Stern's would fine him again.
Eg214::Not funny
ApookTheDestroyer::I think it's a little funny.
el_kabong2k::Hearing Sean Elliot slurp the Spurs all game long was awful.
MrRaider509::Sean Elliot is a Spur and I love hearin that dude he speaks the truth !!!!
EMP0923::Have you ever listened to a Mavs broadcast.  Those guys are drunk on the Cuban/Nowitski kool-aide for life! Most all local broadcasters are homers.
ApookTheDestroyer::Yeah. I think that's ok. Most of the local listeners are going to be homers too, right?
Damasta959::that's what local commentators are paid to do...... can't hate on them for doing their job
neverzero::It's not that Dallas deserved any credit, Sean Elliot really takes being a homer to a whole nother level. Even though Cousins is a loose canon to say the least, it wasn't surprising to hear that he went after Elliot.
i have read the terms and conditions::What part of that game did Dallas deserve any credit?
nba is the worst::Spurs have made it through the tough early schedule in decent shape, leading all west teams in games played (29, only the Pistons have played more) and 3rd in road games (behind Denver and Utah).  Tough road B2B @ Bucks and Knicks to start 2013, then an easier month until February - which has 9 of 11 games on the road. March is just the opposite, with 12 of 14 at home.  I can't remember ever seeing a schedule this unbalanced - GO SPURS!
MrRaider509::yea stern riged that series
neverzero::It would have mattered a lot. Game 5 and 6 were pretty contested and easily could have made the difference. Green got regulated to the bench and forced Pop to play everyone heavy minutes that they weren't used to.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Don't forget the Joey Crawford FT parade for OKC, either.
CubicleJoe::agreed, go spurs.  i really want to see this group win another.    emotionally, i'm not ready to commit to them after the recent post-season collapses.
CubicleJoe::nba is the worst - Too bad Green is so inconsistent - his misses in the WCF were key last year  ======= okc just seemed to get white hot, don't know if him playing better would've mattered the way they flipped the switch.
nba is the worst::Too bad Green is so inconsistent - his misses in the WCF were key last year
mkwan0::I am amused that the only argument people can make agianst the Spurs is that they haven't won a championship since 2005, so that means they are playoff chokers.  That logic only holds true if you acknowledge that the Spurs have a spuperior roster to all the competitors.  So, people who are saying that the Spurs are dissappointing because they don't win it every year are pretty much admitting that TD, Parker, Manu, and the crew are better than LBJ, Bosh, and Wade, or Durant, Westbrook, Martin and crew.  Pretty significant respect, if you ask me.
UrJellyBro::How the hell does people saying that mean they are saying your team is better than Miami? Your drawing conclusions that don't follow for your evidence at all.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs remain the bellweather NBA team - good management, good coaching, team play &amp; community support.  Doesn't get much better than that.
WeAreTheMenInBlack::NOVABuffalo - Spurs remain the bellweather NBA team - good management, good coaching, team play &amp; community support.  Doesn't get much better than that.  Yup...they don't always win the title, but they are always in the playoffs, and are the winningest team in any pro sport (NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL) over the last 15 years.  They are the model franchise for the NBA.  The Spurs do it the right way.  Their sustained excellence is what makes them a dynasty.
nba is the worst::*2007
NOVABuffalo::Danny Green just made another 3 from the locker room
chris-paul -the -truth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItaDWfOifXY
TheCronoMasterMind::20 3s in the game? One hell of a game by the Spurs tonight, no wonder it was a rout. It's not often you can say that when a team scores 91, so kudos on a scary offense. Glad the Magic won't see you guys again until the end of the season! Good luck to you. Also good to see Dirk back in the line-up for the Mavs, they've struggled mightily without him.
AustinBeal::I hope Jacques Vaughn works out for ya'll
Ahmad4456::Spurs will be the #1 seed again, and they'll fold in the playoffs again.
mkwan0::How is making it to the WCF's considered a fold?  Last year they were projected to be fading into irrelevancie, instead they exceeded everyone's expectations, and marched to the WCF's, but all idiots like you can say is 'Well, they didn't win a championship, so they folded'.  Moron
nba is the worst::Not to mention that the deciding gm 6 featured a +13 ft line "win" delivered by convicted felon lead ref (and Spurs-hater) Joey Crawford (Spurs had more FGs, Threes, and points in the paint)...
NOVABuffalo::Spurs have won two championships w/o the #1 seed - it's about the championship not the seed
chris-paul -the -truth::its either thunder or my clips going all the way -my opinion
Dillon Basi::I don't think miami will repeat, my prediction is they will be overconfident and cocky and think that just because they won the championship last season, getting to the finals is for sure, but they just have to find a way to win in the finals and they will screw up and lose in the ECF to the bulls.
Dillon Basi::Thunder yes, clips no, IMO it will be the bulls, they are playing really well right now WITHOUT D Rose, so I think once he comes back they will be the best and probably win the championship, but finals will be OKC vs Chicago can't decide the winner between the two for sure, they are both very good.
Ahmad4456::All the way to losing to Miami ?
jdmcneel1967::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. i have made 3k a month the past 3 months using it. You can find the system online by searching for basketball betting system
._.birdman::cool story bro.  tell another?
jdmcneel1967::I have been using this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month profits the past few month now just following this system. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
bwp2bruce::Manu Ginobili makes no-look passing seem easy. The guy plays like a video game.
Dillon Basi::For real, in my opinion he is among the most underrated players in the nba, foreign born players just don't get the respect they deserve as basketball players, they are constantly labeled things such as soft, floppers etc...my lord Parker, ginobli, gasol and dirk and great players! And gallinari is getting up there too and Scola
NOVABuffalo::don't think I agree danield .... that would be like saying folks from Puerto Rico are "foreign players".  They are US citizens.
danield573::Technically, yes. St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.
AustinBeal::Is Tim Duncan a foreign player?
danield573::Compare Pop's post-game comments to Carlisle's... Class: You either have it or you don't.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::I probably the only mothalover other then laker fans that think there going to get there sh¡t together.
jawniel::Upside-down exclamation point. That is genius and I will use it. Thank you.
11Marcin::been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a mont profit the past 3 months now using the systems bets. You can find this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.
Joe six pack and a bag of chips::Dig the Mavs,HATE Cuban.
11Marcin::I have been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using this system picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find the system there. I have bet on sports for years and never have seen a system work so good.
gfugi1111::step aside spurs lakers are back no matter what the record they are the best in the nba healthy
mkwan0::They have the talent, but still have a major chemistry issue.  Defense is their problem, but the help they are getting (from Nash) is all on the offensive side of the ball.  Howard is only happy when he is getting his touches, but he is at best a 3rd, maybe 4th option on offense.  They are trying to install a new system mid-season, while under a microscope.  I don't think they have what it takes to regain relevancy in this season.
Brian32768::Fakers are all washed up, yesterday's news.
11Marcin::Even as a spammer I gotta LMAO at this comment
tdmanu::hahahaha
fallsoversteve::LOL. tool.
Morey_chosen_rocket_monsters::ROCKETS CLOSING IN ON STEALING SPURS "THUNDER" NO PUN INTENDED
Morey_chosen_rocket_monsters::Spurs cointinue to make this rocket fan proud to be a Texan and from texas
hookem731::Nice.
Morey_chosen_rocket_monsters::Im glad Spurs in my division and or conference
Damasta959::i was SO upset that the spurs didn't win by 40
hookem731::That upset me too, that last bucket by the Mavs seemed to hang on the rim for ever.
Morey_chosen_rocket_monsters::uhhhh,
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Me too...:(
T.O.G.M.S.17::Spurs are best team in the West. no disrespect meant to Thunder or Clips or Griz but Spurs going all the way this year
Dillon Basi::Hopefully they will, I am pulling for either the spurs or macs to win, even though the macs are unlikely as I love Parker, ginobli and dirk and they are all nearing the end of their careers...I say if Parker, ginobli or dirk want to win another championship it's gotta be either this year or maybe next year
fallsoversteve::Finally, someone who has some brains.   I applaud you T.O.G.M.S.17
Morey_chosen_rocket_monsters::rockets closing in on spurs mgic thunder
Mr. Bradford::Or they'll falter and not.
T.O.G.M.S.17::theres always that scenario. but i prefer the other one
Mr. Bradford::Can we just call this a rebuilding season? It's so weird seeing my Mavs like this with all them 50 win seasons. Not to mention 2 years removed from NBA champs.
Carbon-based::Trade OJ mayo for Luke Walton
dirkaqs41::you must be free-based as well
Carbon-based::Dirk look old
dirkaqs41::he looked like he was coming off knee surgery a week ahead of schedule...
dirkaqs41::Dirk came back tonight out of nowhere! last i heard on friday they were saying next thursday.. i am so glad to see him back and after another game looking to see him in startin lineup GETTIN BUCKETS
Kobelies247::When your leading scorer is Carter lol, you know you got BIG PROBS!
earthtojosh::Mavs going to be fine either way, they are still the most consistent &amp; successful franchise in DFW for past decade+, &amp; most recent to win a 'ship (last one was '99 by Stars). If they have one off year &amp; retool around Dirk (they have one of the best caps in league to do so) I am not going to complain along the way. We're younger, still have Dirk, &amp; best coach in Uncle Ricky - don't break your legs jumping off the bandwagon
fallsoversteve::lol good one. Spurs have more championships than they do like ever and for the past decade.
Complaint Dept.::Amen, not just buy a team &amp; move it to OKC!
SPURZWARZ1.0::True win or lose, I will always be a Spur's fan! Be true to your team!
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Just got the hobbit on bootleg.I dnt think peter jackson is going to miss my 12 $
SPURZWARZ1.0::Lol
rogerzcard::mark cuban is the worst owner in the nba, he broke up a championship contending team.
txbball15::Shawn Marion: "We took a plain old-fashioned butt whooping in every which way you can think about it. And then they broke a record."  basically he said they got double penetrated by the spurs tonight
txbball15::mark cuban= worst owner in the league  congratulations a**hole
earthtojosh::ur cray cray
6070Sports::At least we haven't lost 12 road games  -- Pelicans
Chargers_4_Sale::Spur fans when you watch The Hobbit, you have to admit Pop look like the Pale Orc.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Don't you have a world of Warcraft game to get to?
Complaint Dept.::LMFAO
