mphilip87::Lebron: So..when can i call myself great? Kobe: Just be a 13x NBA All-star, win 5 titles and be the finals MVP 2 times... Jordan: ...Then win 1 more title be an All star 1 more time, a finals MVP 4 more times, become the season MVP 5x and u got it kid!
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I agree though, that was an impressive win on the road for the Hawks against a Bucks team that had gathered a lot of confidence after beating the Knicks and Heat on the road themselves.
milwaukeemonster::man we had them til smith decided to make a fluky 3!!!  that hurt especially coming from him...
milwaukeemonster::reallly?? you're going to sit here an tell me smith is a 3 point shooter?? really?  with a 27% career average??? really???  wow
milwaukeemonster::yeah all net too...
MrRelevant::you're right. but he hit it. oh well. better luck next time.
milwaukeemonster::umm do you know what a fluke is? A rare occurrence...shooting 27%..means there is a 73% chance you miss...  thats not a fluke? really??
MrRelevant::There's a difference between being a three-point shooter and it not being a fluke when you make one.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::It's not like he can't hit em, he just in his past shot far too many. It's not like Zaza hit the 3....C'mon.
Toomersforever::good game hawks - bucks are a tough team to beat at home.
texasrocks123456::What's interesting here is Josh Smith and his maturation this year. I've said it before and I'll say it again, against the bulls last season, Josh Smith Posted a near triple double in game 3 for the Hawks giving them a 2-1 series lead. Ever since that game, I believe Smith has discovered his own way to dominate a game entirely. No, he will never be a good, even decent jump shooter. But that's about the only knock on him. He has become a beast on the glass and makes huge defensive plays all the time whether it's a blocked shot or solid defense Smith is always making plays. He is also a very underrated passer and a team player for the most part. Smith may never average over 20 points a game, but with stuffing every other stat on the sheet, he more than makes up for it. It's just a great thing as a Hawks fan to see him finally come into his own, I honestly wasn't sure if he'd put it all together, but night after night he gives amazing performances. Kudos mr smith, even with the constant attitude problem, you don't let it affect you on the court in any way, and as a Hawks fan, I couldn't be more proud.
linback54::If Smith doesn't make the All-Star game this year then I have no hope for the NBA. He is the most underrated player in the East.
mpd124::don't understand the bucks stick with a rotation, Skiles I mean come on. Jackson stop being a baby and score the ball. earn your damn money, and heres an idea Skiles, put mbah a moute in at the end and defend johnson, just a thought considering jackson was as good as nothing in the fourth. Also, how does Bogut not play in the 4th, i mean did you just forget Skiles or what. I personally think we have enough talent to be in every game, I am just not sure we have the right coach. Sidney Moncrief for coach, get an old skool Bucks player the head job.
rkini1::Josh Smith for three and it goes! You gotta be kidding me. Good game.
Chex Lemeneux 6::Remarkable how much Marvin Williams has improved this season.  But on a serious note, bro needs to get that bad case of lordosis checked out
dalemurphyjr::yeah he got surgery so he stands up straight
EvolutionaryMokeski::Isn't part of being a successful team defining roles for your players? Bucks need to figure out who their eight- or nine-man rotation is and stick the $@%! with it. Leuer scored double figures in five of six games before being given seven minutes, four minutes and a DNP in the last three. Gooden posted 24-12, 18-9 and 18-13 in three starts early in January -- since then he's logged fewer than 20 minutes seven times in 10 games (fewer than five twice). Harris scored 26 points in two games and has logged 11 total minutes in the three games since.  WTF kind of message does that send? No matter how well you play today, tomorrow it won't mean $@%!. The only guy that seems to be immune to the whims of Skiles is Jennings. I just don't get it.
Packers3821::yep, totally agree. Skiles is a great defensive coach, but thats about it. he would be a great assistant, but he's simply not a good head coach. Why not try to get a good college coach? I'm sure there are plenty out their who would love to coach in the NBA and would do a lot better than this guy. John Calipari? I think he'd be a great fit in Milwaukee. Him or Maurice cheeks, OKC's assistant. on a positive note, it looks like this could be the year Jennings transitions from young, immature point guard to the all-star caliber guard we all knew he'd become after that 55 point game in his rookie year. he improves every game.
Pujols sold out.::Fire Skiles!
perrypete::if the bucks wan to make the playoffs skiles has to go!  livingston and bogut sitting the whole 4th?  no wonder they gave up 27 points!
nickblackfur::that was a great game, really thought the bucks were gonna pull away near the end.
APimpnamed.Slickback::Jackson didn't hold the ball for more than two seconds each time he had it in the 4th quarter.
markpringle2003::Wow, the Hawks are ballin' even without Horford.
chris paul should be a laker::bucks game them a real good team  the bucks are healthy and are going to be getting some wins
jbfreeman62::Night all
jbfreeman62::I just know when Al went down the "experts" said we wouldn't even make the playoffs.  That was pretty extreme.
AFWriter::If we can get Al back for the playoffs, and otherwise stay healthy ... two big ifs ... no one will want to play us.
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::he wont miss the playofs
AFWriter::Shhh ... Hollinger still thinks we're the ninth best team in the East.
loubillz718::on the rankings i mean
loubillz718::no he has us 4th
FingerRoleJoeTM::its just his formula that thinks that, but the process should be he thought, it doesn't reflect the real standings
Pete Venkman::Zero free throw attempts by the Bucks starting five? That's almost a stat anomaly...
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::hawks win champion ship and beat thunder in the finals
70atlbraves::Go Hawks!!  Road wins are always clutch no matter the opponent.  Bucks have some good pieces - but Hawks are pretty deep even without Kirk and Al.  Pretty impressive.
FingerRoleJoeTM::and we are actually one of the few NBA teams with a winning record on the road this season
jbfreeman62::ATL is an underdog in the sense that nobody gives them a chance to win or get to the ECF
FingerRoleJoeTM::my point exactly
FingerRoleJoeTM::an underdog once the playoffs start, ppl write this team off but we are pretty deep with Kirk and if Al can come back.  We could beat anyone in the east
joeyt1023::i wouldnt say atlanta is an "underdog"...if you were yapping about the bobcats or some lottery team then yea that could be said
joeyt1023::nothing at all
FingerRoleJoeTM::Whats wrong with cheering for an underdog?  We have to cheer for Miami, or Chicago, because they are supposed to win it all?
jbfreeman62::Haha already finished that course deal
Michael Bibby V::Josh Smith since Al Horford went down  17.1 PPG 11.0 RPG 3.4 APG 1.3 SPG 2.0 BPG
joeyt1023::too much time on your hands?
Michael Bibby V::Beast stat line right there  Better be an all star
captinbeezo::joe johnson the superstar. i guess the bucks thought they were playing the heat.. joe made 9 in a row in the 4th.. thats who i want with the ball in the clutch.. haters hate.. will count up wins. go hawks
Erasisn::that's what  is disappointing about that first Chicago game. If Johnson gets that ball at the end instead of Teague, he knocks down his free throws and Hawks are 2-0 against the Bulls. Should be 2-0 vs the Heat too imo.
joeyt1023::jb--yea ill do that you do my business law hw
joeyt1023::talking like they are championship contenders
joeyt1023::not hating, just open your eyes
jbfreeman62::anyone want to do my accounting hw
FingerRoleJoeTM::hahaha I'm working on mine now
falconsfan0125::College Accounting?
FingerRoleJoeTM::What you hating on my Hawks for so much Joey??
gregorio363::WOW  I JUST NOTICED THE 56 ORLANDO PUT UP  I GOTTA GO THERE AND HERE THIS SMACK
jbfreeman62::O yeah have only played Mia and Chi 2x and had 9 games in 12 nights this season
joeyt1023::hawks havent played a tough schedule
falconsfan0125::They have played a lot of games.
Michael Bibby V::We faced the Heat and Bull twice in the same week
joeyt1023::i honestly would take kevin martin over joe johnson and not think twice about it
70atlbraves::Hey Joey the Plebe, stats aren't everything.  K-Mart is a joke you 12 year old troll.
70atlbraves::Joey, you plebe, there are more things to life that stats.  You 12 year old troll.
joeyt1023::look at the stats before you type peasant
joeyt1023::why is that? k-mart definitely a better pure 2 guard than JJ...look at the stats before you comment peasant
Mudvaynian573::any reasons why?
Michael Bibby V::Good thing you aren't a GM
atlantahawks18::stop with the trolling the bucks are a good team only 3 teams have took us to the wire this season so far
WiscKYSportsFan3::I'll correct you. Good team with a bad coach.
FingerRoleJoeTM::No, they played shadow on him after game 1, with Noah or Boozer closing every time he touched the ball, same thing the Magic run against him with Dwight
joeyt1023::he doesnt get doubled nightly, its not like he is kobe, or lebron..keep it real
captinbeezo::watch the games before you make your comments
jbfreeman62::We go 4-1 on the road trip will be huge
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::who do we lose to
Mudvaynian573::atlanta always loses to the spurs on the road
gregorio363::DOES THE ATLANTA COACH HAVE EXPERIENCE AND KNOWLEDGE 2 TAKE THIS TEAM 2 THE NEXT LEVEL?  TALENT SEEMS THERE
joeyt1023::try again bruh
joeyt1023::anybody in the nba will get doubled if they are on fire
joeyt1023::or just one game when he was hot
WiscKYSportsFan3::Fire Scott Skiles.
joeyt1023::finger...did the bulls double team him every game?
joeyt1023::the bucks are garbage, i cant believe you guys are sitting here with hard ons over this win
Mudvaynian573::They actually have a decent home record, and quite honestly the hawks need to start winning on the road to prove they belong in the top 3 in the eastern conference... today is a good start towards that.
WiscKYSportsFan3::If the Bucks are garbage, than what does that make the Heat?
Michael Bibby V::Road wins are road wins and when you are without your best player, they mean even more
chipper atl matt ryan rise up falcons::bucks suck
joeyt1023::was "JJ" on the 20 man roster for team USA?
