nba is the worst::A win streak?  Amazing!
Youngstud25::I can't believe they didn't show the Ross dunk in the 4th quarter in the highlights on here.  That was sick and nasty!!
19brom::ya how retarted was that??? such idiots
patrickallen92::watched it on league pass, the magic announcers are brutal
19brom::just got back from the game, wow unreal dunk by ross, gotta get him in the dunk comp, great game
jw95275::Calderon &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lowry  Keep Brickgnani, Lowry and Fields on the bench please!
cdnpaul33::I'd love to see us trade both Bargyawni and Lowry.
Lilrob10201713::5 game winning streak without Barnagi.
cdnpaul33::And Lowry. No coincidence.
pinhi3::omg the raptors are only 5 games back of a playoff spot wtf lol
sportsfan1014::Raptors won again? must be magic
Asif11111::Hey Magic have the same record as the Lakers. (Lol @ Dwight)
gri400::Alright i'm out, get a couple Twolves games up here, might drop in on the board their every now and then :)
eototalt::cool, later! I am out too.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::C'mon Toronto win the next 10 and get back to .500
wnsj89::our next 5 games don't look too bad - SA, NO, ORL, POR, SAC.  we're probably going to lose to SA but the other 4 are winnable, just got to keep chipping away
gri400::my 39 game winning streak predication looks better and better every day
eototalt::@gri400, on the point of people from Minnesota being similar to Canadians when my family was down to Texas a few months ago. I was walking around a Costco talking on the phone with a friend of mine. Some Redneck heard my accent and told me to go back to Canada. lol  I laughed so damn hard. xD
eototalt::Another thing too... When my Sister and her Husband were out in California they were talking to some guy and he asked where they were from. They said "We are from Minnesota." The guy then responded by saying "Oh, you're Canadian?"   Our state could probably leave the US and join Canada and nobody would notice. lol
Elton7323::sometimes rednecks actually benefit the world with their comic.
gri400::lol, thats pretty good. Tad awkward but pretty funny
gri400::so... the raps have a 5 game winning streak, I'm shocked the world didn't end today in this case
Elton7323::no when the wizards go on a 53 game win streak the worlds deffinitely over.
gri400::well... we're good for a while then :)
meekhao::u were up by 11 in 4mins n cant cover d f u c king 3.5 point.. god d a m n..
rickyoil::nba scripted !
meekhao::FU C K.. wtf.. only score 2 points in d last 4mins...
Elton7323::wow chicago is smashing the knicks lol
eototalt::I told them to leave some a$$ for my Wolves lol
eototalt::yup, Wolves are one of the better defensive teams so it should be a fun game to watch. That last game vs OKC was epic.
Elton7323::better hope thier 3 point game doesnt show up :)
gri400::this makes me happy
gri400::raps have the 2nd longest winning steak in the league, thats something new :)
tbcsundin::have a good night gri400 things are looking up in the Toronto sports world!
gri400::later man. enjoy the end of the world... or not haha
eototalt::Yeah it would be nice if you guys could keep turning it around and make the playoffs. I don't know why, but outside of Minnesota I usually root for the Toronto teams.
gri400::of course, once you guys hand out the big bucks they shut down, too good to be true i guess haha
gri400::find myself rooting for the twins and wild though, and keep a close eye on the Twolves.
eototalt::Yeah, seriously though the NHL needs to get its $@%! together. I find it funny that my Wild land Parise and Suter then the NHL goes on lockout. lol
gri400::like you said, you guys are basically Canadians :)
tbcsundin::Have a good night all and enjoy your weekends Go Raptors!
gri400::someone should ask bargs if the raps are the worst team in the league now... then deport him
inter2010clchamps::Trade for Danilo Gallinari?
Elton7323::well its a win win for both teams denver can clear some cap and toronto get quality players back.
gri400::a backup C likely, gotta give jonas minutes. He looks pretty good, just gotta give him experience
eototalt::I'd be surprised if Denver traded him.
Elton7323::do the raps need a center if so mcgee packaged with danilo for barg would be good.
gri400::i could get on voard with that. We've talked about it before i think, he'd fill a need. Only problem is it might cut into Tross's minutes but it would be worth considering if offered
eototalt::I just hope Kahn doesn't trade for him. lol  I don't know of a single Wolves fan that wants him.
gri400::you guys have good taste :)  besides you guys have love and Pek, no need for bargs at all.
Elton7323::why get him if u got love lol
inter2010clchamps::oh man. u like it or not he is the best offensive player in the roster. Casey could cut his minutes and take him out in close games. That will make him work harder. If he goes somewhere else he will an all star
gri400::He's not the best offensive player on the roster. Maybe 3rd.  He wouldn't be an allstar somewhere else because he's be the 4th option on a contending team. he'd be lucky to get 12 points on the lakers
wnsj89::hopefully LA believes this as well
Elton7323::i believe if the lakers get him they will be a lottery team lmao.
gri400::i'll laugh if the lakers trade for him, getting anything of value is a bonus
tbcsundin::Raps have a decent home record now time to improve on that embarrassing road record another 10 wins in a row puts the Raps at .500 stranger things have happened right???  Alright I will stop dreaming but regardless it is nice to see the Raps finally on a mini run!
wnsj89::still 2/3rds of the season to go, at this point I would be happy with a .450 season
Elton7323::man big baby was missed big time for orlando
gri400::he would have owned the paint against the raps, might have been a very different game if he was playing
Elton7323::well the stupid turnovers killed us and our D
iPoopOnUrShoes::Maybe, but as many stupid decisions as we made it might not have mattered much
Elton7323::yup but no excuses u guys had a better night.
iPoopOnUrShoes::Definitely missed the aggressiveness he brought
iPoopOnUrShoes::Indeed - for once I thought we might've finally had a consistent #1 scorer.
Elton7323::yup and the consistant scoring and D
iPoopOnUrShoes::Good fans up there in Toronto - would love to attend a Magic-Raptors game up there sometime.
gri400::honestly the first half was awful, but the 2nd half (Tross, the magic coming back) made this a pretty good game to watch. Really impressed with the magic coaching. Early COY candidate IMO
wnsj89::we really need rebounding help bad, Monroe/Detroit destroyed us and we were out-rebounded by 10 again tonight
gri400::and they didn't even have davis
iPoopOnUrShoes::Much appreciated, and gratz on the W
TheCronoMasterMind::Guess it is only fitting that the game ends in another Nelson turnover... lol. Still makes me go back to the shot Ayon made and was fouled on that they decided not to count. A call that small was the biggest in the game. Oh well, the offensive foul that helped the Magic was kind of BS, as well. Either way, it was a fun game to watch. Good game Raptor fans, we'll see you in a week. :)
inter2010clchamps::Bargnani is part of the reason but its not just him. Lowry shooting bricks in clutch time is also part of the reason we started horrible.
KnucknBUC::yea except for the fact bargs sucks all game except for the first qt but all he does is score at the most ineffecient rate a 7 ftr can score at.
gri400::with no defense or rebounding
taco bell surprise::i wonder if stern will fine  johnson  for the hair cut
Elton7323::nah he did nothing to rodman so he wont do it to johnson.
gri400::i hope he keeps it forever, that is a piece of art right there
wnsj89::no, but he will for them not playing Fields
eototalt::GG Toronto!
eototalt::We do the cat avatar thing as a running joke. It dates back to last season.
gri400::love it. Most of the pics rock as well. Jays/twins games were fun on these boards, and that was part of the reason
wnsj89::thanks random MIN fan
eototalt::gri400 - always seem to be a few minny fans dropping in on the raps game. present people at leas t:)  Well Minnesotans are basically Canadians. lol
wnsj89::I can always tell because they all have cat avatars :)
eototalt::I saw the game was close so I watched it on firstrowsports.eu
gri400::always seem to be a few minny fans dropping in on the raps game. present people at leas t:)
12colink::horrible team with shittier fans good luck making the playoffs. go steve nash
12colink::indeed i am. we both no these are must win games
gri400::someones mad :)
Aflyne::5 in a row.
iPoopOnUrShoes::GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH I hate watching my team lose like this...
TheRealB.Young::RAPTORS RULE...GG ORLANDO YOU GUYS ARE A WELL COACHED TEAM
KnucknBUC::I really hope king bargs never comes back at this rate. 5 in a row without that lazy bum
KnucknBUC::king bargs is an inefficient offensive 7 ft sg. he sucks and we dont need him
gri400::agreed, raps don't need him at all
inter2010clchamps::bargnani is a great offensive weapon. but he is having a horrible season.
Ahmed B.::did valunciunas get hurt?
gri400::broken finger on his right hand
Ahmed B.::thanks
Ahmed B.::what was the injury?
arvinramroop::yup fractured finger
wnsj89::yeah in the first half, didn't return
dafan590::AND U CAN GET OUT THE SALAMI AND CHEESE MAMA THIS BALL GAME IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
toronto-vigilante3::Enjoy this game Raps.....we're going to judge you by how well you play in San Antonio....
tbcsundin::5 wins in row nice run Let's see if the Raps can go on a win streak like the clippers and thunder!
I am da Manning::5 in a row?  The mayans were right.
taco bell surprise::can the raps beat  the spurs ?... i say notta chance
gri400::sure they can, took them to the wire last time
wnsj89::lol, believe!
IrishRedSoxColts Pens::checkout Indy Ping Pong Swag 2 on youtube.com, won't be disappointed !!!!
2.3.1 Douple Play::Raps win even with all the help Orlando got from the refs. Good game
gri400::refs were even for the game, if anything the raps got a few odd calls for them... this coming from a raps fan
TheCronoMasterMind::You didn't watch the game until the last 3 minutes. Refs were equal on either side. Raptors won, don't be an ungracious winner.
TheCronoMasterMind::2.3.1 Douple Play - Dude Im at the game. Just leaving now, you don't know anything  Then you aren't the most intelligent fan in the world. Pretty much everyone, including Raptor fans, are agreeing on equal calls, and even admitting to the Raptors getting homer calls. Get over yourself.
2.3.1 Douple Play::Dude Im at the game. Just leaving now, you don't know anything
gri400::amnesty and deport bargs ASAP, nobody wants him back on this team
TheRealB.Young::lol @ every1 getting mad when the raps win
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Toronto, has a looooong way to go, but I'll take it.
iPoopOnUrShoes::No excuses - when you turn the ball over like we did you're going to lose close games.  GG Raptors fans.  For whatever reason your team seems to have our number.
wso87::Whoooo raptors!
arvinramroop::YEA!
88stang4life::10 secs left and JJ you throw it up at 9.5 really you had 10 fing seconds omg
gri400::awesome game at the end, though the 1st half was one to forget.  GG magic fans, really like the coaching you guys have, really impressive.  Put Tross in the dunk contest, he's earned it
RetroSneeks::f uck raptors stink
arvinramroop::5 GAME STREAK!
KnucknBUC::5 games in a row
