luvnbayes::Eric Gordon makes a shot in the 4th quarter so Pop puts Danny Green on him?  I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
texican_10::Im ready to trade Jax, hes garbage now.
YearOfTheSpur::Stop it, he's playing with a broken finger, and a 5% ankle
MijoMartinez::Good game pelicans, you clearly wanted it more than the spurs as a whole... Except for Ginobili, good to see him going beast mode again.
pnete::Austin Rivers should have stayed in college longer, but once Doc saw Coach K teaching his son how to stand in front of the basket and get run over rather than play defense, he told his kid to turn pro before he became the next Duhan.
wilhenderso 6::Wizards beat the Thunder Hornets beat the Spurs  There's some scary stuff brewing in the NBA
mksatx::I've been following a betting system called. You've gotta be kidding me.nba.  the okc loses to bullets and spurs lay down for pelicans.  What the hey. Its only millionare players and billare owners playing games shown on networks that  pay 100 of billions to televise it.  Sweet
Beanslams46::"Slow it down, son, we're tired."  --timmy's feet
mksatx::Congrats hornets.  Spurs should have found a way to win this game no matter what.  Let's hope they regroup and win the next one
thejunkinmytrunk::New Orleans could be dangerous next year if this team can stay healthy. They will get a high draft pick next year and hopefully they will use it to upgrade at small forward or center. This team has a good chance to gel together. Gordon and Davis is a promising duo and Vasquez/Lopez have improved immensely this season. Al Farouq Aminu isn't really a starting quality small forward right now but his rebounding rate is ridiculous for his position. If he could improve his shooting he could be an extremely valuable player.
AustinBeal::Damn the Eric Gordon Hornets look pretty solid, I'm glad the only game left against them this year is in San Antonio. Good Game NOLA, thoroughly beat us. At least the Spurs have the hapless Lakers coming to town on Wednesday, should be a rebound game for us.
SdotPaul504::Honorable ppl
mpdalry1::I really think this team would be about 500 if Gordon hadn't had to do his rehab thing.  He is the player that opens the court, and his presence makes lanes and opportunities as he draws players to him that allows Anderson, Daivs, etc to play their roles.  Without him the Hornets a team with role players.  He is the glue that makes it all stick.  For lack of better terminology.
alexander91579::They would be higher than .500.  I am hoping as a hornets fan that he can get us to 35 wins by the end of the year.  Its a lot to ask of the guy, but this is why they matched his offer.  Hes a game changer, hes one of the best one on one players in the league.
Drunkard..::NOLA is gonna be a dangerous spoiler team the rest of this season.
showstopperinthebronx::I started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
BRAY5150::The clippers would like to thank the wizards for beating okc
BRAY5150::As a clipper fan I'd like to thank the Pelicans for beating the spurs
Vaquero In The House::And in the end the Spurs beats the Clippers, same as last season.
BexyIndy55::Spurs go down to the Hornets and OKC lose to the Wiz...?  Full moon out tonight or something?
JrueRandallHoliday::Damn! There goes my free VC!
NolaJag::The hornets were 6-3 last year with Gordon, and are 3-1 this year with him. You just have to wonder how good this team would be if Gordon could've been healthy the entire season.  This is a young team, and some nights they go through simple mistakes, but other nights like tonight they can play to their potential. The hornets, err pelicans, will be a very good team in 1-2 years. They simply need more experience.
Hank10593::With Gordan taking over the starting spot, it tells you really how bad Austin Rivers really is. A shooting guard that can't shoot, you can't get worse than that. Hope Doc got a spot for his son on the Celtics because Austin Rivers is going to be out of job once his rookie contract ends.
alexander91579::Wait, so, eric gordon, the guy they just matched a max franchise offer for, is supposed to be an insult to AUSTIN RIVERS because he isnt the starter anymore?  he was NEVER meant to start this year.  he is 20 years old.  His future is at the point guard spot.  Thats where austin rivers is ultimately going to be.  No need to have him there this year because you have Grevis Vazquez.  WOW.  the kid is 20 years old. lol.
Carmelo takes it in the butt::and so does Duncan
Vaquero In The House::If must have experience otherwise you wouldn't know this stuff, would you?
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::pelican ambush!!!
sportsfan1014::clippers fans must be very happey tonight I guess..
GermanKlippa::Bingo.......yup, indeed...... Anyways, it still is:  Go CLIPS.....!!
Vaquero In The House::And in the end they get taken out.......
LakeviewPelican::finally a full roster for the hornets! things are looking good. the hornets will dominate all these old teams in our division for years to come. #ThisIsOurGAME
Baby Kobe 8-24::wow spurs are still a huge joke
Vaquero In The House::Kobe - Shut up &amp; sitdown, if anybody's a joke just take a look at that Stymie looking picture you posted.  slam_dunk - Same with you dumbo ears, you're just as stupid as Kobe, typical Licker fans that talk a lot of $4it but can't cover.
BexyIndy55::Stay in your cocoon little buddy and I'll let you know in what decade the Lakers become relevant in the NBA again.
Scott82342::and yet they are still better then the Lakers.
slam_dunk_on_u::Yes they are pathetic. Feel sorry for shamz fans
hoopsfreak91::Spurs lose to the Hornets? YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
Ireland297::Hornets are now 3-1 in games Eric Gordon has played this season.
dwighthowardsamazing::9-4 counting last season
Ireland297::The Pelicans are not bad with Gordan playing
etony3314::Why did Lopez only play 20 minutes? No foul trouble and it looked like based on his stats that he played well.
texican_10::Jax sucks now.......
dwighthowardsamazing::Dear coach monty:  You finally honored my request and played aminu big minutes and he has produced and so has the team he led the team in minutes 2 games in a row and call it coincidence if you want but we won both of those games thank you very much for listening to a big fan now we need to get you to play Roberts at the 2 more than rivers..  Sincerely, Dwighthowardsamazing
etony3314::Roberts is a 27 year old rookie journeyman and Rivers is a very young rookie lottery pick. Give him time. Remember how bad Kemba Walker sucked last year?
dwighthowardsamazing::I am all for giving rivers time and not labeling him bust but Roberts has just been better really efficient
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Austin Rivers the worst rookie since Adam Morrison?
JorgeJorge24::rookies are rookies
botownCs::Ive been following this system for sports bets called sportsbettingstar the past couple months Ive made around 2-3K a month average just following it's picks. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
texican_10::I think the spurs can make a prety decent trade offer to aquire a big. Bonner blair mills and jax for _________???
Carlos8946::Deandre Jordan, Brooke Lopez, ????
iammyfatherson::are u out of your mind
kirk0822::hornets are so much better then the spurs that are depending on one of the oldest player  in basket ball
Brody-::This is an ignorant statement.  The Spurs are obviously the better team and I am a Hornets fan.
TDRwolff::someone passed out the hooch from the hotel to the stadium and everyone but ginobilli passed the bowl
soulfirecracker::All I can say it ouch! The Spurs looked so flat. Congrats Hornets
be_kool16::trap game maybe?
bighube702::dammit i fell for the trap!!!!!!!!!!!
JoJo_Vinson391546::Draft nba now:  http://tinyurl.com/fantasy-nba-free-entry
texican_10::Everybody calm down yes we lost but i believe this is our first loss to a team thats below .500
TDRwolff::its not the loss....its HOW they lost that bothers me.   New york...ok  we're tired.  Tonight.....was really weak.  Other then Ginobilli trying to win this I didnt get the feel that anyone else cared more then showing up.   there was no chippiness.  No diving hustle.  No WILL to win.   OK  so we're 27-10  no biggie if we lose....and that was the feel.
mojart::well...with EG were playing .500
TDRwolff::The team that showed up tonight was not a champion and it makes me fear the worst for whenever the three ball doesnt go down.   duncans was the 36 yr old duncan for most of the game outside of the end to end point gaurd slam and its nice to see ginobilli slam in back to back games.  Tony Parker had a very bad Point gaurd game and they couldnt shoot from outside period
kirk0822::exept thet you lost to the hornets
kirk0822::look cowboysfan3366 redskins beat dallas and exept that you lost.  and my 7-9 saints beat you so
cowboysfan3366::Freaking hornets suck. . no way the spurs should have lost to them. Hornets suck freaking a s s
mojart::respect the hornets...this team ball....
TDRwolff::Kawhi is shooting very bad from three since coming back and Danny green is on drugs since his ridiculous 7-9 game
tech 99::spurs got caught looking ahead to wednesday's game
cowboysfan3366::pathetic loss by the spurs. Very embarrasing to be a spurs fan right now. damn it
slam_dunk_on_u::So the third "best" offense in the NBA ma.aged to score only 88 points? LOL the shamz are overrated
bkendall4::It's been so long, I've forgotten what it's like to be lottery bound. Must sting like hell though.
saintswhoaday::Shout-out to Aminu. Dude was on the boards
