aven66::"We're not making no shots right now. It seems like we can't shoot the ball in the ocean right now. Everybody. We get stops and then at the other end we can't score the basketball. I don't know what is it,"  Is this guy serious?  Needs to go back to flippin' school!
JohnnyBlazers::The Bricks always get it wrong.  The blew up a young team last year to go get Carmelo-that was a bad move.  He gets his 25-30 points a game, but that all he is - a scorer - he does nothing else to elevate his teamates and he is a serious ball hog.  He also plays the same type of game as Amare - Amare has a small forwards game (playing at PF) same as Melo.  They have no consistent shooters from the outside to open up the lane.  The team is structurally flawed.  If the Knicks were smart, they would have passed on Melo, and continue to build, and then add the player (Howard, Paul) that would have been a real difference maker.  Melo had a stronger supporting cast in Denver with Billups, Nene, JR Smith and still could not get over 1-2 rd of playoffs.  As a matter of fact, when he left, Denver played much better.  He's a scorer, but thats it.  Knicks were better off with Felton, Gallinari, Chandler, Stat....be patient and build - there are no shortcuts.  That is why the Bricks never win championships.  They potentially could have added Howard, Chris Paul (instead of Melo and Chandler).  It's water under the bridge know but the Knicks should have cashed in their chips for better players.  The coach is not to fault, players win championships
jroc21::Dang the Knicks are Garbage! Can't say much more or any less than that! Atleast it's still early. &lt;-----Wishful Thinking!
mbatkiew::Knick fans, no matter how bad it gets, always remember: You also have no draft picks.
Tampabayallday37::You can double up Howard all you want. Contrary to popular belief Orlando has other weapons that can beat you.
Amares Goofy Goggles::SIGN ARENAS!!  if it doesnt work out, cut him. cant be no worse than what it is now.
thebattousai99::Allen Iverson would probably be interesting..ROFL
thebattousai99::almost as clever as you.. wanting agent zero.
Amares Goofy Goggles::im willing to try anything. watching them with what they have now is impossible.
thebattousai99::is that what knick nation has fallen to? Sign Arenas.. dont think arenas will want to play in NY, their gun laws are too strict for arenas.
Amares Goofy Goggles::arent you clever.
nba is the worst::Another effortless performance from Dwight - what a clown
jzole::if hedo is not was waik up is last quarter,orlanda not win.thanks to turk...
nba is the worst::Funniest part about this game was the Knicks fans defending the ref job - nice 5 on 8 win for the Magic!
thebattousai99::yes.. if you keep reading, it states that... "in other words, the are all ref'ed poorly across the board"
thebattousai99::blame it on the refs.. its always the refs.. if one team beats another.. its a 5 on 8. WOW.. dude.. for real. Get a life with your garbage conspiracy theories.  All NBA games are ref'ed evenly.. in other words, they are all ref'ed poorly across the board.. in each and every NBA game you can point out multiple blown calls by the refs on both sides of the ball.. Usually though, the more aggressive team gets more foul calls.. thats how it works.. not on a conspiracy contingent as you assume.  Get a life for real sister.. you stupid theories are just that.. stupid.
Tampabayallday37::By ref'd evenly do you mean ref'd poorly?
nawty nick::i have a question for my fellow knick fans. is there a fatter more lazy-worthless want to be superstar than carmelo anthony is it just me or is he looking more and more like rex ryan..... god is carmelo worthless!
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::what this guy said ^  if you think melo is garbage you just dont understand the game
thebattousai99::I dont think carmelo is the problem.. (maybe on the defensive end yes.)  I think the Knicks have a Amare size problem, he is not performing at all.. a coaching problem, D'antoni is just plain bad, and a missing point guard problem.. A solid PG is needed to properly run the offense.. why do you think D'antoni had so much success with the suns.. they had steve nash.. nuff said.
rockndoc3::Dear David Stern,    THIS IS TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE! My Cavs need another Lottery pick. The Celtics and the Knicks are messing this up for me. You must arrange immediately for them to get some more wins. I dont want Coach Scott to be forced to send Kyrie to the D-League.    Sincerely,    Dan Gilbert
CandySparker::
gerald_5::average players love playing the knicks, they look like allstars
jasiekforever::your going to have problems when your top scorer is ryan andrson
DTangMF::Why is that a problem? The big guy can shoot the long ball with high percentage.
acidflow03::And why is that nobody has been able to stop him all season yet
Amares Goofy Goggles::trade Amare to CHA for DJ Augustine and Gerald Henderson?
Papi81509::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1008859-new-york-knicks-wont-contend-unless-they-make-a-change-with-mike-dantoni
MagicBoltzRays::Magic 102 - Knicks+Refs 93
NastyVille_McNasties::spbynum1 They only good teams they have played so far is Chicago and OKC and they lost. They haven't beaten any good teams as of yet. ==== So beating the Blazers in Portland doesn't mean anything? I'm pretty sure the Lakers got beat in Portland... Who the hell have the Lakers beaten?
jasiekforever::blazers are overrated
nba is the worst::Going into last night's game they had the league's toughest schedule - NOT overrated
WatkinsUSMC::spbynum is an idiot... he isnt making since at all... WE havent really played anybody good .... we play spurs and lakers at home... once we beat there $@%... he will still come onto our board talking sh..it about how it doenst matter cuz bulls are better....
WatkinsUSMC::lol wow,,, you mean,..... since... not sense... That would be the correct way actually.... how about u read a book...
spbynum1::sense?
WatkinsUSMC::even though we just came off a 4-0 road trip... btw......
rwilliams75::Poll:  how many Knick's fans saying "Melo should have stayed in Denver" said " we're gonna win the title in '11 we got Melo" ?
BooWhoToAllOthers::As a Knicks fan I know we won't win anything till D'Antoni is gone. I am glad we had a season this year so I wouldn't have to wait another season to see him get fired.He is gone after this season, if he can last the season that is.
formaggio jones::If I hear the MSG announcers say that Douglas is a defensive presences I am going to upchuck...he stinks
columbia314::chandler shut down dwight howard there is something wrong with that guy if he spent half as much time working on post moves as he does working out he would be one of the best ever.
Vanilla_Ice_1::Carmelo should've stayed in Denver.   The Knicks suck.
formaggio jones::Has Melo stopped chucking yet?
formaggio jones::knicks said wait until 2011-2012 season....OK...now what...same team as years ago...everyone stands around while the guy with the ball plays one on one....disgusting
LaTony Pepperoni::The Knicks should just tank the season and get a PG in the draft.
AuthenticProphetic::Melo doesn't allow passing on a team. A PG won't make a difference
k_nak::What's happened to Jameer Nelson?  Was it three years ago that he was playing at an All-Star level?  I can't remember if he made the team that year but seem to remember a breakout season.  I think it was the same year that he went down with a big injury and came back for the playoffs and kind of wrecked team chemistry.  Wasn't it Alston that was playing well in his place?  Anyway, doesn't seem like Jameer's doing much over the past couple years.
BigTBfan1990::I keep seeing wins for the Magic, yet DH still wants to leave.  I just can't understand the selfishness of one who wants to leave a top 3 team in the East.
WatkinsUSMC::we have blown out two teams already.... and had very good wins... what are you talking about.... Howard has been playing like crap most the beinging of this season.... but when we were down like in portland and in todays game.... we fought and came out with a W... so how is that not impressive again?
mccoywajmu::richardson has never shut down anyone...dwight isnt going to guard rose....earl clark? word
WatkinsUSMC::D12 can.... Richardson can.... Clark can....
mccoywajmu::knicks are not a good team...and you keep referring to IF you could shut down rose..YOU CANT SHUT DOWN ROSE...JAMEER NELSON? CHRIS DUHON? GTFOH
spbynum1::Who said awful?
BigTBfan1990::its professional basketball, there aren't awful teams.  It's not like college
spbynum1::They only good teams they have played so far is Chicago and OKC and they lost. They haven't beaten any good teams as of yet.
spbynum1::Who did they beat that you are referring to?
spbynum1::Their wins haven't really been all that impressive. They haven't really beat any difficult teams yet. If you were Orlando, would you chance losing Howard for nothing and face Chicago AND Miami in a seven-game series?
spbynum1::Right now, the odds of the Magic even getting out of the second round of the playoffs is about 10-15%. If you're Otis, do you gamble losing Howard for nothing? If it were me, I would get the best assets I could rather than gamble against the house.
WatkinsUSMC::san antonio and Lakers are coming to town... we beat them... what are u gonna say? huh? what are u gonna say when magic stomp lakers and spurs..... still gonna run your mouth that we haven't beaten anyone good? Prolly....
WatkinsUSMC::either way, hes gonna sign a contract before the deadline... either with orlando (more than likely) or be traded...
WatkinsUSMC::That I know and realize.... however.... the decision will be made from that point..... Dwight, signs with orlando again before the deadline... or he tells otis he wants to go... He won't hold it from them and just leave.... trust me, NO ONE WOULD DO THAT.... He will give OTIS an answer and its either yes or no.... simple as that..
spbynum1::Orlando has til the trade deadline to decide whether to keep him. THAT is the important part because if they fail to get a title this year, he walks and the Magic get nothing. Absolutely NOTHING would keep him in Orlando at that point.
spbynum1::so your NOT going to answer my question, is that correct?
WatkinsUSMC::per the contract.... no team can hold any player if they request a trade... it has to be done within a certain time line... not only that, he can OPT out of his contract now .... hes a free agent next year.... nothing is holding him back.... nothing at all.. so why are u saying stupid shhit like you know the guy...
spbynum1::He's not staying man. Either he get's traded by the deadline or the Magic keep him and make a run at a chip. When they likely fail, he will walk as a FA. Dallas can sign him outright and wouldn't need a S&amp;T, leaving Orlando with nothing. Tell me WHERE in this equation would Howard stay if they don't win a title?
WatkinsUSMC::haha thats what that was?? a bad game... well the losses u have had... were blow outs..... so what does that mean?? It means its whats to come... bulls had there little run... now, there gonna slow down :) come back to reality bitc  h
WatkinsUSMC::HE AGREED TO NOT BE TRADED YET!@#$!@#$!%#%#$%@#$%@#$%@#$%@#$%@#$
WatkinsUSMC::NOR CAN MAGIC KEEP HIM FROM STAYING EITHER U $@%!$@% $@%!$@
WatkinsUSMC::whats stopping him? Why doesnt he just do it???? u know it all right spbynum? so whats up? tell me mr espn analsyt
mccoywajmu::he cant trade himself IDIOT
WatkinsUSMC::know how many times people said "The deal is going down in two days" and it never happen.... its MEDIA, its HYPE and its great status for him... If he really wanted out as bad as you say there mccoy... reality is... HE"D BE GONE U IDIOT!!!
spbynum1::dude. you're not gonna will him to stay. he's leaving and we all know it except you.
WatkinsUSMC::oooh because you and dwight are tight right? you too go way back right? Stop reading the paper and believing everything you hear... its called MEDIA... you think they tell the truth? if you do, you need some help then... Cuz trust me, I know for a fact and from experience... MEDIA .... never tells the truth nor are they honest....
WatkinsUSMC::so if they are that tight mccoy... why the big $@% whopping tonight then???
mccoywajmu::you think dwight is staying? who needs to open up their brain?...and the fact that you try to say the knicks are a good team is laughable
WatkinsUSMC::lol funny thing is, Bulls had a good stretch going... but it won't last... reality check u dumb $@%!... chicago isn't tight.. Boozer is garbage and korver is garbage also... Brewer isn't anyone at all and Rose, he will be on his own like last year.... al you will know is that you will win a good amount of games but thats it.... nothing else, take a good look at those banners boys.... you wont see any new ones anytime soon
WatkinsUSMC::MCcoy your stupid and you have no since at all... God, all you bulls fan's.... are you guys REALLY this stupid... PORTLAND IS A GOOD TEAM... KINGS ARE A GOOD TEAM, YES they are,... ESPN has def said they are a team not to sleep on... Knicks are a good team, are you kidding me... god, your $@%!$@%!... and the NOTION of you referring to the fact that we haven't beaten good teams.... ITS BECAUSE WE HAVENT PLAYED THEM YET U FUC@$# IDIOT... GOD OPEN UP UR BRAIN U JACKASSs
spbynum1::Bottom line. Orlando has nothing to trade and Howard isn't staying.
mccoywajmu::and once again..you are trying to boast your team and your best player wants out..obviously he doesnt believe what you are selling...are you otis smith?
mccoywajmu::Atlanta has beaten quality teams...orlando has not..thanks though...and you think chicago is scared of orlando? already beat you on your home floor...
WatkinsUSMC::you played ATL twice.... your 1-1.... We play you soon.... and we will win and LA does suck.... you should just stop and realize that because if it makes you feel better that you can tally them as a "Good" team.... then thats a joke!
WatkinsUSMC::because we havent PLAYED them yet... only team we lost too that was good was bulls... OKC is great but it was the first game of the season.,.. rusty as hell... other than that....... ur gonna bring up a topic that is making no sense whatsoever about magic not winning against good teams because we HAVENT played them yet?.... wow, I think I'm getting stupid just talking to u...
mccoywajmu::LA doesnt suck....we beat them...the clippers...YOUR TEAM...ALL ON THE ROAD...Atlanta quality team....WE HAVE PLAYED MOST OF OUR GAMES ON THE ROAD
WatkinsUSMC::whooo spby???? who have the bulls played that are good?? NO ONE!!!LAKERS suck this year... so don't even bring that sorry team up.. u beat and lost to ATL.. so????????
spbynum1::Both have beaten Atlanta and Boston. Chicago has beaten the Lakers and Clippers and Miami has also beaten Dallas.
WatkinsUSMC::who??? who have they beat??????
spbynum1::even with Ryan and JJ you have no trade assets the Nets want.
WatkinsUSMC::no trade for Dwill... I'd give em anyone except ryan and JJ
spbynum1::Chicago and Miami have actually beaten good teams so far. Orlando has not.
WatkinsUSMC::absolutely.... Chicago hasnt impressed me nor has Miami... they lost three in a row to sorry teams... Bulls cant make it without rose... if we shut rose down and dont have a repeat of the bulls/magic game where we had wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too many turnovers... we would be them
spbynum1::You really think that Orlando and New Jersey will let D-Will and Howard just frolic away for nothing? I don't think so lol.
WatkinsUSMC::D Will... Hes a free agent like howard next year... we can get him...
spbynum1::So if you had a dime to drop in a 7 game series, you would take the MAGIC over the Heat/Bulls? Cmon.
WatkinsUSMC::Miami has nooooo one!!!! seriously, Juwan Howard...... Mike Miller? lol come on... seriously... they have no bench or supporting cast... we have a bench full of shooters.... Duhon comes off the bench and scores every game so far... JJ score 21 tonight.... Davis is getting better and shooting over 10ppg now... thats all SVG plays.... Nelso is killing us, he needs to go... As far as Chicago... Boozer and Noah got lucky and seriously... WE KILLED ourselves... we put ourselves in foul trouble and made way too many bad passes and turnovers... Chicago is beatable by the Magic and so is the Heat....
spbynum1::But who? they don't have any money to play with and not any very interesting pieces to trade.
BigTBfan1990::once again, i agree, this team probably cant hang with a healthy Chicago or Miami.  I think the team is one big move away from being able to hang though.  The owners need to find one very good player to bring in and convince him to stay.
spbynum1::Because it's an entirely different beast when playing Chicago and Miami. The question Orlando MUST ask itself is this: Is our current roster good enough to beat Chicago AND Miami in a seven-game series? And the answer is no, not very likely.
BigTBfan1990::I get your point about losing him for nothing.  I just can't understand why he doesn't want to stay.  He barely did anything tonight and this team beat Melo and Amare.  Doesn't he see potential here?
Bro-kowski::Knicks are awful.
k_nak::I liked the knicks better before the Melo trade.  So what that they didn't have another All Star caliber guy.  I think they could have built a better team with the assets they had.
JC-Los Angeles::Deplorable
sportshead96::I really see an improvement on the Knicks defense.  I do see Melo making the effort and Amare did a good job when he guarded howard today.  The only reason their offense sucks is the lack of a point guard.  If Baron Davis gets healthy they could really turn things around.  If they maybe get Nash in the offseason they will be even better.
JC-Los Angeles::Mike D'Antoni should star in Office Space II
Papi81509::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1008859-new-york-knicks-wont-contend-unless-they-make-a-change-with-mike-dantoni
NastyVille_McNasties::SVG clearly outcoached D'Antoni today when he went to the 2/3 Zone in the 4th quarter..Knicks had no idea how to attack the zone.
sportshead96::I cant imagine what would have happened if they played that zone defense the whole game.
spbynum1::If you had a thousand dollars to bet where Howard would end up, where would it be? My money is on the Lakers.
WatkinsUSMC::Lakers are done... your dnyasty is over... Fisher is old, kobe is gonna retire soon... u lost odom and if you get howard... you will loose gasal and bynum... who do you have????
NastyVille_McNasties::Unfortunately it's the Lakers..They have the best trade chips...Now GTFO and go watch your team lose.
JC-Los Angeles::My Clippers won today, I watched your team lose instead.
JC-Los Angeles::Good idea, however, I have heard out here that Golden State is pushing so hard due to new entertainment owners, Jerry West as a consultant and Curry as a trade piece. Also, Portland is an option alongside Aldridge. Howard needs to go west if he wants a ring.
spbynum1::They are not giving up Curry and company to rent Howard for 20-25 games. Jerry would be charged for sabotage as a Laker insurgent lol.
sportshead96::Looking at the stats, Anthony had 5 assists and 8 boards, the only problem was he missed so many shots.  The knicks really need to reconsider giving the ball to anthony at the end of every close game.  Although I shouldnt expect dantoni to be THAT creative.
JC-Los Angeles::Give it to Marc Anthony now that he's freed up.
JC-Los Angeles::While Mike Brown is a deplorable coach here in LA for failing to run one play for his two seven footers and for letting Kobe freelance endlessly, unfortunately, we can't hold a candle to D'Antoni and Carmelo. 33 points on 27 shots? That's Kobe like. Ryan Anderson and DJ Augustine winning at The Garden? Yikes, that's 80s, 90s, 2000s Clipper-like. Can Hubie Brown step in and help the Knicks?
NastyVille_McNasties::JFox= Moron who know's nothing about the game..He needs to go read up on some basketball digest.
NastyVille_McNasties::I'm just ready for all the Dwight drama to end... I know we're playing well right now but if he doesn't resign by the trade deadline the Magic will have to trade him even if it's to the garbage Lakers for Bynum..
WatkinsUSMC::I can name a few that are def going to be in the Hall of Fame....
WatkinsUSMC::Funny thing is.... we have always drafted the best players to ever play the game, its our front office ... those $@%!$@% end up doing dumb trades for them... lord knows why!
WatkinsUSMC::Hedo, JJ, Anderson, Richardson
JFox 44::and there isnt a single player on the entire roster that can create his own shot
WatkinsUSMC::because we had no one else... that other 7'0 footer... he was a bust... BRO I REMEMBER when he got drafted and that other guy also... (I forgot his name, hes not even playing... hes on the bench)....
JFox 44::howard started every game his rookie year...
JFox 44::orton can be very good, but what have we seen from him ever? including in college in his one year at kentucky he was a back up to demarcus cousins and avereged like 3 points and 3 revounds a game. i think he can be very good. but its hard to count on a gut that hasnt started since high school
NastyVille_McNasties::You have no idea what you're talking about.
JFox 44::no he cant he can make shots but he doest create shots like get himself open. he makes shot on smaller defenders and that it. he cant get anywhere near the basket with the ball in his hands
NastyVille_McNasties::This year Turk has been very efficient..He created the game clinching shot Wafer hit in GS and the dagger Anderson hit today...Turk has been every bit as good as he was in 09 so far this year.
mccoywajmu::turk can create his own shot but his inefficient and he isnt creating easy shots for teammates
NastyVille_McNasties::Turkoglu can create his own shot you idiot. Try watching the games for once.
mccoywajmu::yeah but the orlando offense is predicated on surronding an interior scorer with 3 pt shooters...drawing the double and kicking to those shooters for open looks..so if you trade howard you have to get back an interior scorer
WatkinsUSMC::And the bulls are easy to predict also... Rose, stop him and you win the game, hes just like howard, if you prevent him from shooting or driving the ball... leaves no one open... Rose cannot create shots at all for his team, hes a ball hog... it showed tonight when he left the game and they fell apart
WatkinsUSMC::and nor will the bulls... you will loose Rose after his last year of his contract and still not have a ring.... thats gonna be the funny part..
NastyVille_McNasties::Rose will never win a ring as long as the Heat are around.
WatkinsUSMC::HE ALREADY IS.... 2008... jared.... go to sleep
mccoywajmu::dwight is going to the hall..doesnt mean he is going with a ring
WatkinsUSMC::wow..... are u serious.... okay, go back to ur loser bulls board... You should be shot for saying something like that... HES A LEGEND u moron... and A HALL OF FAMER... he didn't get there because he got into the NBA.... ALSO REMEMBER ALL THOSE TIMES KNICKS AND BULLS PLAYED&gt;... There were  a few years they knocked the bulls outta the playoffs...
jared575757::he is a loser, but still going to be a hall of famer,
mccoywajmu::yeah and ewing was a loser...never won anything..
WatkinsUSMC:::) MCCOY...... Okay, well... obvisouly... when we trade howard we will get two very good players... also, look at who trained howard to what he is today... Pat Ewing created what u now see as D12....
WatkinsUSMC::well we proved it tonight we can win without him... Thats for sure, so as long as we get a big center and hes someone a threat.... we can win... Like I said, why is it that people think we NEED howard.... Look at the knicks... They have 3 really good players and can't win to save there life....
RyGuy102093::you didn't win without him....he was drawing double and triple teams, which freed up anderson and hedo for threes.....howards presence was felt today, just not in terms of his points
sportshead96::BREAKING NEWS: A mosquito just landed on Andrew Bynums knee.  Reports indicate he will be out for 6-8 weeks.
NastyVille_McNasties::Agreed..If Bynum could stay healthy we wouldn't really be much worse if at all.. Bynum staying healthy is a HUGE IF though... If we could get Bynum and Pau back we may be even better.  Which is why I hope the Lakers go on a losing streak and get desperate. LOL
sportshead96::Dont be thinking the Magic can make a run without howard based on todays game.  You beat a very flawed knicks team with a lousy coach and no chemistry.
WatkinsUSMC::Was a great game at least.... had me on the edge of my seat til the last 5 minutes, Knicks started to fall back.... missed a lot of shots, one thing I couldn't understand was that rookie shumpert.... why does he feel he can talk trash to howard whos been in the league longer than him??? What has shumpert done? Accomplished? anything? Hes on a loosing team but still talking trash... The idea of double teaming howard... I won't lie, it worked tonight but orlando made it rain,......... Sorry NY maybe next time....
WatkinsUSMC::lol the large number "3"..... losses... its the beginning of the season, alot has changed in everyteam, players, offenses, defenses..... roles, etc... wait til after all star break... things will be different..
mccoywajmu::thats why every team that has beaten orlando does not double howard....let him score because he cannot and will not beat you by himself
NastyVille_McNasties::Dwight needs to realize that had he not choked in 2009 and hit just one f*cking FT in the final seconds of game 4 in the NBA Finals he may already have had a championship... His FTs still haven't improved!! They've actually gotten worse!! Maybe, Just maybe if he improves so will the Magic's chances!! But he can't admit that./..He'd rather blame everyone but himself for the Magic's short comings.
sportshead96::Dude come on, even if they win game 4 there was no way they were beating LA in two out of the next three games.  Orlando is a one dimensional team centered around Howard and chucking up threes.  Chucking up threes wont win in the playoffs, look at the suns.
JFox 44::well that one game wouldnt have won them the championship...the lakers were a better team. and dwight isnt the reason this team isnt any better. there is not a single player on that team that can create his own shot if he has to. thats why they arent better
JFox 44::turkoglu has been playing sub par at best since he signed that huge contract a few offseasons ago. yeah he can hit some shots at times. but he cant get to the rim and score he can only step back and throw up a shot because of how tall he is. that settling not creating
NastyVille_McNasties::Turkoglu can create his own shot anytime he wants.. Redick and Anderson are getting better at it as well..And J-Rich could probably create his own shot as well if he ever pulled his head out of his a**.  But...The Knicks have 2 players who can create their own shots..How's that working out for them?
WatkinsUSMC::magic and its bad traditions....
NastyVille_McNasties::Dwight already has endorsements with Adidas,McDonalds,Gatorade,T-Mobile,Call of Duty...Has been in movies..Made 100s of millions of dollars.. Ownership is willing to pay the money it takes to build a winner..No state income tax..Brand new arena... Dwight is the man in Central Florida and Orlando is one of the fastest growing cities in America.. They're also off to a great start this season... Why not try and recruit someone to come play with him?  I really don't understand Dwight's train of thought..If you wanna live in a big city so bad move to one during the offseason..It's not as if you'll be able to go out partying and enjoying the big city life during the season anyway... I just don't understand why Dwight already has his mind set on leaving.
WatkinsUSMC::I think hes just messing with the ball club to scare them and get him more involved in what the club decisions....
DTangMF::I dont recall Otis saying anything like " I will do everything I can to convince my best player to stay" ......
DTangMF::Well, Otis is not making any efforts on convincing him to stay either,  and Otis is stupid, if my best player is thinking about leaving, I wont say the stupid things like "I will not put Dwight's demands into consideration" or "This team is not about Dwight"....
NastyVille_McNasties::I mean he's the leading vote getter in All Star voting....Was the first player ever to get 3 million votes a few years ago...Will he really get more popular playing in a bigger market? He's already huge in China... What more does this big dumb idiot want!?!?!?! And don't say winning a championship because New Jersey is his first option and they have no better of a shot at winning a title as we do..
JFox 44::how well do the magic have to do to get dwight to stay?
JFox 44::well he said he want to go where he can win a championship. but that was one day the next day he probably said something completely different
grandmaster297::Market size is overrated
jared575757::not to the players
NastyVille_McNasties::It's about playing in a big city.
DTangMF::another star player
mintzerkj4eva::When will NY figure that they to get rid of Mike
RyGuy102093::after this season is ruined
Imtalking2Texas::Melo and Amare cant play on the same team
kush manbear::somebody screammmmmmmmmm
kush manbear::would somebody just contract this whole atlantic division worthless
TheSixthHeatle::Boozer is a beast!  -Stacey King
DTangMF::Miami Heat is your worst nightmare~
DTangMF::you probably will have to do that urself in the conference final,
mintzerkj4eva::Yeah MIA is his worst nightmare
kush manbear::naw i want another crack at em  maybe u guys can knock em out for us x)
Jagger0012::Same old knicks......overrated again......lmfao
jpskins28::They can do all us Knick fans a favor and go back on Strike!!! Not doing us any good raising our blood pressure every other game!!!
jpskins28::One thing's for sure (the Knicks stink?) Knicks stink!!! (they always stink) Yeah, Yeah!!! Knicks stink!!! ('Melo Stinks) Yeah, Yeah!!! Knicks stink!!! (D'Antoni stinks) Yeah, Yeah!!!
nysportsrules::dork!!!!!!!!!!!
omar8510::Once again it's time to fire D'Antoni
jpskins28::Not really all D'Antoni, even tho he stinks!!! Guys on the court have no chemistry!!! Really should have kept Felton and Gallinari last year!!! I was never really sold on 'Melo, and still not after today!!! 31 pts. yeah, but he was 9 for 27!!!
eliasmelo::It pisses me off when people say "look at Denver after the trade" man wtf, look at Denver before Melo ever went there. Always a lottery team, and a joke in the NBA. People are acting like they forgot about Melo taking the nuggets to the playoffs every year he was there.
eliasmelo::We should of kept Billups atleast, he's better then mike bibby
genjeskhan::had to amnesty billups to make room for chandler
genjeskhan::but honestly, denver really ripped the knicks off. gallo is playing like an all star over there, and once wilson chandler returns, the nuggets will be even scarier. smh felton was so good playing with amare, miss felton the most.
genjeskhan::i know it's early in the season, but something looks seriously wrong with amare's game. last season he was a beast for the knicks, up until the trade. since then his game has declined RAPIDLY! knicks are 6-7 because amare is playing like a confused rookie out there, smh
williamfernando_rn::he's not Pg...
eliasmelo::No keep shumpert lol he's a beast and atleast he plays D
williamfernando_rn::nash for shumpert,fields,harrellson,douglas and 2.5 trade exception
genjeskhan::shump is the only one that is untouchable, in my opinion.
spbynum1::Amare is just running at people's midsection and throwing the ball up. Idiot.
eliasmelo::Amare needs a PG who can distribute, Mike Antonis stupid self wants the offense to run through Carmelo. I love melo but he's not a playmaker
eliasmelo::I like Baron Davis, he's not as bad as people are saying. He was decent last year before the trade to the Cavs
genjeskhan::every player not named iman shumpert should be offered for steve nash, including bibby and/ or baron davis.
genjeskhan::if i'm the knicks, i really would explore trying to bring steve nash on board. the dude still plays like a 30 year old PG, and can you imagine the confidence amare would regain by reuniting with his former passing buddy?
williamfernando_rn::100% correct
williamfernando_rn::TRADE amare to the nets.. to keep also d-will with nets.. lopez-amare-stevenson-brooks-d-will... knicks will get okur expiring contract and williams and some picks..   and sign k-mart and arenas..  chandler-okur-melo-field-shumpert... and knicks fans.. wait to our power house line up..  chandler-k-mart-melo-shumpert-davis.....  lets go knicks...
williamfernando_rn::brooks is a good player.. he moved like kobe..
