charlie7-21-05::Kids so clutch
charlie7-21-05::Nice three pointer Kidd.
Claydoggydog::Way to go NY! Taking the NBA back is fun!
krysamnik6465::Last years knicks would have never made that great comeback and wouldve given up after the first 5 minutes.... i LOVE the way theyve been playing. The only problem i see them having is getting rebounds, theyve never been a good rebounding team
5809Mike::STAT coming back will help.
money2burn45::MOST TEAMS NEED 2 OUTREBOUND THE OTHER TEAM TO HAVE A CHANCE, BUT WITH US LEADING THE LEAGUE IN THE FEWEST TURNOVERS, WE MAKE UP FOR OUR LACK OF REBOUNDING, BECAUSE WE GET OFF A LOT OF SHOTS BECAUSE WE DONT TURN THE BALL OVER.
SRQLivesForever::I can't believe there are haters who still claim that the Knicks suck or aren't legit.  What do the Knicks have to do to get a little respect around the league? They DESERVE the respect.
AlphaBeta123::win 2 games in the playoffs.  They don't "deserve" anything until that happens....months from now.  Technically, they could win every game for the rest of the season but if they fail to win more than 1 game in the playoffs then they haven't really improved.
pfcsnow7::y are ppl so focused on the past, it seems like thats all ppl can say to discredit this Knicks team. The 2012-2013 knicks are beasting this yr focus on that dont try n discredit them by throwing in useless numbers from last yr or yrs past.
alicia2785::TOTALLY AGREE WITH ALPHA!!!
Rodneycash20122012::the nicks suck and arent legit.  The implosion is coming.  just wait for it.
pfcsnow7::its already started????? plz do tell
aberk888::wat team do you go 4
5809Mike::its already started!
ThirtySecondTO::I have been to Barclays to see the Nets 3 times this year.  The Nets do not play good team defense and when they do play defense it is absolutely horrible.  Their stat of team defense is misleading for they hold the ball on their offensive possesions longer than most teams which keep the opponents' offensive possesions and scoring down.  The Nets' big men cannot or will not defend the pick n rolls which leads to too many 3's shot against them.  I am not understanding why Nets GM Billy King has not moved Randolph Childress in favor of landing another rebounding power forward or backup center.  Brook Lopez was hurt but even when healthy is not a great rebounder.  The Knicks got too many second chances on the offensive glass late last night which lead to big buckets and the win.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::not too many people in the market for Childress
ThirtySecondTO::That's why they should waive him
Nym1211::Awesome win for my Knicks last night on my Birthday! It would've been a un-Happy Birthday for me had they lost.
ILOVESMEGMA::Yes, it would be great if Melo won the MVP, but lets stop with this talk since theyre 21 games in to the season. When theyre 60 games in, itll be more of a realistic argument if he continues the same type of production
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::1/4 of the season isn't too early to at least consider it.  By the time the all-star game gets here, the top 4 names or so won't really move unless something dramatic happens.  The point is that by all means the Knicks can keep winning games 1. Because the East is garbage, and 2. Because we're actually pretty good.  As long as NY can stay #1, Melo has a great shot at getting the award
BronyFan::Better state rivalry than Lakers and Clippers.
BronyFan::From the Box score it seems Brooklyn was $@%!$@ offensively during the fourth or the Knicks D got to them. Must've been a good game.
kmoe332::4 at half, and knicks took the lead in the 3rd briefly
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::It was a blowout in the other direction at first.  Knicks pulled it to within 5 or 6 by halftime, and didn't get a lead until about 3 minutes left.  Very dramatic basketball.
354East::Knicks played some inspiring d towards the end... I can't help but like watching the nets backcourt though. They're both fun teams to watch. I know they met in 94 playoffs, but really they have never both been formidable in my lifetime.
JOHN393996::Being a die hard knick fan. Hasnt been easy over the years.My man was bill  bradly. This years team doesnt  give up.The game last night was exciting.This reminded me of the game against the bucks when jabbar played.The knick came back from  18 down. Ibelive it was against the bucks when they also had oscar robinson.Keep it up guys. Woodson is one hell of a coach. Bring on the lakers ,out to be fun. Considering mike will  be back.
StanNYGKRY::he said die hard knick fan not diehard bucks fan... still the big o needs his name spelled right
ILOVESMEGMA::I question how die hard u are when u dont even know its oscar robertson, not oscar robinson
tiesto281::The only thing that comes out of NEW Yark is f@g$,AIDS,and Jews.
OmniVersal::Weird I thought that was what Manchester United was full of. And when you have the name Tiesto in your username your heterosexuality is severely questioned.
DakotaGeurinkSwag::The Pistons will wreck the Knicks on the 13th watch out knicks fans, Detroit Basketball is back!
Chris99417::we dont even play you guys on the 13th we play the lakers
FinsFan 13::Wait whats the Pistons record? Exactly. And if its @ MSG, I consider not watching if your a Pistons fan.
JeffSigmaChi::Didn't we already destroy you once this year?
OmniVersal::I'm sorry but with the NHL lockout Detroit has no successful sports teams to talk about lol
klew911::The trade for Joe Johnson will eventually come back to haunt the Nets.  Blatche is hiding some of it now, but who knows how long that will last or if he will stay with the Nets after this season.  Joe makes almost $20 mil per and give production at about $8 mil per.
NYClyde10::Anyone else notice how much better the Hawks look without JJ?
OmniVersal::Brooklyn's burning.
DirtBaGP::Hey LIN? Hows that bonehead move working out for you?
FLC-8R::Its ok Dirtbag,  Lin will let you cry on his couch to let it out.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Yeah I was mad at first too.  Calling him a traitor and whatnot for taking the $ (even though this is a business, so technically why shouldn't he have?).  But Kidd and Felton have been playing so well that I honestly haven't even paid much attention to what Lin is doing.  The fact that I hear he isn't playing well consistently is just kinda icing on an already delicious cake lol
Hugo Steiglitz::OmniVersal clearly struck a nerve Dirtbag.  It's okay to feel jilted by Lin's loss.  I would recommend finding a quiet place and having a good cry.  Then remember how well Kidd played last night, and what Felton has done most of this young season.  Then maybe you'll forget about Jeremy Lin and move forward. k?
DirtBaGP::the words obsessing and jilted are what makes your point null and void. You're reading to much into my simple question that wasnt meant for you from the jump. But thanks for your 2 cents, next time just save it. k?
OmniVersal::The fact that you're trying to defend it shows that I struck a nerve. And a HUGE FYI Lin doesn't read this board lol. So how about you save yourself the time and stop talking about Lin on a Knicks board. Only people still obsessing over him are the ones whose feelings he's hurt lol
OmniVersal::Seriously dude who cares. I'm a Knicks fan but let it go. Lin is on the Rockets now so let's worry about our own PGs k?
OmniVersal::No my point is that you're STILL obsessing over Lin like a jilted ex-girlfriend. Not a good look just saying, k?
DirtBaGP::im not worried. im asking Lin a question. k?
Dengue-Fever::KNICKS SUUUCK!!!...
OfficialGazeTv::You all do have the best record in the East but we have a lot of games to go my friends! I'm hoping the Heat get it together and pull back.
5809Mike::YOUR IGNORANT!
ILOVESMEGMA::LOL u mad bro?
sources says::it must suck to have two blow out loses including one at home to a sucky Knicks team
FinsFan 13::Mad?
JeffSigmaChi::Yeah, it sucks having the best record in the East!
DirtBaGP::Ballllliiiinnnn
nba is the worst::seanjohnw What a surprise another team that owns the garbage Knicks 2 fans like this. December 11 2012, 5:46 PM ·  oops
OmniVersal::He's most likely a special needs child. I feel bad for him. Oh well go Knicks!
OmniVersal::Melo is the MVP. Durant has Westbrook while Lebron has Bosh and Wade.
luimi12345678::im cool with him hes actually partially puerto rican so i kinda have to be just dont think hes the most valuable player they looked fine without him in the past
OmniVersal::Not really. Based on the award being called MOST VALUABLE Melo deserves it. If he doesn't win it oh well but if he does I can imagine the amount of tears and slit wrists you'd have lol
luimi12345678::you gonna cry if he doesnt get it
luimi12345678::your knee deep in melos $@%!$ calm down kid
luimi12345678::.308 play off win percentage eeesh goood luck with that mvp
OmniVersal::What does his past have to do with this year's MVP? Last I checked Durant and Lebron also have not won a playoff game yet this season. If you're trying to troll could you at least use common sense?
nba is the worst::reg season award
FatCat_00::Can't remember the last time the East was better than the West
5809Mike::Im a knicks fan but i dont think it is.  spurs, grizz, OKC, clippers vs. knicks and heat
ThexSituationx::Follow me @JoshLG10 For free sports betting picks  +9,765 Units so far in all sports total this season!
bankerelm::Carmelo 28 ppg 7 rebounds 2 assist 47 FG% Durant 27 ppg 9 rebounds 4 assist  FG 51%  Durant is the MVP so far.
bankerelm::Dont get sensitive about this its the truth and you dont want to admit it.
Bmoresportfan52::I wish Rose was playing.
bankerelm::Melo is having a fantastic year but Durant and Lebron are having a better year.
Bmoresportfan52::Notice how Durants stats are only slightly better. I normally dont like Mello but he is pretty legit this year.
B..........::Maybe but I think youre more interested in just trolling a knick board otherwise youd go to the OKC article.
bankerelm::So lebron and Durant are not valuable to their team????
B..........::MVP is not for the best player idiot. Its the most valuable to his team. When do you turn 14 again?
B..........::OK troll - thats why you are in a knicks board constantly talking about Durant and Lebron...
bankerelm::so are the heat and thunder. So then you chose the best player from those 3 teams. Carmelo is not the best player
Bmoresportfan52::$@%! it we are winning. Hate more.
bankerelm::i dont hate carmelo. I just think that Durant and Lebron are ahead of Carmelo for the MVP
B..........::If you dont like him thats fine but hes clearly in the same league as the leagues best.
bankerelm::i am sure he chucks up some shots to increase his points
B..........::He does what his coaching staff tells him to do - not some guy on a irrelevant board. Your OP explains exactly why he deserves to be mentioned as MVP - numbers are almost same as Durants.
bankerelm::no just putting down some facts. Carmelo needs to pass the ball more
supremekid912::Jason Kidd was an underrated signing for the Knicks
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'm going to lunch.  I'll be back in an hr to see this "Non-Rivalry" post at like 8,000 comments...
BurnabyJoeFan::As a Nuggets fan.. I'm happy for Melo and JR  Both are really starting to grow up and play a more complete game.  I don't know if it took the NY spotlight, or if it's just them aging and getting more mature and a better focus on what they want.. but it's cool.  That being said.. it's early in the season and it's too early to predict the contenders.. but they are off to a great start.
Radray12::It's good that you can smile when you're so ugly :)
BurnabyJoeFan::"Who you calling ugly?"  - Ronald McDonald
supremekid912::Knicks will still lose in the first round  -Heat fans
FinsFan 13::To who? An 8 seed? We were the 8 seed in 2010 and the 7 seed last year, that why we lost.
NYClyde10::If the East was any good this year, you might have a point. But if they get a top 3 seed, there won;t be a lot to worry about. There are two great teams in the East, three decent teams and the rest are total garbage this year.
SjGMEN77::Chicago lost to an 8 seed. San Antonio lost to an 8 seed. The playoffs are a different animal.
Ari5953::good game to watch.. enjoy your hump day guys.. http://www.tinyurl.com/hmpday1212
bankerelm::Kevin Durant is the MVP so far this season
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::"I wish I had a Westbrook"   - Melo
FatCat_00::Melo would light himself on fire if he was playing with Westbrook  he'd take half of Melo's  shots
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Celts_Mavs_Red Sox "This is ur opinion...u have no facts to back up ur argument..." ----------  My "opinion" is based on 2 of the best basketball games we've seen ALL YR...THIS YR.  Not last yr's playoffs, which is what your argument for Bos being relevant is based on.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::furthermore, why would you come on a Knicks-Nets Rivalry board just to say they rivalry isn't a rivalry, and try to convince us how good Boston is?  Didn't the Celtics play the Bobcats or Raptors or something, get out of here lol
Bmoresportfan52::Nobody cares about Boston this year the way they care about the Knicks and Nets. Why live in the past. Like everything today is apparently irrelevant.
Bmoresportfan52::New York leads merchandise sales. Specifically the Knicks.
AnythingETS::We're rich
FatCat_00::Right now.....                                                                   MVP: Durant (2. Lebron, 3. Carmelo, 36. D Howard).        Coach: Mark Jackson.    Rookie : D Lillard.             Improved: OJ Mayo.     6th man : J Crawford.
NYClyde10::^Have you seen what Mark Jackson has done to that GS squad? They were arguably worse on defense for a longer period of time than the Knicks and they have improved dramatically. Plus, Mark is a former Knick.
Tinman1188::Mike Woodson doesn't get coach of the year at this point?  Making this team actually play defense?  rrrrriiightt
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Felton is a candidate for most improved player as well, although he has been playing like sh*t lately
12 .12 .12::Laker fans last year to the Knicks : AHAHHAH THE KNICKS SUCK. MELO IS CANCER. Laker fans when D'Antoni as coach: Now I know why Knicks sucked last year
bankerelm::knicks havent done anything yet. Win a playoff series then we will talk
Bmoresportfan52::win a playoff game first. Ummmmmm isnt that what they are trying to do this season?
21DanNYC8::we can talk whenever we want. if you want to wait until then thats fine, leave
30sdooga::My favorite part was the knicks fans drowning out the nets fans.
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Seriously.  U heard the DE-FENSE chants more when the Nets had the ball  It was awesome
bankerelm::Best rivalries: Lakers vs Celtics Heat vs Celtics Lakers vs Kings Lakers vs Spurs Mavs vs Suns Heat vs 90's Knicks  Knicks vs Nets (what a joke, make the playoffs first)
sources says::Bulls vs Knicks (90s)
IGotSkillz1990::Lakers vs. Kings??? We in 2012 kid, not 2002.
Bmoresportfan52::Brand new rivalry isnt allowed?
Tinman1188::no apparently nothing counts until the Knicks make the playoffs in 7 months.  We should just ignore them until then
21DanNYC8::RIGHT NOW, these teams are both good and the games have been competitive. And they play in the same city. good enough for me.
jbest2013::The Lakers got what they deserved with D'toni, they are about the worst defensive team in the league, I hope we blow them out by 50 points and boo D'antoins ash out of town, he is stealing money, with that rec league bball style, I hope for lakers sake he got a 1-2 year contract.
12 .12 .12::Miami will lose another one at home. They're facing the Wizards
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Best current rivalry in Nba goes to: Boston and Miami
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::just due to level of competition both times, this (NY vs BKN) is easily the best rivalry right now.  Bos is old news...yesterday's paper
Bmoresportfan52::Who is the best team in New York? Sounds like a sweet rivalry to me.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::This is ur opinion...u have no facts to back up ur argument
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Lol u obviously don't have a single clue
Bmoresportfan52::you dont have a single clue...
21DanNYC8::looks like a first round matchup this year
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::haha
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Bos will get swept.  They just don't have it anymore
30sdooga::Is it time for the lakers to fire D'Antoni right now?
bankerelm::how is this a rivalry? Do something in the playoffs first
jbest2013::Do you know how long its been since the Knicks and Nets have been this good in December, we are seeing quality high level bbal , that's been missing for a long time and you are bicthnn!!!!!!!!!, two competetive games that went down to the last shot. What the hell more do you want?????, I guess you must be hockey fan
bankerelm::regular season games dont matter idiot!!!!
nba is the worst::It's December, silly - have some patience
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Same city, same division, 2 good teams.  Playoff atmosphere both times they played.... yup it's a rivalry
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::unless you have 2 good teams in the same city essentially vying for the same title as "Best in the City".  It actually makes it even more of a rivalry now, because both teams know they are (or at least look to be) playoff bound.
bankerelm::Nets have been around forever. This is not a rivalry. Rivalries are created in the playoffs
FatCat_00::So you can kick someone while you're shooting a three and draw a foul ?  Players wouldn't flop if the referees weren't so dumb
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::"You didn't really think I needed that wheelchair did you?"   - Paul Pierce
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::"Yes u can"  -Reggie Miller
FatCat_00::Lol
30sdooga::If I were a nets fans I'd be most upset about the coaching situation.
UCLABRUIN27::Why do they keep saying this a rivalry? It's only been two games and the knicks have one them both. Rivalries take decades, not 2 games.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Plus to take a line from Hov, this "is just..different" lol.  Nets were always a NY stepbrother type of team.  Now they're actually able to play in the same state, and its kind of like asking New Yorkers to choose sides.  That gives this rivalry an exception, becuase it hasn't really happened before.  Plus both teams for once, are actually almost equally good.  Watching them play is like watching a playoff game early
UCLABRUIN27::My bad i was thinking of another game but still cmon, a rivalry after 2 games? No way 2 games constitutes a rivalry. Before the first game it was already being called a "rivalry". So stupid
jbest2013::The "NETS" have been a team for decades, they just moved????????????
UCLABRUIN27::I know you couldn't possibly think that way a rivalry.
30sdooga::This is definitely a rivalry, if you watched both games you would  understand.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Knicks lost the 1st game.  Or are you talking about Knicks-Heat
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::The Knicks won 1
nittanylionkiller22::BK needs Brian Saclabrine!!
444Mike::Nuggets fan here, and I have to say: it's early in the season, but as of RIGHT NOW, Melo should be the favorite for MVP.  Yes, LeBron is always stellar, but Melo has been a monster this year and the Knicks' record reflects it.  *puts shield up for angry people who will voice their opinion*
FatCat_00::Durant has been the best Player   No more Harden , Westbrook has played below his standards and they are still 16-4    He is avg 27-8.5-4.5  with 1.5 Steals and 1.5 blocks and shooting over 50%
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Its sad but people won't get it until March
PSUSniper::I'll do what Knick fans did after they lost the first game..."but we didn't have Lopez"...
rondu33::Don't remember Knick fans crying about that at all. That's actually the only loss we have that we SHOULD have won. Like Woody &amp; Melo said, "we beat ourselves in that game, it wasn't anything the Nets did."
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Who said that?  It was a close game that Melo didn't take enough shots in the 4th quarter in (1st game).  You guys beat us fair and square, and now we beat you fair and square....  But if anything, the 2nd game was more even considering we're still missing 2 starters
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Reggie Evans n Blatche played very well replacing Lopez  That's not an excuse
nba is the worst::Le-Goat Miami will be in first place after tonight 1 fan likes this. December 11 2012, 3:22 PM ·
vicmo25::Melo for MVP, ESPN.................really??  12-13 SEASON: Melo - 27 PPG, 2.1 APG, 6.6 RPG on 46.5% FG  Lebron - 25 PPG, 6.8 APG, 8.8 RPG on 54% FG  .......................even my 5 yr old son knows which one is greater than the other
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I guess you're getting your son a Melo jersey for Christmas then lol
rondu33::Miami 0-2 (both 20 pts losses) against the Knicks. NYK best record in the East.
nba is the worst::16-5 (2-0) &gt; 14-5 (0-2)
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Wins, and who is doing more with less.  Plus Melo being unselfish is a hot story right now lol
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Can't go wrong either way  Bron is the slight fav right now, but not by much
30sdooga::We need Raymond to be more consistent.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I think he has been for the most part.  A lot of his bad shooting was due to the fact that Deron and JJ are good defenders.  I actually think Brooklyn is almost just as good as NY defensively, we just have more offensive weapons.  But because they can play d, it evens the game out a bit more
The Guy who Cleans Lou Holtz Desk After Every Gameday::Just put twinkes on the rim to make him drive relentlessly.
StevenVirgil::once STAT gets bk we will b a 60+ win team
nittanylionkiller22::im guessing not
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'm guessing 62-20
