Terence Jackson::The star players and the coach are the same age. That's never a good thing no matter how you look at it.
Michael Glankler::haha so true.
Jose Klatter::Whoever thought that two washed up guys and one midget from Boston would give them a chance at the Heat's throne is totally delusional.
John Martin::Garnett apparently no longer an offensive threat--only two shots. Nets made a mistake trading for him and Pierce.
Julie Price::Nets would be better with Avery Johnson as head coach...
Randyl Ybanez::can you be the coach and I will be the assistant!..
Ben Black::Bobcats scored 12 point in the 4th and still win.
Seb Knoll::what a joke!
Marc Pascal::Blatche the top Nets scorer with 25. The true offensive force of the team..
Andrew Lipham::lmao.  nets are a joke
Alexander Stapinski::In the offseason you make moves that were supposed to put you in a "win or bust" situation.  You add to a core with veterans like Pierce and Garnett.  You trade  essentially all of your draft picks for the next four years.  It's win now or nothing, and yet you sign a coach in his first year and not even two months out of retirement from playing in the NBA.  Did Brooklyn ever say this out loud?  A must win situation, and you bring in a rookie coach...
Joe Brooks::I agree with the coaching thing, but the players they brought in for their "win now" are all "won in the past".
Jason Burke::Looks like Kidd will make a 360 degree change in the team. lol Remember that comment.. Good player but he never was too brilliant.  Didn't understand this move at all. Especially with a team trying to make a run.  ??
C.n. Muhney::Lopez , Deron hurting may not play ,  Pierce and KG are 50% fossilized.  Bobcats +3 is my play
Jason Corazon::Hard to believe that BK is one of the highest paid lineups.
Shanny Salcedo::oldest highest paid lineup lol
Luc Whissell::The way things are going, Celtics can get the top 2 picks next season lol.
Phish Head Len Apter::New nickname for KG-The Ticket Stub.
Warren Sands::BKN should be better than this with the talent they have.  This is coming from a person who is not a BKN fan.  Perhaps having a successful pro career doesn't necessarily qualify you to be a successful coach.
Randyl Ybanez::Exactly, and I knew it this would come..J kidd is inexperience coach, inexperience = can't motivate players!..
Joe Brooks::I keep seeing articles on the Nets problems. It's easy. The players they signed in the off season and the coach they hired are all worthless. Simple.
Kyle Milian::Lol first the Lakers and now the Nets.  Both major failures.  Teams trying to copy the Heat are doing a very poor job.
Cj Alexander::How did the lakers try to copy the  heat, when the lakers been putting together championship teams for years
Cj Alexander::Oh and 16 championships to 3...LOL...yeah the lakers are coping the Heat...Man come on
Allen Greene::Cj Alexander That was in the past. What have The Lakers done lately? besides hire a hack for a head coach who cant even spell the word Defense ? and The Dwight experiment was a disaster. and Steve Nash just needs to go home and stay home. and a 35 year old Kobe cant save The Lakers now.
Amer Isovic::As a hawks fan knowing we have rights to swap picks with Brooklyn this year, LETS GO BOBCATS!!!!
Norah Frei::Kidd needs to suit up next game. Can't be any worse than what we're seeing here in Brooklyn.
Jimson C. Cuenta::Maybe you should suit up as well. A starting lineup with you, Jason Kidd, Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, and Jason Terry would probably give the Nets the best chance of winning.
Allen Greene::Jimson C. Cuenta Maybe The Nets made a huge mistake in hiring Kidd. While George Karl and Lionel Hollins don't even have a job.
Ben Black::Are you implying that she's old like this nets team?
Ronnie Duke::well, it's official...brooklyn is tied with new york for the waste team in the east
Elan Kirshenbaum::I think it might be time to end the Jason Kidd experiment...
Barton Funk::Too soon for that. This team is just learning to play together. They'll figure it out. Miami wasn't too hot when their big 3 first got together. @Barton_Funk
Marcleen Bavogui::Barton Funk they dont have lebron or wade on their team and those are not close to a retirement home.. the nets stink right now
Nolan Hughes::WOW!!! The Nets suck
Randyl Ybanez::The time is come!..8 defeat is unacceptable specially when you have players who's competitors.. bring on the assistant lawrence frank..He's the one coaching against the heat while the coach was suspended due to drunkardness!..lol
Joe Brooks::Still can't figure out how this idiot billionaire Russian thought a below average rookie coach was going to get him a championship. The Nets and Knicks are the 2 teams in the NBA that could benefit the most from an immediate coaching change before the season gets away from them.
C.n. Muhney::YUUUUP,   the right move for J Kidd would be to be a player / assistant coach or just assistant for a year and have an old school coach groom him.
Ben Hall::It looks like Brooklyn will be posting a Net Loss this 2012-13 :D (Sorry to smile. I do feel sorry for BKN but I'm a Heat fan so...Three-Peat's looking pretty good)
Nicholas M. Cummings::It might mean one less difficult round, but it might also mean that Brooklyn claws its way back to the 7-seed and the Heat get a nightmare first round matchup instead of a cupcake bye week
Jose Lopez::Nicholas M. Cummings It will be cupcake for Miami and a Nightmare for Brooklyn!
Tony Ellis::I'm not completely convinced that the Nets are going to rebound. Question: if the Nets are ten games under .500 at the All-Star break, does Jason Kidd get fired?
Joe Brooks::Fired? He should have never been hired.
Michael Gallemore::Good for the Bobcats, they need to learn how to finish against cellar-dwellers to build momentum.
Denniz Rodman::and so the rivalry between NYK and BKN continues...they're racing going deep down the cellar.
