William::just looked at stats coach and I am speechless! prigioni,udrih, metta world peace played 15 minutes combined and did not contribute 1 point between the 3. Carmelo is trying to carry the team and release the pressure of the organization because of his star power and contract! wrong move!! the team must play like a team and become one! tell your skilled players to attack and pass the rock around and move without the basketball for open easy shots!! the more movement on an offensive team the easier it is to score!! I don't want to be insulting but udrih, prignoni and felton are not positive for your lineups!! I have watched a few games and you do not get help from them. felton is not  consistent and he forgets the term team leader instead of player!! I have watched basketball for 35 years and it hurts watching such a talented team perform the way they are!!! bargnani was a big upgrade! but Amare, Martin, Metta are veterans that should be stepping up in the locker room and motivating this team before you loose control! hardaway was a steal!!! shumpert is not a knick now???? please stop making foolish moves to amend something so simple!! shumpert is the problem! nate robinson was not a good knick guard either!!
Jersey Boy::The New York Chump Chucker's lose another game. Loving every minute as Dolan's Chump Chucker's  allow the season to slip away. That's what happens when you have amateurs operating a Profession Sports Franchise. The best is watching NY Knicks Fans spend insane amounts of money on a product that is not worth a penny. Since the fans are too stupid to boycott the place. I have resigned myself to be a Knicks hater because of Dolan & how he operates the business. I remember when the KNICKS were great. I still can see Frazier bring the ball up & the Knicks playing unselfish Basketball. It was a thing of beauty. They beat everyone because they played unselfish. Team first. The group played cohesive ball. Everyone knew there role.  Not like this collection of misfits. Classic Chump Chucker's.
William::3 star guards that can play 30 minutes a game! good shooters who can penetrate, create and shoot free throws! break down defenses. bargniani, Anthony, martin, stoudemire will have easy buckets. but your offense complicates themselves! your team should be 12-3 not 3-12. do not get insulted but think and readjust your team!!! best of luck!!!
Bobby::Acquiring Carmelo for essentially younger talent with much more potential was a huge mistake on the Knicks' part. 8-22? Inexcusable. JR Smith, the 4 year contract man: 5-13, 1-7 from 3. Absolutely pathetic. Both Carmelo and Smith are ball hogging cancers that need to be removed from the team. Denver moved on and now it's the Knicks' turn to move on.
Barry::Melo has 40 minutes logged and doesn't have a single assist.  That is a career summary right there and why the Knicks will never win anything with him.
dreik::The New York Knicks is bound to win the Draft Lottery. Denver is very excited...
Haven::When the Knicks were one of the worst teams in the league, they should have been rebuilding and collecting youth or draft picks. But Dolan traded multiple 1st round draft picks for 3 months of washed up tracy mcgrady LOL. Dolan is desperate for attention. He'll never ditch Melo, Dolan is a disgraceful loser.
Haven::The sad thing is Dolan and the Knicks will NEVER do what Denver did and move on from Melo, Smith and even Woodson (who also is offensively incompetent and just plain stupid, predictable). Dolan wouldn't even rebuild when we sucked, kept spending huge dollars on washed up big names, do you think he'll ever want Melo gone and risk losing money? I'm hoping Melo leaves on his own. LOL he probably thinks we're afraid of that or something because he's so full of himself.
Truth Be Told::45 Shot attempts (28 bricks) and 1 assist in the last 2 games combined for Melo. So comical that Knicks fans chant MVP at him with a straight face.
dreik::Mike Woodson should be fired! He is so stupid to let a well recognized BRICK LAYER to take a clutch shot!
