theclown13::This was a whoopin the knicks will never forget!!!
jt8776::Has anyone had the thought cross their linsanity infested mind that the Knicks just aren't that good?
Walkon66::The Knicks are so inconsistent, lol. Last night Melo and Lin decided to take the night off while amare actually played well. In other big games, amare has been shut down while lin and melo have stepped up. If all three can have good nights and novak/smith get hot, the knicks are one of the best teams in the east.
Tekmin17::Jason Kidd is the dirtiest player ever to play the game
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Lmao Kid even sees that "NO ONE" looks at Mavs as champions, wonder why. It took 10 seasons of 50+ win seasons to finally get 1. That just proves even a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then.
kujhac::But that 1 sure did sting didn't it Blunder fan? Wish I was as clairvoyant as you Jeter007. bwahaha
Derek_Jeter007::Dallas will never win another.  Props to them for at least getting 1...
localsfgiantfan::So does Melo just make the team bad or what? They played better without him
RyanCarranza::How in world is NY this bad with Amare, Chandler, Melo and the forgotten star JEREMY LIN!!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Phil will not coach again, well not in NY. Hes a ring chaser, and we all know the Knicks are not even a contender or have a chance. Not when the east has teams like the Bulls ( the east best) and heat (second), heck they are the only teams that can contend. Don't get me wrong their is some teams that can be a wrench in the machine, but they can't bear the top 4 from the West. East only has the Bulls and heat and no other teams that are even a small threat v
Derek_Jeter007::Ryan-   That is the $$Million Dollar$$ question.  How the heck is this possible?  Why can't Mike D get his act together and make this team a contender?  I know we should give him some time, Spolstra in Miami almost lost his job last year and it ended up working out great.  I hope this is just a case of us needing more time.  If by year end Mike D doesn't get this together, he will be gone.  I hope at that point that Phil Jackson will return the Knicks to GLORY!!!
HipNip2009::It hasn't work out very well since Melo returned.  But, it's a conundrum.  If they kept playing Lin for over 40 minutes, there is no doubt he would have worn down by the playoffs.  He's kind of going through it now.
nomercy2182::D'Antoni is a horrible coach. If he can't find a way to produce with all these talents, he needs to go. He doesn't discipline his team to play defense, or correct their defensive mistakes.  Carmelo is very frustrated. He realizes he can't change his game, now that's there's a point guard running the offense
knicksfanlin::Jason Kidd is a $@%!$@%. Shame on you!
yale203::ESPN's verdict on Lin: prognosis positive:  http://espn.go.com/new-york/nba/story/_/id/7653318/new-york-knicks-jeremy-lin-weaknesses-take-time-correct
Kabuto1979::mmmmm chx noodle soup... yummy
PutYouOn::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcQbogFZUaQ&amp;feature=related  GETTING CRAZY
patrickfinn70::The Knicks are the best joke in basketball.  All the big names, in the biggest market, laying the biggest egg.  I hope you fire D'Antoni, so when the next coach fails, you will begin to realize your "stars" are paper tigers and you were doomed the second you brought LaLa's husband in.  In my best "Soup-$@%!" voice:  NO CHAMPIONSHIP FOR YOU!!!
yale203::Even with his fair-mediocre last few games, Lin's stats this year put him in the top 10 guards, for sure.
yale203::Bro--I am sick of reading about how Lin is washed up or not good or at the bottom of the league point guards.  I am just putting the truth out there.  Sorry if you can't handle it.  Lin's stats in nearly all categories, except turnovers, put him at average or better point guard.  In points and assists he is in top 7.
PutYouOn::KEEP NUT GRIPPIN
patrickfinn70::I think we are finally seeing a $@%!$ in the armor.
PutYouOn::YOU NEED TO GET A HOBBY OR A LIFE INSTEAD OF PREACHING ABOUT LIN 4REALL U SOUND PATHETIC
PutYouOn::CANT BELIEVE U KEEP PREACHING THIS...AND U DO IT AT RANDOM TIMES SO PEOPLE DONT SAY NTH NEGATIVE..IN UR DREAMS KID
Ryan 2161::That's apparently 'quite an adjustment' for Melo to play with a top PG
Ryan 2161::Seriously trade him already. Melo and Shumpert for Kaman and Ariza. Kaman's 14 mill comes off the books at the end of the year anyways
Ryan 2161::“I think anytime you go from the early part of the season, just having the ball and me just having the ball and being the distributor, and now just running the wings and waiting for the ball to come to me, that’s quite an adjustment for myself"  But wait! I thought at the end of the day basketball is just basketball! You can play with anybody Melo! You're 'Top 5'
averagesteve::nah all they need is just a little fire from melo. everyone's quick to jump on the melo and lin hater bandwagon. i don't see how the knicks can make it anywhere in the playoffs without melo. he's not playing good ball now, but look at his entire career. he'll snap out of this funk.  yeah, bd had good minutes last night and they shouldn't have taken him out, but he's defnitely not the old all-star calibre bd. his shooting is terrible and he's been just as turnover prone as lin. shumpert, novak and, to a lesser extent, jeffries, are the x-factors that can really take the knicks somewhere but d'antoni has this strange habit of taking players out when their hands are hot. why the hell did they bench novak when he single-handedly brought them back in the game?
Prof. Knickerbocker::The problem isn't Baron vs. Lin or Fields vs. Shumpert, it's D'Antoni not being able to coach.  The game last night was won, but he makes substitutions to take out players from the 2nd squad in the last 4 minutes, who were responsible for the comeback, and lost the game.  Lin is a good player, not great.  But, the Knicks don't have any great players on the team.  What they need is a great coach.  I'm hoping Dolan sees this and removes D'Antoni for next season and Bring in Phil Jackson.
Duane_Wade::Knicks vs. Celtics:    Jeremy Lin= 32 minutes = -9    Baron Davis= 22 minutes= +11    OPEN YOUR EYES
Duane_Wade::Knicks vs. Mavericks:    Jeremy Lin= 33 minutes= -11    Baron Davis= 15 minutes= +1    MORONS
Duane_Wade::Knicks vs. Heat:    Jeremy Lin = 34 minutes= -19    Baron Davis= 14 minutes= +5    BUT, BUT, BUT, BUT... Linsanity...
juicyj2400::lin had 14 and 7 and like 2 to's...in he missed some shots but so did the whole team. he will be fine
Duane_Wade::PLEASE MIKE!  START BARON DAVIS AND IMAN SHUMPERT.  REGULATE LIN AND FIELDS TO BENCH WORK.  PLEASE.. what's the use... he won't do it.
rashidrashid::u already know he wont they just going to blame Melo...
World Champs t y Dirk::Linsanity is over.  He was only hyped up by TMZSPN because he is white.  Huh...Wait...What the @#$%?
rashidrashid::Lin is an average player who didnt have no one to compete with him at the point spot so he looked good honestly this guy has a lot to work on ,,dribble,ball controll,strength,his whole game Dantoni should be fired for his coaching style which is not New York style of basketball we need someone who can coach talent...this guy Dantoni is a loser i hate my team because of this guy
GatUchiha1::Really dont know why people who arent Knick fans show up here and bad mouth the team. Some people just dont have lives
prrrdo::NY is a below average team.  With a couple of  players that can't be coached.
yale203::yeah the stats really show he is below average.  the only thing he is below average on his turnovers.
rashidrashid::i agree...we need to put him on the market and see who we can get...
Zeus_Impaler::Well, it may be too late.  Like they say - sell high.  I think they should've traded him to Portland for Raymond Felton
Zeus_Impaler::He's a below average player, not average player
BeezyBates::Kidd put a handful of Lins hair next to his ring in his trophy case.
Duane_Wade::The New Orleans Saints need to put a $15,000 bounty on Mike D'Antoni.  15 grand alive, 30 grand dead.
yale203::Lin will explode with points tonight.  Tune in and watch him light up the court !
gourley47::The only explosion Lin will have is in your mouth, Yale203!
Zeus_Impaler::LMFAO.  The Linsanity really died didn't it   He's the 30th best PG in the NBA
BeezyBates::Kidd brought Lin back down to Earth. Literally.
Redsockkiller4life::Dantoni has to go.....
Duane_Wade::I can't understand for the life of me why LANDRY FIELDS STARTS OVER IMAN SHUMPERT?  IMAN SHUMPERT PLAYS DEFENSE BETTER THAN ANYONE ON THE KNICKS NOT NAMED TYSON CHANDLER  Mike Dumb'Toni: "But... I like Landry's offense..."
12hoopa24::ok...you say thats a fact. But u didnt put any facts up
12hoopa24::Im not disagreeing wit you, but u say Fact but didnt back that statement up. you didnt give any facts. ijs
12hoopa24::cause Shumpert is a scorer by nature, so he is better matchup coming off the bench with Novak &amp; Davis....with them 2gether you have a point in davis, scorer in shumpert &amp; a shooter in novak.....nice combo off the bench....
Duane_Wade::Shumpert is a defensive player by nature, scorer 2nd.  Fact.
World Champs t y Dirk::Shumpert was a defensive beast last night.  I havent seen that much energy in a while.  I didnt even know who he was but i thought he was very impressive.
rashidrashid::coaching by Dantoni the norm for this loser
gourley47::Confucius say, "It is good to meet girl in park but better to park meat in girl."
PeterD94::He was a real cut-up that Confucius!
oa92000::I see lin go somewhere to team without "start players" next year, he can do better &amp; sign big money..
yale203::no he can't.  he is a restricted free agent.  if the knicks want to keep him they can for about $5 million.
gourley47::I love this one!  Clearly we are sterotyping oa92000.
kujhac::Man who run in front of car get tired.
JohnnyBlazers::Here's the deal - The Knicks, like the NY Mets will NEVER EVER win another title until they get rid of their current ownership.  Dolan and the Wilpons are along with Dan Snyder and Jerry Jones the WORST owners in all sports.  The Knicks get Stoudamire, who looks like he has an athritic condition looks he's 80 yrs old all of a sudden - he cant jump and has no explosion left, at least not what he had.  Second, Melo has, and is not, nor has ever been a "Franchise" type player - it  is not a coincidence that the Knicks play better when they have Novak on the floor who can stretch out the defense. Third, Melo and Stoudamire play basically the same position, small forward - they may say Stat is a PF, but his game is that of a SF.  Quite simply, the stars of this team are mismatched, overrated qand looking increasingly old.  Lin is a good player and had a run for the ages but he would be a good backup on a championship squad, nothing more.  He might get better, but I see a weak handle, is kind of slow on his first move and he gives up the dribble and gets trapped way too easy.  He needs to lift some serious weights and up his basketball IQ.  Knicks have to try and move Melo and get something for him while they can, further, the coach has to go - championship teams do not turn over the ball as much as the Knicks do-that is attention to detail and that is on the coach.  Knicks are all hype - ALL HYPE.  Get an owner who gets real good basketball people and let them do their job - Oh wait, Dolan got rid of Donny Walsh after that $@%!$@%! trade last year, already tried that - We need a new owner!!
yale203::lin already has bulked up by 30 pounds.  he can't do much more without getting top heavy.  doesn't want too much muscle mass.
Chase4theheisman::good game Carmelo
rashidrashid::yeh it Melo fault blame Melo ...Matter of fact Melo should go to Chicago,Heat,or Pacers ,hell have a better chance winning there here in New York people say Lin is better than him after playing 7 games to your 7 seasons let alone Kobe even saying Melo is the best scorer in the league but here in New York we have Dantoni who is so F4#$%3 wack i swear ..so yeah we should let Melo go so we can win with Lin....everybody swear Lin can win us a chip by himself this guy cant even protect the ball
Eatin Turnips::Carmelo Anthony, Feb 21    "I want Jeremy to have the ball, hands down," Anthony said Monday night after going 3-for-10 in 31 minutes with Lin on the floor in New York's loss to the Nets. "I want him to create for me, I want him to create for Amare [Stoudemire], I want him to create for everybody and still be as aggressive as he's been in the past."    Carmelo Anthony, March 6    “I think any time you go from the early part of the season and having the ball and distributing and now waiting for it to come to me, it’s quite an adjustment for myself,’’ said Anthony, a minus-18 and 0-for-3 from 3-point range.”
BeezyBates::Minus being completely shut down by the Matrix
BeezyBates::Hey Lin whats the court taste like?
yale203::Pho is awesome.  Had some great Pho in Ho Chi Minh City not long ago.
kujhac::............he works for Vietnamese rice noodles.
BeezyBates::No doubt my mom has a nasty crotch! Get er boys!  But seriously. You mad?
WorkForPho::and by that i mean all the black d!ck that been in her. how u turn out white is a wonder to science
WorkForPho::no doubt like ur mama's rotten $@%!$
Duane_Wade::Jason Kidd: "We are the champs, we deserve the calls.."  *Flagrant 2 Foul by Jason Kidd*  Ref: "Shooting foul, two shots"  Jason Kidd: "YEAH!"
World Champs t y Dirk::Really?  With your tag name you should never comment on refs.  Ever.  2006 Finals Pinche
rashidrashid::Time to fire Wack Dantoni
Duane_Wade::NICE NONE FLAGRANT 2 CALL ON JASON KIDD
kujhac::Lin=foul
WorkForPho::they should come up with a new stats on lin...how many times he has gotten foul by hits to the head.
PutYouOn::TOP 10 POINT GUARDS?
Space is SG::Ny blows and melo stinks
RCNBA::Coming from a Mavs fan Lin is good. He is not as good as people make him to be but he is good. Dont hate Lin though. Its not his fault that ESPN and some fans have blown his talent out of proportion. He is out there playing the game he loves and is not asking for the spotlight he just keeps getting put in it which now is making him look over rated
WorkForPho::Finally someone makes a real point. All you haters are mad at the fact that other people ex. espn, bandwagon fans jumping on lin. Lin has nothing to do with all this hype he just wants to play. BUT....comon the guy was cut by 2 teams undrafted and was about to be cut again. He ALMOST single handed brought the knicks back into the payoff picture!!! And he did this coming off the bench, playing barely any mins or even having much  PRACTICE with the guys. If he was a first round draft picks...just saying he would never get all this attention, it would be something that we all expected.
yale203::Precisely.  I doubt Lin wants all this hype.  Imagine being a relative unknown and OVERNIGHT not being able to go anywhere without being mobbed by cameras.  His life isn't his own anymore.  He didn't ask for it.  NY media overhypes everything.  Now he will have to wonder if women are after him because of his fame and money or just because he is a good guy.
yale203::I agree...Lin is a solid player by no means a great player yet.  Time will tell if that will happen.  However, his stats in his first 8 games or so were spectacular.
World Champs t y Dirk::If your going to make smart sports comments I am going to have to leave this TMZ website.  Oh.... Wait......Wtf?
blueline__123_x::reasonable, lucid and logical statement....well done
nycpratl::is anthony the next paul pierce, former troublemaker, made his teams worse, then sacrificed to ultimate team player, reliable crunch time star or the next marbury?  he needs to decide.  quickly.
Eatin Turnips::Did you notice how he just seemed to check out last night?  Pouting?    “I think any time you go from the early part of the season and having the ball and distributing and now waiting for it to come to me, it’s quite an adjustment for myself,’’ said Anthony, a minus-18 and 0-for-3 from 3-point range."
rashidrashid::ill pout too if the coach keeps me on the bench all the time reguardless im having a bad game or what....Dantoni sucks deserved to be fired
nycpratl::actually at nba level it's business.  serious business.  successful players treat it like a business, taking care of their bodies, constantly looking to improve their games.  $20m/yr is a lot of money.
Eatin Turnips::Agreed.  It's basketball.  He's been playing all his life.  It's not that hard to figure out...
nycpratl::turnips - that's the immaturity.  he needs to get his head straight and dedicate himself to being a professional, consistently.  or end up like marbury.
jeff hester19::Paul Pierce plays defense
nycpratl::hester, to my point.
blueline__123_x::I'[mn going with marbury mode..............he has not matured as a player in 8 years..pierce figured it out much sooner
gr8st23::testing...
mark35345::Mavs are good enough to absorb Odom's horrible shooting. But the Knicks aren't. Davis and Anthony went o-everything at the three point line. Fields played like the not quite fast enough guard he is - and JR Smith could score a lot in china but...none of these guys are helping Lin or the Knicks.
blueline__123_x::JR is a shooter, some nights he is on, more often he is off, buyt he still gets his shots no matter what...he and melo togehter are a recipe for stale offenses
nycpratl::blueline - good point although worth putting in context why knicks signed amare.  james had rejected them and they had to make some statement.  amare was the only "big" name free agent willing to sign in nyc; dolan scared away the rest.  so they overpaid $100M, uninsured!!.
blueline__123_x::the proboem i see with Amare is the knicks signed him to be a star, he is not...he was a beast when he was a role player, but he is not going to carry anyone
Eatin Turnips::Which is why neither one of them is still in Denver...  Knicks FO needs to learn a lesson from Nugget's FO.  Denver seems to be doing a lot better w/o MElo, Chauncy, KMart and JR than Knicks are doing with MElo, JR and Chandler.    Should have taken Amare and left the rest alone.  Just my opinion.
yale203::Lin is sixth in steals per 48 minutes for point guards.
oa92000::I see lin go somewhere that team without "start players" next year, he can do better &amp; sign big money..
schrandt::steals are a sign of playing well?  career steals leader was defensive juggernaut you know
PutYouOn::HERE LIN FAN:  http://www.nba.com/video/channels/nba_tv/2012/03/06/20120306_fn_whatwebbswatchin.nba/
jeff hester19::He should be with the SOS he's had..
jeremylinbetterthanrosenbryant::top power forwards 1.love 2.aldridge 3. griffin/ again base on moves shooting and not just dunking and have no moves tier list comming up later
jeremylinbetterthanrosenbryant::top 3 centers 1.bynum 2.monroe 3 .howard /this list is base on moves in the post not dunking and dont have any moves...ill give full tier list later
jeff hester19::Where's Noah...Brooks Lopez...or even Roy Hibbert
PutYouOn::YEA MONROE???GET OUT OF HERE
blueline__123_x::we have seen your silly full tier lists before, dont bother
jordan6747::Beaubois dominated Lin, just as he put that d on Westbrook when he got pt...that wingspan is too long
42philip::Beaubois is the man. If it came to keeping beaubois or Jeremy Lin...I am still glad we have Beaubois.
Pusherman3::Knicks went on their run last night without Melo and Lin...just sayin'.
