Devin Baranick::The wolves need to start winning right now if they want any chance of making the playoffs.
Joe Coburn::Great win for the Wolves on the road. See you guys in March at our house.
Joe Coburn::When Rubio starts draining 3's, you know its your night.
Anthony Wing::he only drained 1. thats called a three, not draining threes. dont get carried away
Zach Winiecke::Really good game so far
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Anthony Wing::I love every Wolves win, and cringe everytime we lose. January will be better for me. To be honest--maybe it is being a Minny Fan a little--but im just glad love rubio martin  brewer  and pek are healthy. i love all my guys on the bench--but they are not the deepest or experienced. i hop the wolves have gas left in the tank at the end od the season. i have confidence we will...but thats the x factor in my head...not our record so far...not our defense...not coaching or bad calls.....being healthy and playing full throttle. its gonna be close....
Joe Coburn::Its funny to read all these comments from morons who have no idea whats going on. The wolves have played 5 back to back games this year in addition to playing the toughest schedule thus far in the NBA. They will win 45-49 games this year,as I have said all along.
Matthew Adam Lee::Exactly everyone commenting does not understand that their schedule will be cake from now till April. None of this playing back to back after back to back against title contenders. Kevin love looked gassed and you can see what its like when he actually has a break to catch his breath. Cant wait for our stretch in January.
Joe Coburn::Matthew Adam Lee January is going to be when the wolves move above .500 for good. Very easy January schedule, and the Wolves toughest months of the year are now history.
Joe Coburn::Love is simply dominating Monroe. This might be the biggest reason the score is what it is.
True Cutter::no the score is why it is because minnesota has shot 20 more free throws
Joe Coburn::True Cutter Thats hilarious. Monroe is getting everyone in foul trouble because he can't keep Love in check. Also, I don't know what world you live in, but if one team is just hoisting jump shots while the other one is posting up and cutting to the hoop, there won't be a even foul distribution.
Anthony Wing::True Cutter thats like saying minny is up 20 beacsuse the scoreboard keeps moving---its beacause the wolves keep moving----so much movement--trhats why we got rid of dwill. and thats the real reason we go to the line. movement.(basketball)
Mickey Doherty::Terrible how much things have changed in the past few weeks for the Wolves. I HOPE we can beat a Pistons team on the road, but that seems like a difficult task at this point
Troy C Robinson::How do the Pistons get blown out that bad at home?  27 points?
Charley Doherty::Defense decided not to show up tonight.
Eric Bell::KCP with a spectacular block!
Joe Coburn::Plays like that are game changers.
T Michael Olson::I just kept saying good hustle kid after that play.
Bronya Vogel::I remember back just 2 games in to the season. T - wolves fans where acting like their team was a contender (only people to think that by the way),  and now just to watch them be the same team they have been for years now.  They are just what their record says and that's a sub .500 team. They will never contend as long as they think player like love, rubio, and Martin  can get them to the finals. They are good players but but not great,  in this league you have to have some great player to contend. Look at OKC, Miami, and the Spurs all have great or better players. Like KD, Westbrook, LeBron, Wade, Parker, Manu, Duncan (not so great now). T - wolves are just a sub.500 team and will be for years as long as the brass keeps thinking the way it has been for years now.
Steven C Niska::Only Wolves fans thought (think) they're good? Take a look at this: http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/9866749/
Steven C Niska::And the "problem" you described isn't a true problem. Their true problem is that they haven't drafted particularly well, but one could argue that getting screwed each and every year in the lottery has something to do with that. The problem you stated is why the NBA isn't as attractive as it could be. No elite-level free agents will come to play in Minnesota, period. They all flock to big markets.
Steven C Niska::Then look at the parity in the NBA. Who's winning? The same teams, year-in and year-out. You know how many championship teams since 1984 were NOT repeat champions in that time frame? ONE (Thank you, Dallas). You know how many of the 67 NBA championships haven't been won by the Celtics, Lakers, or Bulls? 28!
John Osaki Jr.::Big win for the Wolves! Big-time Ricky Rubio and Kevin Love fans, checkout both players in Dominique Wilkins chapter and Blake Griffin's projected rankings in the new new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Jesse Huber::I still can't get over how Derrick Williams scored 31 points last night. Even after a nice victory in Detroit, I'm just left wondering, where is this franchise going? The # 2 overall pick does nothing for 3 years and suddenly he's scoring 31 points on another team.
Cory Nope::Uh....williams has dropped 30 on another team in a TWolves uniform. Love WAS out, remember.
Chris Paisley::Cory Nope Love was out a majority of last season, and D Will most definitely did not play that well then
Jesse Huber::Cory Nope - I know D-Will had a rare good game in Minnesota, but c'mon, we just traded him and now he scores 31 points? How? If he goes on to have a good career as a legitimate scoring option, it'll be very hard for me to accept that. It's like, did he just not try so he could get out of Minnesota? Did the team not use him properly? I find it very hard to believe Rick Adelman couldn't figure out how to use him properly, so it has to be that Williams wasn't trying. He better not turn into a good player. It's like David Ortiz all over again.
Eric Bell::Nice start for Jennings. 4-6 in the first qtr, 2-4 for 3's, 2 assists, 1 steal. Josh Smith has been good as well, 4-6 FG, 1-2 on 3's, and 3 boards.
Zach Gorge::Josh Smith is shooting the most three's of his career at the lowest percentage since his rookie year. Not a good sign.
Jim Nelson::I hope Dwill averages 25 and 10 the next 10 seasons, the Wolves deserve it after the terrible trade they made...
Adam Blevins::Jennings is a waste of good talent, he needs to discipline himself and turn the ball over less.
Joe Coburn::I guess I'll post it again. Wolves win 103-92. Not looking to good so far with the scoring amount.
Jake Gibbs::11 point road win against Detroit? Seems like a lot to ask for.
Charles Simpson-Brown::Jake Gibbs 27 point win lmao
Philip Wilson::Horrible game tonight by the Pistons to say the least. Hopefully they can get a win down in N.O.
Charley Doherty::As much as we love Greg Monroe in Detroit. Kevin Love just showed why he's not elite.
Cory Nope::"But we cant trade him because were supposed to hand him a max extension because......"  The Pistons would be 3-4 games above .500 had they traded Monroe for a perimeter shooting SF/SG- after signing Smith. Im still worried that Dumars is going to go full retard and try getting Rudy Gay off of Sactown. That relationship isnt going to last long.
Timothy J. Casey::Monroe's gonna have to step it up, Kevin Love is doing whatever he wants right now.
Anthony Wing::no blocks for minny---but 5 blocks against us.....we can not jump.
Darryl Micou::Detroit takes the Wolves out of their game 2night. Pistons 106 Wolves 98
Joe Coburn::Wolves need to stave off one last run here when we put our back ups in to start the 4th.
