Cyril::I still like Kevin Love, but he is now 6-25 on three's in his last 5 games.  He's averaging six attempts a game and only shooting 33% from beyond the arc for the season. He's shot below 30% on three's in 9 of their 17 games. He needs to spend less time behind the line and more time working in the post.  The amazing thing is that he is still pulling down 4 offensive rebounds a game despite spending so much time on the perimeter.  Imagine how many more he could get if he wasn't shooting so many three's.
Rab::The idea of the game of basketball is to put the ball through the basket according to the rules of the game! One of the fundamental rules of defense, don't allow the player with the ball to drive the baseline! Another rule of defense, box out your man! If you start the game lacking energy, try some B-12, B-6 and Folic Acid for energy!
elemental1::South Park (also known as Greg, Bob, Barney, Davey Crocket, Michael Scott, and Turd Ferguson) is a full-time Minnesota troll and a highly disturbed individual. His usual MO is to trash Minnesota teams, along with wishing cancer or leukemia on people or hoping the other team dies in a plane crash. Do not mistake him for a fan.
Anton::Bench was the difference. Denver is 12-13 inches deep.
Dan::More pathetic defense from the Wolves tonight. 60 Denver points in the paint. Pathetic. No points from the Wolves bench in the second half. Pathetic and inexcusable. The schedule doesn't get much easier with Dallas, OKC, SA, and Miami coming up. Ouch. At least the Gophers won today. Smirk.  Minnesota!
Zombies Rule.::Kevin Love needs to quit shooting so many 3s
WISCO::T-Wolves getting exposed for being way too slow and unathletic.
Bob::The nuggets are really starting to play into Coach Shaws style of play. They can only get  better. Coach Shaw doing a great job with match ups and rotations.  Got them playing within themselves. Go Nuggets!!
Amir::Denver finally starts to look good with  weaker roster than last season,.
PKM::Nuggets would be a 3 seed in the East
