pippen will destroy any perimeter player::fact: celtics rather play the heat instead of the bulls
poodagg::bulls are lackluster even with rose!
yardog59::Fact:  The Heat would rather play anyone than the Bulls.
pippen will destroy any perimeter player::for the first team ever im a knicks fan in the first round
tcrowl3::Bulls in 5
bloodymik1::You will like me better when I let my hair down  -Joakim Noah
yardog59::That's what Lebron James said!!
Road dog Red::we want Da Cows..WE WANT DA COWS
zo9292::shut up
Road dog Red::THE TICS WILL DUMP atl IN FOUR...THEN WE'LL GET  OUR STEAKS...WELL done
Road dog Red::be AFRAID...very AFRAID
Road dog Red::The Celts are gonna kick the Chicago Cows a.s.s.es....you don't want to play us...
yardog59::They won't get past Atlanta.
yardog59::Get real, dude. They don't sweep anyone. Atlanta takes that old bunch down.
Road dog Red::They do ATL in FOUR
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Dejavu Bulls wont win a thing just like the Spurs.
yardog59::Bulls &gt; Heat; all day, every day!
mrgetmine73::Bull fans seem rather happy but didnt we see this last year
andre3000nyt::The Bulls and Spurs were 1-2 in season record and neither team won the NBA Championship.  They share that in common with the Heat, who mailed in a number of games during the season after promising numerous championships.  So are you predicting a middle-seed team to win it all this year?  Because that's what happened last year.  And what happens last year always tells us exactly what will happen this year.  Heat fans really are idiots.
yardog59::LAST YEAR!!   Bwaaaaa-Haaaaa-Haaaaa   Take a look at your calender, Skippy, tell us what you see.
CandySparker::Be careful not to become Chicago Blues.
nitsua2400::WOW did Miami really lose to the WIZARDS BY 34 even with the big three sitting that should have been easy haha they cant do it like CHICAGO GO BULLS
nitsua2400::now that the bulls have locked up the number one seed who are they facing first round of the playoffs? I hope Derrick rose can come back and have a great pre season and then be the playoffs MVP
mwlevine::When is the regular season championship parade Chicago??
andre3000nyt::It's funny how Miami fans deride hard work.  The benefit of the best record is you get the home court advantage in every series from here out.  It's not a guarantee, but it sure makes things easier.  But apparently Miami just doesn't care about such things.  Frankly, I prefer to cheer for a team that doesn't take games off.  YMMV  The Bulls and Heat won the exact same number of NBA Championships last year.
GrizzK4::It's today! Then the playoffs start Saturday. When is the parade for losing by 30+ to the Wizards?
Chicagocold312::when is MIA's ECF parade going down from last year?
ttecza::Finally, the playoffs are here!  Go Bulls!
Bueno477::kobe is the SECOND best player ever. http://bit.ly/IN4fp3 If you think aobut it, it's tru   bird retired after 16 seasons, kobes still unreal in his 16th season   magic johnson admitted kobe's best laker ever   KOBE SECOND BEST
GrizzK4::Bulls rest their starters = win by 30. Heat rest their starters = lose by 30.   Nice.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Great solid ending to season... Bulls now will be battling for that title. These Bulls look ready.GO BULLS!
blake_griffin_is_a_flopper::BULLS FANS YOUR TYPE IS A REG SEASON TEAM YAA DONE
andre3000nyt::Nothing's guaranteed, Skippy.  But we get home court from here out.  That's the reward for having skill and effort show up in the same place.    Regular season team...  The dumbest slur Heat fans have come up with so far.
pspank23::Ha you goofy's will lose to the Memphis
Jaguarcrazyboy::You can shoot a free throw like Shaq... and Shaq could make more!
Mania-Mar::YOUR MOM IS DONE!
blake_griffin_is_a_flopper::EVAN TURNER IS TAKING YOUR LUNCH MONEY BULLS AND THE FANS PICK YOUR HEARTS UP WHEN HE DOES  SIXERS IN 6
andre3000nyt::E-Diot.
blake_griffin_is_a_flopper::SIKEEEEEEEEEE
ddan22::LOL.  Bulls in 4.
trooooowa::sixers 6
chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
fairandbalanced00::It doesn't matter, chicago will get their behinds spanked by Miami again in 5 and bye bye 1overall seed. debrick rose will stink up against the Heat.
Bhill4three5891::and lebrick james will just stink up the 4th quarter as usual all postseason
Chicagocold312::has he ever stunk against the Heat, i don't think so. The lack of a bench will get you guys killed this playoff year, book it.
Madhouse_United::Well for anyone still here, see you Saturday! Plenty of good games that day.
JoseInn Chicago::Later, Madhouse.
Madhouse_United::I still can't believe the 2012 Bobcats got the Worst NBA Team Ever title. The players from the 73 Sixers must be relieved. Sad as it might be, we witnessed history.
FranklinStrut::A few years ago I kind of recall that MJ had a pretty good team. It is hard to understand this piece of history.
JoseInn Chicago::The Nets came close to setting the record last year as well (on a full 82 game season). I'm sure there will be a team that will end up with a worse record than the Bobcats.
morneautwins::Is there any team in Cleveland that isn't cursed with failure winning a championship title anymore? I mean 1964 and no championship title hahaha. That is a very long time ago
Madhouse_United::MEEENMACHINE Smarter , yes !  If you a have guy with a 42 inch vertical leap jump out a 40 story building and a guy with a 22 inch vertical leap who didn't jump from the 40 story building , who's smarter ? ------------------------------ Credibility out the window. Comparing Suicide to Basketball Know-how? Trolls are evolving.
MEEENMACHINE::If you don't understand the context then Rose is a 60% shooter ! Stupid is as stupid does !
Madhouse_United::I don't care what you were trying to say. You honestly couldn't come up with a better analogy?
JoseInn Chicago::<b>U MAD BRO?</b>
CHITOWNBULLS1991::what?
JoseInn Chicago::lmfao!!
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Sixers will be lucky to get to game 6 vs the Bulls. Be careful what you wish for, Evan.
MEEENMACHINE::Get out the excuse box !  Rose shot 40% from the field last Playoffs , being perfectly healthy ! "He didn't shoot as well , because he was hobbled with injuries all year , 7 for 26 is still close enough to 50% shooting "
Sean88142::Rose wasn't perfectly healthy. He had a high ankle sprain all playoffs.
MEEENMACHINE::Rose's high ankle sprain effected his brain , he forgot that he had teammates on his team !
MEEENMACHINE::Wasn't that Derrick Rose who just jumped out that 40 story building ?
fightinillini32::This dude thinks Lin is better than Derrick Rose. Nuff said.
MEEENMACHINE::Being athletic , doesn't make you wise !
D-Nice891::^^lol
fightinillini32::Im sorry, what?!?!
MEEENMACHINE::Smarter , yes ! If you a have guy with a 42 inch vertical leap jump out a 40 story building and a guy with a 22 inch vertical leap who didn't jump from the 40 story building , who's smarter ?
Madhouse_United::I hope that Cleveland gets the #1 pick so that our Division can be more competitive. With Irving and Davis they would have a bright future.
fightinillini32::I still want the Bobcats to get the pick. 7 wins is baaaad
fightinillini32::Yeah well I kinda feel bad. i dont think they can keep sucking for four more years. No nvm they can.
Sean88142::No, 7 wins is GOOOD. Remember, we have their lotto pick in 2016. they have to keep sucking.
Madhouse_United::The Pistons could dwell at the bottom forever if they want :) could care less about them.
fightinillini32::Oh yeah that would. I love Irving. I think he'll be a top 5 PG in the next few years, and thats saying something in today's game.
Madhouse_United::D-Nice891 its a give and take, miami fans get defensive because there are alot of haters. Bulls fans get defensive cause they don't get enough respect. -------------------------- See now we are getting somewhere. I understand Miami gets a lot of static because Lebron and Bosh joined them. I know there are true Miami Heat fans, but they are drowned out by the Bron riders and Bandwagoners. All good teams have bandwagoners. As much as I hate to admit it, there are a couple of fans here and there that like the Bulls simply because of Rose. As for us getting respect, I agree that we don't get much of it but I don't mind. Respect has to earned.
Fredder250::It's the Tebow effect for the NBA.  Except in the NFL, the Tebow effect is an extreme exception to the rule (rooting for a team more than a player).  Sadly in the NBA however, it has become the rule (rooting for a player more than a team).  Maybe that's just the inherent difference between the NFL and the NBA today.
Fredder250::I will give it to you that the Cavs did a horrendous job of trying to put talent around Lebron while he was there, and I don't really blame him for leaving.  But I can never forgive or feel bad for Lebron for how he left and made himself the villain.  If he wins in spite of the controversy he created for himself and Miami, more power too him.
D-Nice891::"bandwagon" fans have always been a part of the NBA. Its more apparent now because of the age we live in. But as a Bulls fan, how many people do you think started liking the Bulls in the 90s because of Jordan? Basketball is a game that can easily be effected by one player, so its easy to grow attached to the best players. LeBron is the most complete player in the NBA at the moment, so of course when he moved to Miami there were going to be a lot of new fans there. Its the nature of the game.
andre3000nyt::They should love Rose.  He works at his game.  He's a great teammate.  He competes like a mo-fo.
D-Nice891::I agree no player is greater than the team. It all depends on how you view the game. I can tell you for sure there are some "bandwagon" bulls fans because of Rose. I have cousins in NY who love Rose.
Fredder250::Well put
Madhouse_United::As a Chicagoan, I was lucky to see my team be the best in the world at the time. I was privileged to witness a dynasty in my city. I support the Bulls because they are my home team and I love the way they play. I loved Jordan Pip Rodman Kukoc Kerr etc, but life goes on. They all leave at some point. The team still remains. No player is greater than a team.
BasketballTensai::brian*
BasketballTensai::Bryan scalabrine shot 100% $@%!$@%!!!!
D-Nice891::I think the Heat will run off about 2-3 chips in a row and then it will be Bulls-OKC in the finals for years..unless Riley trades Bosh for some more cohesive pieces.
Fredder250::Yea the NBA could definitely use a little humility
fightinillini32::The Bulls and Thunder are the future of the NBA. I love them both cuz they're both lead by a classy, humble superstar, which is what the game needs.
fightinillini32::They both set the mold for how to become a great team.
Madhouse_United::They both also built intelligently from the Drafts.
Fredder250::Bulls fan here.  LeBron James represents everything wrong with the new age NBA.  Worship pure talent and to hell with playing as a cohesive team. Don't get me wrong, it would be a tragedy in the grand scheme of things for a pure talent like Lebron to never win a ring, but if he never does, he deserves what he gets.  If he never wins, it will be entirely his fault for creating the circus that is the Miami Heat because of the expectations of "not 5 not 6 not 7", and forgetting to have more than 3 players on a team.  The potential of their bench remains to be seen, as the argument can be made of how Jordan made his teammates better as the years went on.  However in 9 years I've seen no evidence whatsoever of LeBron maturing to the point where he is capable of lifting his teammates to a higher level and win multiple championships.  I'm in no way comparing DRose to either LeBron or Jordan in this argument. But the way I see it, you need 1 bona fide superstar, 1 star, and some pretty damn good supporting cast to win a championship.  IMO, the Bulls have the ingredients to win multiple championships if DRose incorporates Deng and the boys properly by taking no more than 20 shots a game and averaging close to 10 assists.  This may not fully hit home this year, but the lesson Thibodeau is trying to teach them is damn close to hitting home if it hasnt yet.  The Heat on the other hand are a desperate piecemeal of topheavy talent with a supporting cast of children who aren't sure if the parents will let them outside to play.  And they have to win this year if they have any hope of keeping it together even for 1 more year.  Riley himself is hinting that it might be it for them.
Fredder250::Lol book report is due Saturday before game 1
fightinillini32::I read it, now whens the quiz?
Fredder250::It's more of a generational analysis than anything, but definitely something to think about, no matter what team you root for
Fredder250::Lol I dare you
D-Nice891::i'm not reading all of this
Fredder250::Read all of that if you dare
buckeyeindahouse::With this loss, and the Kings win over LA, The Cavs now have the third best chance in the lottery. Good luck to the bulls in the playoffs. And congratulations on the #1 overall seed.
Madhouse_United::Thanks. GL for the #1 pick.
D-Nice891::Look Bulls fans, you have a good young team. Very reminiscent of Jordan's bulls before they overcame the Pistons. But my honest opinion is that they just aren't ready to compete against players like LeBron and Wade in the playoffs. Its a different game. At the end of games, when it really all boils down, the stars make the key plays. Rose is the only one capable of doing that on the Bulls. Miami has two that are still relatively young. Its just not their time yet.
fightinillini32::Thats true and thats why its so exciting. The Bulls have the better all-around team but the Heat have the stars.
Madhouse_United::We'll see. I know that Lebron for the most part will get his and Wade is good, but not sold on Bosh.
D-Nice891::yeah Bosh is inconsistent. Anything can happen at the end of the day. Not saying there isn't a chance. Just don't think it is likely.
D-Nice891::but I think it will be an exciting series.
Madhouse_United::Honestly though, I want to face the Heat in the ECF if that happens. I want to settle this argument. I want to see if the Heat truly do turn super saiyan in every playoff series. If we lose I'll be one of the first to congratulate the Heat, regardless of the bombarding of trolls. But if we win, I'd hope any Heat fans do the same thing. IMO it goes to 6 or 7 either team.
D-Nice891::Lets not get things confused, regardless of what you EXPECTED to happen or how you look back on it now..BEFORE last year's playoffs began, many people had the Heat losing to the Celts second round. The Mavs swept the defending champs, and put the Thunder out in 5 on their way to the finals. They were a good team, it wasn't exactly a fluke. Could the Heat have won? sure. But lets not downplay what really happened. Heat went to the finals with Bibby, Big Z, Juwan Howard, and Eddie house getting significant playoff mins. What do you think will happen this year with a more motivated Bron and Wade?
Madhouse_United::I'm not saying Miami is not capable of winning it all. I am well aware that they can. I just don't get why Heat fans assume things. IMO outside of the Big 3 the threats are minimal. I know you all think having a deep bench is useless, but it helps when those bench players are feeling it.
D-Nice891::its a give and take, miami fans get defensive because there are alot of haters. Bulls fans get defensive cause they don't get enough respect.
fightinillini32::Were they not motivated last year? And lets be honest, everyone picked them to win it last year just like this year.
fightinillini32::Well thats the fans, Im talking about the media. Of course the fans will say no cuz everyone hates Miami.
Madhouse_United::People voted against because they hated the whole Decision fiasco. A lot of people expected them to win, but not all.
D-Nice891::they actually didn't tho, thats the thing, in a sports nation poll on ESPN, 85% of the people had the Heat losing before the finals. I'm really not making that up either. In hindsight, its easy to say everyone expected them to win.
D-Nice891::What happened to the Hulk in the finals last year was LeBron had a mental lapse, Dallas played excellent D, he got out of rhythm, and then the pressure got to him. Do you honestly think that a player as good as LeBron doesn't have the drive and motivation to overcome these things? these players don't reach these levels of success by luck. Plus Dwade has basically taken the last month and a half off.
Madhouse_United::He might have the drive and motivation. But what if he has another mental lapse? No Heat fan before the Finals would have predicted what was going to happen. Just like you are predicting things right now. Can those things happen? Sure, doesn't mean it's guaranteed to happen. The Heat looked poised to take it in 2011. Dallas played better and wanted it more.
cubsbearshawks1221::this is what heat fans tell themselves when they don't live up to their lofty expectations in the regular season.
chuckyg2::See what? Riley break up the 100 million dollar mistake!
cubsbearshawks1221::as i said, heat fans can't talk about the present so they bring up the past or speculate about the future.
D-Nice891::like i said, bulls fans will soon see.
chuckyg2::Not one, not two, not three....
Madhouse_United::Playoff predictions: Bulls in 5 (all close games) Heat in 6 Indiana in 4 Boston in 7 San Antonio in 5 Oklahoma City in 6 Denver in 7 Memphis in 5
fightinillini32::wow. Denver over LA. i like it!
fightinillini32::I can see it happening. LA has been up and down this season.
Madhouse_United::I always pick an upset. I feel weird picking all the higher seeds. Plus, Denver has a capable squad.
MXC23578::Has anyone been to Miami? The place is teeming with d bags.
D-Nice891::what Bulls fans don't understand is that regular season Miami is equivalent to bruce banner before becoming the Hulk...they are absolutely gonna take it to another level. bulls have been playing their hardest all year. That is the difference. You will soon see.
cubsbearshawks1221::that's so stupid. bulls have been playing tough, but injured all year. and acting like the heat just haven't been trying is naive. check the post game from some of their losses to the bulls.
chuckyg2::The only progress the Heat made this year is, they didn't cry after the Bulls tapped that a ss. Lebron came close though!
Madhouse_United::Why do Miamians assume that the Heat will go super saiyan in every playoff series? I hate bringing up the finals because I know that you beat us fair and square, But what happened to the Hulk there? Point is don't assume anything. Nothing is written in stone yet.
chuckyg2::So Dallas must've been f cking SUPERMAN!
markos kolioulis::ask any heat fan why he loves the team and he/she will simply respond with "I LOVE LEBRON"
chuckyg2::Screaming! "You all sucked tonight! Don't f ricking say who you'd rather play if you play like you did tonight, because that team won by 32pts. with their third string! We lost by 22pts. with our second string. Shut the f ck up and GET FOCUSED!" Staring at E. Turner   - Doug Collins
Bullsfan737::Correction hapless 76ers my bad
Bullsfan737::I think i'm getting tired lmao!!
fightinillini32::Oh haha ok.
Bullsfan737::Bring on the hapless Cavs the Bulls are ready for a first round tune up!!
fightinillini32::You know that already happened right?
markos kolioulis::i could care less what knicks fans think or what heat fans think i feel great about our teams chances, s.hit even magic johnson is on the fence now of who to pick to come out of the east
Madhouse_United::Magic is fair in how he judges the teams.
Madhouse_United::Bigger bron rider than anyone on these boards. And that is saying something.
markos kolioulis::broussard is the only moron in love with the heat
markos kolioulis::if meenmachine doesnt get 2012 troll of the year award ill be so fricking mad
52goldfinger007::I vote for Eagles fan of Pottstown.........for troll of the year.....
cubsbearshawks1221::the question is, is this a regular season award or does it extend to the playoffs?
markos kolioulis::i think playoffs should count on this one
lebronFEARSdeng::i wish aiclya would troll more lol
lebronFEARSdeng::yea her, brandon, dem are the only sane ones.........
Madhouse_United::haha she's cool. One of the few cool Heat fans on these boards.
Madhouse_United::Are you kidding? Lomax66 or Antistratfordian get that award.
markos kolioulis::i dunno man its a tossup this year its anyone for the taking lol
lebronFEARSdeng::ill vote for him lol
lebronFEARSdeng::meen--- bulls are number 1, rose was the mvp, bulls are number 1 again this year, thibs coach of the year and should get it again, deepest bench, best defense, and before rose was hurt we were number 1 in almost everything on offense and defense, even with 3 of our best players missing 30 games this season!!!!......please bulls fans cant see u from where we are standing, u gotta alot of work to do to barely compete, i laugh at u dumasses for the stupid crap yall say and i find it entertaining lol, i love it, keep talking ##@@% and the bulls keep rising to the top, because our team keeps there mouth shut and away from camras and are focused on winning while heat, knicks etc. are focused on being liked and want attention, your teams need help......im going to sleep now. wake me up when miami and knicks are relevant again
fightinillini32::Its just not that simple, if it were then you could be an NBA coach. But you cannot.
MEEENMACHINE::Didn't you say last year " Rose got to take all those shots , there is no one else who can step up and make them " ? Knew last year that was BS..Any player that shoots worse then his teammates , can't carry them . Rose also had his shooting percentage , beefed up by free layup and dunks via the The Buls D and Rebounding . Kobe shoots the same percentage as Rose , but with a 1/4 of the breakaway dunks, Rose gets ...Check Kobe's 1/2 court game..Everything over 40% shooting ...Rose's is in the mid 30%. Learn , It's all there :http://www.hoopdata.com/shotstats.aspx?team=%25&amp;type=pg&amp;posi=PG&amp;yr=2012&amp;gp=0&amp;mins=20
MEEENMACHINE::No, I was hallucinating  ! I couldn't believe what I was seeing ! Rose and Westbrook could of been confused for twins last Playoffs !
fightinillini32::You are very confused.
MEEENMACHINE::He is the single reason why they played so horribly last Playoffs ! The Bulls should of dominated in the Playoffs, they struggled ! Because Rose decided to take even more shots, he shot 40% for the Playoffs...How bad is 40% ? The worst team in the NBA (30th), who didn't make the Playoffs, shot 43% for the season !  Understand my point ?  He should use his brain more ! Create , Pass the ball to his teammates , who shoot the rock better then he does !
fightinillini32::No I watch nearly every game and I know what I see.
MEEENMACHINE::You just said you watch Bulls games !  Looks like you just watch Sportcenter ! He makes all his shots and passes on Sportcenter !
fightinillini32::Number dont tell the whole story.
MEEENMACHINE::Here you go : http://www.hoopdata.com/passingstats.aspx?team=%25&amp;type=pg&amp;posi=PG&amp;yr=2012&amp;gp=0&amp;mins=20  Under AR = Assists ratio He's like 40th among 50 point guards(That play at least 20 minutes pg) ..Yeah I watch Bulls games.. You a joke man !
fightinillini32::I see Baron Davis' name in front of Rose and thats enough. That website is a joke. you can take that fat, washed up Davis and Ill take Rose. Numbers DO lie.
MEEENMACHINE::LOL, you're a joke man ... Go to this site : http://www.hoopdata.com/shotstats.aspx?team=%25&amp;type=pg&amp;posi=PG&amp;yr=2012&amp;gp=0&amp;mins=20 Rose is one of the least efficient pg in the game , he also gets his teammates less involved per touch and per his own shott attempts then 90% of the point guards in the game.
fightinillini32::This is where I doubt that you watch the Bulls. Rose does not do that. You are dead wrong about that. And I cannot take you seriously if you say the Bulls can win it all without Derrick Rose.
MEEENMACHINE::Get out the violin ....Rose doesn't have to do crap...They been winning w/o him ! Smart point guard : Drive and see what the defense gives you , if they collapse , kick the ball to your teammates who shoot better then you, especially when there are 6 hands in your face . Don't force, play controlled. Stupid point guard : Drive and shoot at all costs , your so athletic , you can make up a shot , while there are 6 hands in your face . Who cares if those hands were defending other players, you're the main man , because your teammates aren't as good as you, even if they are now wide open . Just shoot baby , shoot !
MEEENMACHINE::If Rose drove and set up Boozer for 20 shots pg and took just 10 shots pg ...The Bulls would be a supremely better team ! Boozer hits 53% of his shots , Rose hits 43% of his shots !  Some math : That's a 10 point lead , with the right guy taking the shots, out of a possible 100% score !
fightinillini32::This is where you're numbers lie. Yeah it makes sense but its not that simple. Rose takes those shots cuz he has to. He is the only guy who can create his shot so he has to bail out the offense and take shots with the clock winding down because they rely on him on offense. And just cuz hes missing them doesnt mean they're bad shots.
MEEENMACHINE::LOL ..Not if he takes the bulk of the shots and forces them ...Do you understand that if he shoots 40% and the team shoots 46% , that when he takes the last second shot to tie or take the lead , that if he passed more , the Bulls would of been up by 6 or 7 points in the first place and they wouldn't need any heroics from him ?
fightinillini32::Yes but what Rose does do is significantly improve the offense. And he does carry the team's offense at times. I do not think that any "average" player could do what he does.
MEEENMACHINE::You put Rose on the Wizards , Nets , Warriors ..They still aren't making the Playoffs ..Get that straight ! Its the Coach , Defense and Rebounding ..None of which has anything to do with Rose . Put any average athletic point guard in the Bulls lineup..They still finish first in the Central division !
MEEENMACHINE::Yeah I watched them , they do just fine w/o him ! They won because of D , rebounding and a smart coach , the biggest reasons why the Bulls win ! Are the Bulls better with Rose ? Sure ! Are the Bulls better with Noah ? Sure ! Are the Bulls better with Boozer ? Sure ! They all individually aren't as significant as the above !
fightinillini32::I'm sorry but this is true, If you knew anything about basketball you would know he makes this team MUCH better. Your numbers are misleading.
cubsbearshawks1221::this isn't last season.  anyone can cherry-pick stats, especially out of injury-laden seasons.  please leave.
markos kolioulis::how many games did the knicks win in the playoffs last year hmm?!?
fightinillini32::Tell me, do you ever watch the Bulls play?
cubsbearshawks1221::on that note, i should point out....the NBA <i>does not</i> reseed. it's one thing to be wrong, but don't correct someone just trying to help you out.
fightinillini32::Im confident, but not that confident.
lebronFEARSdeng::piece of cake
fightinillini32::Celts or Hawks, most likely Celtics.
lebronFEARSdeng::who would the bulls play after 76ers
fightinillini32::You are absolutely INSANE if you would take Jeremy Lin over Derrick Rose. Anybody with half a brain would know that. Anyone who believes that would make a terrible GM.
Madhouse_United::I mean if the trolls are gonna hate on Rose, at least compare him with Rondo or Paul. Sheesh.
fightinillini32::Exactly.
Madhouse_United::Numbers tell a part of the story not the whole thing.
fightinillini32::I cannot believe how blind people can be. Just throw some numbers that says someone isnt good and they believe it.
markos kolioulis::well he'd work good for his team the knicks then lol
xBudRadx::Sixers in 7
xBudRadx::It really is, we're doomed.
xBudRadx::Evan Turner is playing with passion in his veins.
cubsbearshawks1221::that's an even worse argument.
xBudRadx::Our All-Star is healthy
cubsbearshawks1221::....that's your argument? both of the bulls' all-stars are healthy. deng might be a little hurt, but no more than he has all season, and rose may be rusty, but still healthy. not to mention the rest of the bulls could probably beat the sixers without either of them.
markos kolioulis::haha bulls beat the heat twice without rose what did your healthy sixers team do this year again the heat oh yeah got raped every time
Madhouse_United::We'll see. You are entitled to your opinion.
