Kit Ramsey::Pacers are way overrated.
Rasta Masta 33::Please stop dude, as a Bulls fan dont make us look bad
gmskking::Wall wants out of Washington.  He is playing to get out.
Real Deal Beal::You have no clue. He already has asked to receive a max contract in Washington.
Tommy Waddle::pretty clear the pacers are pretenders. nice season but come playoff time they will be at home like usual
packa83wolf4urTrip::actually come playoff time they will actually be in a playoff series smh.... now maybe u meant they will be home for that playoff series, but i doubt it..... some of the teams that they have beat, how dare u say this team is a pretender... the same team that gave the heat their toughest run of the playoffs last year.....
Pacersfan4ever::This guy is a Bulls fan. He trolls everyone we lose to make him feel better since his Bulls are behind us this year. Ignore him trust me
FeFyeFoeRun::Lets make it Simple and VERY CLEAR To All! <b>NOBODY is beating the Heat 4 Times in the Playoffs! NOBODY!!!!!</b>
Kevin Durclutch::KD
Fifty Shades of....MAROON::Like Melo, Durantula was only able to beat LeBron once during the playoffs last year
smokingstogies305::Pacers are not contenders. They'll lose in 5 to the Heat. Knicks are done in the first round.
rparks2361::Knicks are done in the first round? You need to take your meds because you sound crazy!!
GoKnicksGoRangersGoGmen::http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/playoffodds Knicks have better odds of going further in the playoffs
NY10004::With Wall back Wiz have been so good. Exciting times ahead next season if you are a Wiz fan.
Washwiz2::Good news is Wall seems like he really wants to stay and Beal should only help us keep him
Fifty Shades of....MAROON::They still seem like they'd be an around .500 team
spierce0701::Yes they still need to do some more tweaks to the roster but a core of Wall and Beal for the next 10-15 years hopefully ends up that way.
Thomas4202::pacers main players due for a remotivation to win out and pace a firey speed for them there playoffs for its deep we  will go until we hold that trophey up high,"boom  baby!"
Real Deal Beal::Speak English and speak realistically please.
celticsfanbutdonthateme::These Wizards would be over .500 and the Bucks would have the 9th seed if it weren't for John Walls injury. And, if they get a good leathery pick, they can get a rook like Otto Porter Jr
MemberName970::No, he meant leathery. I would have said "juicy &amp; ripe" but leather is good too, as long as its made from cow. You didnt know the actual nba draft tickets were made from leather? Waht a moron..
Real Deal Beal::Lottery you mean?
MemberName970::PACE-ERS-SUCKKKKKK  PACE-ERS-SUCKKKKKK
MemberName970::Knicks&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;pacers  haha
Spurz2013champs::Pacer fan, wth is going on??
jlarson1234::I think you all are forgetting that the Pacers beat the Miami Heat twice this season.
MemberName970::You guys suck just like you did early on haha DONT YOU GET'?!?!?!  YOU SUCK!!
PhillyEaglesfan00::and yet people keep asking if the Pacers are a legit threat to the Heat in the East. Then I see the Wizards gave them a beatdown. The Heat are just gonna coast to the Finals this year, no team in the East can beat them.
Vuffuncio::second day in a row the pacers got Creamed
JohnsonnnL::To the idiots saying the Cavs record is better without Irving. If you knew how to do simple math you would realize 18-34 is a higher percentage than 5-18.
Washwiz2::The difference is that John Wall improved his game to make the team better. Not having a jump shot really made him put time into everything else. Since Kyrie can score he might just think thats the answer to all the problems. Not saying Kyrie isn't great, but his frame looks too small to me. Wall will have a much better career
Real Deal Beal::Either way, they are still just as bad with him as without him. He's a great young player, but he needs to learn how to make his teammates better. That doesn't just apply to him though, it also applies to Waiters. Both players need to pass more often.
JohnsonnnL::That's the thing, people don't look at the whole picture. They just look at the team record without putting things into perspective. Kyrie is only 20 years old and in his 2nd year yet people act like hes a broken down veteran with no room to improve. A team starting two rooks and two soph, Varejao out for the season, and now likely Waiters as well. Had the 2nd worst bench in the league in terms of production, only ahead of Portland until the trade with the Grizzles. I'm sure John Wall had to deal with a lot obstacle last season that kept his team from getting anywhere.
The_JTrain_3000::how could anyone say that Indi is better than NY at this point.... $@%!$@% pathetic
Pacersfan4ever::2-1 win loss vs them and a 30 point blowout vs them. Not to mention younger  more athletic, and deeper. Knicks are good but only if Melo is hitting most his shots.
The_JTrain_3000::LMAO
nuneee2::woohoo!!!
thexdiamond::backin up, backin up,  backin up, backin up.
Pacersfan4ever::Yea im not too down on this "slump". Pacers struggle with fast pick and roll point guards. Wall and Westbrook beats us single handedly. Def worried about PG's shooting stroke since his pinky injury tho.
Pacersfan4ever::Is this a fat joke?
thexdiamond::haha very much a sore loser.  george started going off after his last game of 0 FG though.  i think i'm happiest that hibbert's finally figured things out.  he was so huge to our run last season.
Pacersfan4ever::So winning 5 straight and than losing 2 straight(one vs the best team in the west) is backing in? Man ur too harsh lol.
thexdiamond::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g76DUy7jKY  And in reference to us backing into the playoffs.
barito34::If only we didnt dig ourselves too deep at the beginning we would be playoff bound. Oh well theres always next year, if we stay healthy and John Wall keeps balling watch out!
MemberName970::J-Wall stunting like Birdman! Pacers SUCK!!!!!!!! ~~ Go Knicks!
Hokies540Nats::Well the positive is that it's looking like we are avoiding a first round match up with the C's.  Would much rather play the hawks than C's.  We gotta step it up though, PG scored 2 points tonight, that's unacceptable.
JrueRandallHoliday::George is trash...
therealmikeb_::Jrue holiday and the sixers are definitely making a playoff push tho. Right?
Real Deal Beal::2-24 Jrue Holiday you mean.
Playa_Haters_Club::Wall is finally starting to become the player everybody said he would be when he was drafted........
Kit Ramsey::Losers stats.
redwiznatcapfan::Wall is pretty darn good.
DX_Hoo::Wall is such a baller. If he and Beal can just stay healthy next season, we won't be an easy out for any team.
BealMVP4Ever::Keep the team intact and this squad should make some noise early next season.  DC for life.
John 3663::The streakiness of the pacers is really frustrating. So they go on a five game win streak, and paul george is on fire. Next thing you know they drop two straight and PG can't make a single field goal..
amtrack5::Woah john wall, 16/25 is efficient.  Always knew he had it in him.  Needs more easy assists though, does he have any good tgts other than himself?
Real Deal Beal::yes he averages 8 assists on the year and since the start of March he averages like 9.4
robertgriffinhof::John Wall scored points? We love points.... only relevant stat in basketball.  -ESPN
Effectful::And they won so you can't take anything away from him... He had a good game..
robertgriffinhof::Yeah just making fun of the fact that he has been having a lot of good games overall, but only the ones where he scores a lot get mentioned on SC.  If he gets 20 and 15 it won't get mentioned. Has to get 30 points for ESPN to care.
Kobe said YES she screamed NO NO NO::Better call The Dead files because the Pacers are dead.
Pacersfan4ever::Right the Heat lost to Wiz without John Wall. I guess the Heat are decayed than right?
Pacersfan4ever::Lol dude this is the first time I ever seen you. Pacer fan my a.ss. Anyways my (obvious) point is regular season means nothing, Pacers are slumping yea but not a big deal unless we suck in the playoffs
thexdiamond::The Heat didn't lose to the Wizards right before the playoffs were starting.  Don't say dumb things; it makes the rest of us Pacers fans look bad.
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::kershaw is the greatest
Area55andG2::So what's this below about "pacers suck they really really suck pacers suck they really really suck?"
Timeout1289::Are the Pacers tanking these games to play Atlanta instead of Boston?
Area55andG2::If they are it's a good idea in my opinion. I'd take Chicago or Atlanta over Boston
t casey::Might make sense in the first round, but handing the Knicks homecourt advatage in the second round would be much worse than playing a banged up Boston team in round 1.
Fahim58::Wizards will be a 7th or 8th seed next season, J.Wall is a beast
robertgriffinhof::Over the last 50 games, their record would give them a 4th seed. Just need to stay healthy next year.
Ezra144::more like 4 or 5
squirrelnoiseFTW::I honestly think John Wall is the most exciting PG to watch overall, Rubio is the most exciting playmaker though
taayox::there are a couple of exciting pgs to watch. Curry because of his shooting, Wall as mentioned. Westbrook for his athleticism and intensity. Rose too.
.the point center.::Rosé and its not even close.
squirrelnoiseFTW::he played like half the season, rose hasn't played at all
.the point center.::Ronda ain't playing.
squirrelnoiseFTW::rose isn't even playing this year so he's not even in consideration
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I still think Rondo is the most exciting to watch.
laquisha from vietnam::+1
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Holy Crap! Another amazing game by John Wall. Good for him. Hope for great things in the future.
lews 2066::Pacers will be out in the first round if Paul George keeps playing like this. Clearly reports of this guy being on the verge of superstardom have been GREATLY exxagerated
.the point center.::I tried to tell yal guy averages 19 points. And they talk about him like he can score at will.
Area55andG2::I take less offense now that you go deeper into what you are saying. In my opinion, he can only get stronger and develop better ball-handling skills but other than that his skill set is in place. He could be a 25 ppg 9 rpg 5 apg player, he'd just have to play on the Suns to do it.
.the point center.::Trust me I'm not one of these fans that think butler is gonna be a all star, he just stands,out right now cus he's the most athletic on the team.  I've always said I think George would be great number 2 guy but I don't think he can be the best player on a championship team. I see him more as a Scottie pippen type and I mean that as a compliment.
Area55andG2::wow. And you tell me to lay off when I bring up stats like Jimmy Butler's 8 ppg. The dude is 22. Relax. Back to back crappy games is none of my concerns. He's got an injured finger, just like Hibbert was playing through a wrist injury earlier in the season. Look at the difference in production now.
kyleharris55::Ever sense I seen Beal wasn't going to be a bust, I knew that when Wall got healthy that this team could be one to look out for. Wall, Beal, Webster, Nene, Okafor. Then Sepharin, Ariza, and Temple are a very solid bench core. They might be able to make a run at the playoffs next year after they a couple more pieces in the draft this offseason. Too bad it seems that their fan base is currently non-existent or in hiding.
waterdrinker969::With Nene, Beal and Wall playing, they're 15-7. So we could definitely be a playoff team with them healthy. If you look at our attendance, we actually do alright for having a team that hasn't been so good. If anything, we're in hiding. Of course we'll be called bandwagon fans when we show up if things do turn around but who isn't these days? What do expect from a team that has won only 2 playoff series since winning the '78 championship? Just look at some of the videos from the mid 2000's playoff appearances, we do have a great fan base. If the Caps can sell out like they do (I'd rank them last out of the 4 major sports teams in this city based on how much people care about them...this definitely isn't a hockey city) the Wizards definitely can.
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::ahahhahhapacers whahahhahahha what a joke
Area55andG2::what is?
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::ahahahaahahhahahhahhahaahahhahahhahahah
Kobe said YES she screamed NO NO NO::Ahhahahahahahahagaagaghahhhhahahahahahahaha
blaknickle::Mitch Mcgary needs to go pro
Real Deal Beal::I'd take him. Man the Wiz would be young and athletic...now he needs to work on his FT's though...
lews 2066::Can't be losing games like this to a teams like these heading into the playoffs
lews 2066::An Awful loss by the pacers, Just awwwfuuul
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::bulls lost by 4 with refs against us u guys lose by 20 hahhahahahhahhaahhahahahhah losers bulls i hope bulls play pacers first round make it a quick 4 and then we get rose back 2nd round
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::pacers suck they really really suck pacers suck they really really  suck
taayox::I'll just say this, after the top 5 pg's in the league, there is a next level list that includes Rondo, Wall, Kyrie, Lillard, Williams, Lawson and Holliday. They are all pretty close in terms of rankings. Although some have played at a high level for a longer time than John has. If Wall keeps playing like he is now next year, with just some marginal improvements, he'll clearly be the best of this level and move into the top 5.  My top 5 are Paul, Parker, Westbrook, Rose, Curry, somewhat respectively.
robertgriffinhof::I am really interested at how Wall improves after working with Gary Payton this summer. There are so many scoring point guards, but Wall's defense could help him rise above them all. Learning from the best perimeter defender of all time can't hurt :)
taayox::Yep, and he definitely has the skill set to be a defensive menace beyond just shot-blocking.
CamNewtonRising::The loss of Danny Granger really starting to expose flaws on the Pacers offensively, Paul George isn't consistent enough to be relied on as a go to scorer night in and night out in the playoffs,while Granger wasn't either, he at least gives them 12-16 points each night which makes a BIG difference. Knicks will defeat the Pacers in the Semis, had they had Granger,they would of been a real threat to beat Miami in the ECF
lews 2066::Am not gonna give em the Danny granger cop out at this point in the season. they've played pretty well without him all year, and are not playing their best ball heading into the playoffs
alequito305::Pacers don't wanna face the heat in the playoffs!!! Go heat!!
tehroonieh md::Nobody wants to face the heat in the playoffs. It's going to be a one-sided free throw shooting contest in favor of Miami as usual. I don't understand how anybody can be a fan of the Heat when all you are doing is watching someone shooting free throws for the entire game.
lews 2066::LOL, delusional much! 12 in the NBA in FT attempts, see OKC, Lakers,
tehroonieh md::Wizards man...I don't understand why they are trying so hard to win all these games now. The Wiz need more talent on that team and the draft could help push this team into the playoffs next season. The way they are going, they are going to be the last pick of the lottery. All stars don't come to play in DC, so the only way to get them is through the draft and they are screwing that up now.
waterdrinker969::The draft is so weak this year. Besides, Grunfeld will screw it up anyways. If Wall can prove he can be elite and with Beal looking like he has the potential to become a really good player, I'm sure players would be interested in coming to DC.
robertgriffinhof::Have you ever noticed that the same teams that are at the top of the lottery are usually there next year? Tanking doesn't do anything accept bring a young player into a losing culture. The Wiz started 4-28 and have been 25-19 since. Only way to learn how to win is to actually win.
robertgriffinhof::I get it. I injuries could ruin us again, but the way this team moves the ball instead of going ISO and playing elite defense while having 2 young stars in the backcourt has me really excited.
tehroonieh md::I don't want to get hopeful only to be let down again so I'll reserve any excitement for when they actually play well on a consistent basis next season.
robertgriffinhof::25-19 with games left will be over a 50 game sample. So no, this is not a late season run. They can build on this.
robertgriffinhof::The Thunder started 3-27 and did the same thing before they made the playoffs.
tehroonieh md::The problem with the Wizards is that they always screw up the beginning of the season to knock themselves out of contention and then go on late season runs to make everybody in the organization "confident heading into next season". It's been the same story for years with this team.
mudcreekmark::Team with the worse record never gets the first pick anyway.
tehroonieh md::Well they are going to have the best record of all the bad teams and the team in the 14th position has never picked first to my knowledge. Also, you can thank Stern for that for rigging the lottery.
mudcreekmark::I guess calling John Wall a flop was a tad premature.
