eric kim::Rockets won this game in the first quarter.  Terrance Jones had a great start to set the tone but the first quarter was sloppy.   Rockets took advantage and never looked back.  Bogut had 5 fouls right after halftime.  They traded baskets for the rest of the second half.  GS just gave up on this game. My question,  Why was Howard and Harden still playing in the 4th quarter?  Why  not reward Jones with a few more opportunities and let Parsons get back into the groove.  I know they played the 4th but wouldn't it have been better if they were playing with the bench instead?  #$%$ is McFail doing?   This team gave up.  The teams that don't give up end up catching us in the 4th quarter.  I'm not trying to hate but I'm looking at our team beyond just a single win.
Doze::live by the J die by the J, especially when there's no plan B ... packaging Lee and Barnes could land the dubs one helluva PF, like say L-Train or K-Love ... i'm not saying they're garbage, far from it, but tonite, against a quality team that's dialed in (like for instance, one you might face in the playoffs) you can see just how temperamental a team that relies on jumpshots with no inside force to fall back on (imagine the 06 suns with David Lee instead of Amare', whole different dynamic right? or even GS in the closeout games against SA last year) really is ... yes, their shooting is otherworldly, but there  hasn't been a chip won by jumpshooting alone (don't say Dallas, Dirk was BEAST on the box) ... there are more budget friendly/less-distruptive-of-chemistry options out there like say Gortat (don't laugh, but the BEST PnR big in the league bar none) or Tyson Chandler ... the point is as constructed, the dubs are a long-shot to come out of the West, much less get the chip
jaybo::Hate to say this because I'm a big Warrior fan, but Stephen Curry is a disaster as a point guard. Look at his assist to turnover ratio tonight -- five assists, eight turnovers. That's as bad as you'll find in the NBA, and it's not an anomaly. He prefers the showy to just moving the ball, which is part of the reason that Klay Thompson is so inconsistent. He's why Jarrett Jack is so badly missed in Oakland and not all that big a deal in Cleveland, where they have a really good point guard. Chick Hearn, if he were still alive, would say the mustard is off the hot dog. Until and unless Curry matures a lot, the Warriors will struggle to make the playoffs, probably make them more times than not, maybe pull off an upset like they did last year, and then fade. And how Mark Jackson handles all this could be fascinating.
Seattle Blows!::I'm a huge Lee fan but his defense is killing the team. Iggy needs to get back, i'm hoping he's back in 1-3 weeks, i just hope he'll be at full strength. Curry needs to learn to play smart by not turning ball over and play better D. I wish Lee could transfer his offensive abilities to defense, but he is what he is, and that's a one-dimensional player, only knowing how to scrore. we need a new PF and i say put Lee on the trading block. Go Dubs! got to break the streak of Memphis OWNING us.
harley5571::It's funny how many readers see how J.Jack has affected them and they were an exciting team last year with Jack. How Warrior management missed the "jack" influence is beyond me. As soon as Jack left,  I was like.. what are the Warriors doing?. He WAS key to their success.
White Goodman::Warriors are overrated!
Blue::Awesome win. Finally, our stars doing what they were meant to do.
D. Darqwon::Great bounce back win for the Rockets against a team that is expected to compete for a prime playoff spot. Most impressive is they did it with defensive intensity.  Dwight was a beast on the boards (18) and scoring (22) and he made free throws when he needed to. Harden was his normal self tonight: 34 points, 7 rebs, and 4 assists as well as performing admirably on defense. T. Jones had the spring back in his step and completely outplayed all-star David Lee. Pat Beverley did what he does best and hounded Curry all night forcing him into a poor shooting performance and a game high 8 turnovers. and....WELCOME BACK CHANDLER PARSONS, damn we missed you!  Once this team gets Lin, Smith, and Asik (assuming he isn't traded before then) back and develop a rhythm together I believe they can really make a push toward the top of the Western conference standings.  Next up Orlando. Go Rox!!!
Robert::As a Warriors fan, I have to say that they are probably the most overrated team in the west, and until they get a real coach who can teach basketball fundamentals and prepare them for every team they play instead of preaching and being a motivational speaker, they will continue to be a team just barely making into the playoffs every year.
dreball::alright I've seen enough of David Lee trying to lead the charge, its time to move him or at least reduce his minutes. Also Barnes and Klay really need to be more assertive they've looked very pedestrian of late. The W's miss J Jack a little, but Carl Landry's departure has become pretty glaring recently. Maybe this will all go away when Iggy returns but man they've look real bad for a pretty big stretch now
