Mason Wesley Lloyd::Nate Robinson is pretty much the sh-t.
Ace Wilkins::The Bulls look silly for not keeping Robinson.  The guy has heart and can flat out ball. Forget size, look at production.
Rick Silberman::Tacos!
Nick Loewenstein::Robinson for 6th man of the year.  Go Nuggets !
Al Sotowitz::Bulls fans miss Nate now.
DFresh Watkins::nate rob is the man
Justin Taslak::40 points on 37 FGAs for Derozan and Gay today - just another efficient day in Toronto.
Leon Grimm::I aminprest
John Osaki Jr.::Nuggets fans, check out the great Dan Issel in Dirk Nowitzki's chapter in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Christian Parrish::Ugh, it has to be tough for Raptor fans having to watch 82 games of Gay and DeRozan go one on one every time they touch the ball.
Christian Parrish::My post was deleted by ESPN because I typed in the last name of a player on Toronto's roster, haha.
Craig Keller::that was gay of you!
Daniel Yost::GET THAT WEAK SHIZZ OUTTA HERE!!!! In mother Russia, MOZGOV eats Rudy Gays babies!
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Does Hansborough have eye makeup on or just a messed up eye? haha...
Patrick MacKinnon::He got hit last game and got stitches.
Craig Keller::probably elbowed himself?
Conrad McCoy::A college reunion for Lawson and Hansborough. GO HEELS!
Paul Sutherland::Is Robinson an a-hole?  I don't get why he never sticks with a team.
Craig Keller::bulls didn't need him or benelli, ?maybe they afraid someone will post him up? I seen him block Lebrons shot and he gets alot of steals, he always energizes a team and I can't figure out why either?
Christian Parrish::I would assume it's for two reasons...  1)  He does shoot too much for a PG, and  2)  He is too small defensively to guard players for 30 minutes.  That being said, I've always been a fan of his and hope he does well playing for Denver.
Cory Nope::Christian Parrish Remember when he chin-checked Melo for not having dinner ready?
Steven Anacker::And yet they're still in first. Ha, wow.
Brian Backoff::I took under HUGE and its looking like gold
Brian Backoff::don't start scoring now u fools
Rick Silberman::how is your under bet doing now?
Connor Fielding::America > Canada
Craig Keller::very profound!
Philippe Hartinger::Poor raptors, I watched all the nuggets game this season and was pleased to see us beat New York with their ugly iso carmelo ball. But the raptors are even worse!! It's like they have 4 carmelos on the team!!!
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Nawh, just two. Darozan (I might be off on the spelling) and Gay.
