Ashley Coburn::Adam Olinger, why on earth would the Wolves wan't to put a shoot first PG in the starting line up with the players like Pek, Love, and Martin which in turn also throws another struggling scorer on a back up squad who struggle to score in the first place?
Adam Olinger::Rubicon still puts up 12-15 shots a game, he just doesn't make the ones that JJ would.
Adam Olinger::Rubio
Mel Francis Pacuma::12-15 shots yet his FGA average is 8shots a game?...get your facts right :)
Cali Native::This has nothing to do with the bench.  It has to do with the over and under in Vegas.  When will you guys understand?  The NBA is a show that Las Vegas Controls
Adam Youman::Lol when i checked the box score i thought maybe the game was about to finish. 103-76 3rd quarter are you serious??
Matthew Adam Lee::Kevin love is the second best basketball player in the league.
Adam Olinger::Love ricky, but they need to think about starting JJ.
Josh Hansen::Rubio may not be able to shoot, but JJ doesn't know how to pass.
Adam Olinger::Yeah hes definitely a sporadic passer, and I love rickys playmaking abilities, but these 2-12 shooting performances are sooooo hard to watch every day.
Josh Hansen::Hindsight is always 20-20. but we should have kept Trey Burke in the draft.
Peter Knowe::did bucks not come out at half time?
Trevor Waldie::Go Wolves!
John Osaki Jr.::Check out the potential greatness of Ricky Rubio in Dominique Willkins chapter of the new edition 2013 book, NBA's Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Josh Hansen::I always like the plugs for your book...
Dave Randall::Wolves should take the first half easy -4. Highest scoring offense in the first half and Bucks are 28th...Merry Christmas Happy New Year!
Leo J. Bogee III::Would really like to see the T-wolves start off hot and not make this a grind them out 4th where the Offense is stuck depending on Martin to make a 3 and miss the last 2 minutes.
Steve Tellers::Was Milwaukee expected to be this bad before the season started??????????????
Tony Hartmann::Shocking! The Wolves actually won a road game. Let's see more road wins please.
David Mersault::T-Wolves won a road game?  Oh, it was against the Bucks.  Never mind.
Dave Randall::Bucks turnovers and chucking bricks now
Luke Skare::Wolves didn't show up for the 4th quarter.
Dylan Radke::Well, it's the pitiful bench that the wolves have that didn't show. It's absolutely embarrassing that they had four points almost eight minutes into the fourth. Our bench is the worst in the league.
Luke Skare::Dylan Radke .. Yeah, we won't make the playoffs if we don't pick up someone who can provide solid points off the bench. We have one of the best starting 5 in the league that is plagued by one of the worst bench's in the league.
Jay Weisser::Dylan Radke amazing. You'd think Adelman would give more minutes to the rookies in a blowout like this....yet he does nothing. The future isn't with Cunningham or Shved.....Give shabazz or Dieng a chance. Better yet...don't trade trey Burke for 2 guys you don't want to play.
Matthew Adam Lee::Where the heck is HUMMEL????????
Dave Randall::Don't think Bucks keep shooting 59%
Jarrod Mauren::Wolters gonna embarrass Rubio
Tom Hanson::lol
Dave Randall::Bucks are always bad
Tmobill Cartre::Love will dominate!
Dave Randall::Yaaaaaaaaaa JJ 3!
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Adam Hallet::go bucks
Ruben Melendez::more minutes to Barea
