Ken Molinaro::Predictions:  124 comments during the game.  Raps win: +1421 troll comments Heat win: +45 comments
Steve Ungar::Very close, it was at 112 at the end.
Chelo Mejias::How many games does Miami win using massive ref help??? the refs don't even hide it any more
Giannis Berbeis::all of em.miami has won about 4 games without help from the trio
Steve Ungar::26 so far this year, fool.  Pay attention, you are missing a great team.  I see that road rage causes blindness, too.
Marc Taylor::Ok, so you have a BIG forearm. Question is - what are you going to do about your pea brain?
Haris Khan::Why are all these morons complaining about the refs? I am wondering because that's what I witness after every heat win! In this case Miami should be 34-0 instead of 26-8! I am pretty sure the refs don't grab rebounds and score points! So all these retards on this board who are saying "Cheat,oh the refs helped them" better shut their pie hole! Pathetic losers!
Treyvon Carter::refs did that, refs did this, ya'll dick eating haters lol
Chelo Mejias::Be careful, you know what happens to black guys wearing hoodies named treyvon lol
Treyvon Carter::Chelo Mejias very racist and funny
Chelo Mejias::Treyvon Carter   Enjoy your skittles and Arizona iced tea!
Carter Carey::loling at everyone thinking the raptors are going to win ya'll need jesus
Michael Dewdney::Nobody needs jeebus
Christopher Williams::Okc fans said the same thing :p
Marc Pascal::I bet you were close to deleting this post in the 4th quarter :-)
Bethaney Coultier::refs hand the Heat another game. not shocking
Bill Northrup::That's ridiculous. explain that please.
Chelo Mejias::Bill Northrup   Look at the boxscore of every heat win...massive ref help..take off the blinders!
Steve Ungar::21-27 in fts, with the last 8 being intentional fouls by the raptors.  Road raptors had more fts when it mattered, trolls.
Jabari Akil::Raptors had 21 FTs. Heat had 27, four of which came from intentional fouls. 21 to 23 and you blame the refs? Not the Raptors going cold and scoring 13 points? Wow, hate can really blind some people.
Brandon Tigues::lmao I know..I love it though
Steve Ungar::Actually, the last 8 fts were from intentional fouls.so it was 21 to 19 in favor of the Raptors while both teams were playing even.  Only a Boston fan could whine about the refs after the years of preferential treatment they got.  The Raptor fans here have just said Good Game and moved on.
Ken Molinaro::As a Raps fan I can honestly say the refs did not decide this game, or even influence the outcome.  They were significant in the 1st as they kept both teams in check handing out lots of fouls both ways.
Brandon Tigues::thank you, an objective opinion finally
Marc Pascal::Tough loss. Raptors played really well. Proud of these guys man. They're a real basketball team.
Steve Ungar::Well said, Marc.  They are the hottest team in the east recently, at 10-4.  Raptors played well, and were a cold shooting fourth from beating the Heat at home.
Marc Anthony Fisicaro::The Heat are just better but the raptors are much improved.
Andy P Kordyban::Raps with a respectable loss.
Liam Sibson::What's this? cHeat going to walk away with another BS win?  SMFH Typical. They should be like 20-13
Liam Sibson::Oop, almost forgot...INB4 BUTTHURT>>>>
Treyvon Carter::troll shut up
Jabari Akil::Who's your team?
Steven Rivera::DeRozen 24pts? what happened to almighty Lebron defense ???
Jabari Akil::DeRozan is a 2 guard...
Kervin Vancol::Who's winning?
Treyvon Carter::how many points has he scored in the 2nd half, and wade guarded him 1st half and james guarded him 2nd half
Chelo Mejias::Miami Refs right on Cue, That gambling addiction is paying itself off
Jabari Akil::So the refs made the shots for the Heat?
Steve Ungar::Raptors are intentionally fouling.  Are you even watching the game?
Martin N Lisa::So the refs grabbed a total of 42 rebounds, compared to Raptors 34? Not to mention that Heat scored a total of 43 points of their bench, compared to 15 points from Raptors bench.
Nick Rice::LeBron for MVP again
Adrian Valdez::Refs will save the heat.
Jabari Akil::Oh, you're the type that yaps about the refs every time the Heat come back and win.
Chelo Mejias::Jabari Akil   No, he's the guy that yaps about the truth. Only Heat fans don't see it
Steve Ungar::Raptors are intentionally fouling, the refs are making the right call.
Christopher Williams::I hope raptors win..
Crystal Tiffany Williams::Are u crazy?
Chelo Mejias::Crystal Tiffany Williams   He's crazy because he's not a lebron nut hugger like you?  go back to the ghetto girl.
Taylor Manes::Check mejias as much as I hate the heat...stop being racist...
Martin N Lisa::looks like the trolls are out tonight...I'm surprise for a Sunday night. Any how, anyone know where I can order a M. Beasley jersey? I tried NBA.com and no luck. Eastbay maybe....?
Dakota Jones::Gah. As a Raptors fan this was a tough loss to take, but this shows that we're a top 4 team in the East and can compete with anyone. Go Raptors go!
Christopher Wulfers::is top 4 in the east an accomplishment this year?
Peter Vrouhas::Looks like the Raptor fan base, has recently woken up from a long deep sleep. Or at least they have woken since the Rudy Gay trade.
Bethaney Coultier::Find it really sad that with as much talent as they Heat have they need Pat Riellys paid off officials to save them from the Raptors.
Bryce Morgan::this is why women should be silent.
Jabari Akil::Are you a Lakers fan I assume? And YOU wanna talk about officials huh? I'm sure we watched the same game and saw Miami come through in the 4th quarter.
Chelo Mejias::Bryce Morgan   She's not the only one who sees this. Heat fans don't like the truth
Ulysses Pat Walker::Once again the Heat win and more excuses from the crybabies.  But good game though.
Ulysses Pat Walker::Another win and more excuses from the cry Once again the Heat win. Period.
Bethaney Coultier::and here come the refs handing Miami the game
Kervin Vancol::Just had a player fouled out...try again though.
Alan Ogg::hilarious. the haters GHOST when the heat win, but not before yelling 'rigged' because the opposing teams can't close out a game. but if the heat miss a clutch shot.. ohhh lebron sucks bla bal bla  Heat 2014.
Derek Mustachi::Raps playing red hot team ball making the extra passes and being unselfish. I'm not sure if they're ready for primetime but I think it will be a close game. With no superstars and a smaller payroll everybody would love to see David slay Goliath tonight but ultimately if it doesn't happen you have to commend them playing basketball the right way and having great team nucleus as of late.
Steve Ungar::Well written.  Look who the raptors have beaten recently, they are a good Eastern team.
