Patrick Foote::derozan is an allstar wow
Carlo Castejon::GO MAVS.  NOWITZKI FOR THREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Carlo Castejon::DIRK IS BACK.... GO DALLAS...
Shawn Bento::Giving new meaning to "Craptors"
Christopher Williams::Nope :) Lets go *Raptors!
Billy Vk N::Thats the WINNING "Craptors" to you Mr.Bento
Calvin Johnson::Way to go mavs, we didn't sign our free agents so we could blow leads to the raptors twice in one year. We are happy with one good year, tv shows, blown leads, and fines from the commissioner. We will officially be the cowboys of the nba after dirk leaves in two years.  I feel bad for him we wasted a special players last three years for this.  I am a mavs fan. I can't believe we waited all these years for a decent big man and the perfect match for dirk and we let him walk. Good job Dallas. Smart move. Are you kidding me? Cuban is a great owner but let's face it we screwed this whole thing up the last three years.
Chris Bates::Oh okay negative nancy...SMH.
Dylan M Trost::Bad coaching...The ball should have been in Vince's hand every time down the stretch. Rick should know who always burns the Raptors in Toronto.
Aeron Uchiha::A dirkless game for the Mavs - let us see the rest of the team handles it. Go Mavs!!!
Aeron Uchiha::I hope Carter performs real good in this game. Shane Larkin - it's time to shine. Go Mavs!!!
Mike Woolley::21 point lead down to 6.... Well Done Mavs!
Mark Wurden::It's not just that they blow leads.  What is really incredible is how quickly they blow them.
Robert Reno::Every game for the Mavs its the same old story......half as many FT attempts than their opponent....crapload of TO in the fourth quarter...outrebounded...one big scoring quarter with a big lead,then they blow it...if i recall,didnt this same thing just happen tagainst the Raptors a few games ago?
Matt Elmore::The worst thing New Orleans did this offseason was giving away Vasquez. He's a natural distributor who makes timely shots and brings passion to the game. Toronto should try to move Lowry to a desperate team and slot GV at the point
David Connie Barratt::VC and Calderon  are raptor legends, I hope the crowd in TO gives VC some respect.   Raptors need this wiin, Good teams don't lose more than 2 in a row.  DD and KL need to go off on the Mavs, , Play Big JV.   GO Raptors,
Eric Jones::Very well put calvin Johnson. I feel so sad for dirk. Thanks Mark Cuban for ur stupidness. Should of kept the team that we had.
Ho Lee Fuk::Glad Kd is starting to bring scoring back to nba. I miss the days when kobe use to drop 50 and 40 on regular basis and other stars try to match him
Robert Reno::Since winning the championship in 2011,i think Carlisle has regressed as a head coach
Pablo Juarez::F this. Why sit Dirk against the Raptors? We need him! Sit him against an inferior team....
Remy MacDonald::Huge game for the Mavs. Suns play the Pacers so this is a big opportunity to separate ourselves.
Kyle Pawlak::and possibly make a move up in the standings. GS plays Minn and Port so could possibly lose both. They just need to take care of business
Remy MacDonald::Kyle Pawlak Agreed. Winning in Toronto is never easy
Mark Wurden::Remy MacDonald Result:  Mavs lose to Toronto, while Suns beat Indiana at Indiana.
Chad Robb::Do you believe in miracles?......what a game from Toronto!!!!
Daniel DiCicco::Last time I checked it was 30-13 mavs....  But, good for them boys up in Toranto
Joe Brooks::Dallas is probably the worst team in the NBA playing with a lead.
James Slim::Toronto is. I'm more comfortable with Raps down 20 then up 20
Robert Reno::I am starting to see the resemblance of OJ Mayo in Monta Ellis
Andy P Kordyban::The TORONTO RAPTORS! They are back baby!
Hamsar Sumagka Pagayao::and 0-4 from the FT line. is he sick?
Ken Molinaro::Yes, he has a stomach virus they said.
Ed Peterson::Another blown lead smh
Hamsar Sumagka Pagayao::no dirk? yet raps are down :|
