flopsisback::Could you imagine how terrible Griffin would be if the refs were to actually call him for his shoves, grabs, and elbows?
lakersforlife14::same old story, lakers won season series again
shannon5473::Epic game, here's a nice blog that covers it. http://sportsmediummessage.blogspot.com/2012/04/battle-la-4412.html
windmillslam8music::Bynum was a beast! Kobe closes like no other. Check out my Battle LA post, http://sportsmediummessage.blogspot.com/2012/04/battle-la-4412.html
mwrigley7::Check out my thoughts and analysis of the Dwight Howard-Stan Van Gundy situation and more top sports news here: http://destination4sports.blogspot.com/
mike etheridge::next time we play the Lips i hope gasol elbows that clown right in his Hellboy face mad props for the dunk but staring down your opposition all day when u cant hit a free throw is Whack his game is NOWHERE near Pau's as far as all around play &amp; thats why teams are starting to whack him Hellboy needs to work on his game 1 dimensional wonder GO LAKERS
mike etheridge::Scoreboard
stupidcrazycat::Bynum shot another 3...was it at a end to a quarter?
Michael081201::End of shot clock.He had to.
kirkadem57::clippers just dont have the height  in the middle to go far
RicoSuave925::Lets go Lakers!
lamriverside11::Ramon sessions VS CP3!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDXdnZpxqQ4
thekeywork2113::Clippers celebrate dunks, LAKERS celebrate Championships :)
its me the original::lakers&gt;clipers
Lex Lugar.::"It was one game. Griffin owned Gasol. I only care about the dunks. It's one game. Sometimes the scoreboard doesn't matter. "  Reading comments like this make me wonder why I even come here expecting to talk basketball
laker4ever007::But what you expect from lame flippers fans? they have nothing more to talk about than Blake's dunks...there is nothing to compare about the 2 teams, one is Team that every other team dreams to be and the other one...well, they are the clippers...what can you say about them?
Lex Lugar.::Ever notice Laker boards are always dead after a win?
laker4ever007::If the flippers had won it, they  still would be bragging about their first series win over the Lakers on how many years? but this is still a Lakers town and they are still the same old flippers...Go Lakers 4ever!!!!!!!
jcmaggi::All the haters are gone.
laker4ever007::jcmaggi - All the haters are gone.  I second that one!
UCLA ORIGINAL::PEARLJUNKIE; Sometimes the scoreboard doesn't matter? Is that what you typed? WOW!!!! You were the kid playing jump rope with the girls and every time you got all tangled up you said "ooopsy, redo please mother may I" or something to that effect! You were the kid who wore a sweater when it was 74 degrees! You were the kid who kept his training wheels on till he was in 7th grade! Score board doesnt always count, ha ha ha! SEE WHAT BIENG A fLIPPER SUPPORTER HAS DONE TO YOUR REASONING AND APPROACH ON lIFE. Your a funny dude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UCLA ORIGINAL::Crissy Paul a crybaby-dirty player, goes back to when his socked a dude in the nut sack in college and then pulled Paul Pierces shorts down in a late game Celtic inbound play with the game on the line. So so so glad we kept both our bigs and have Sessions now. Thank you you old dirty scheming Commish Stern!
watchDreplay::Blake is such a bit**. They should call offensive fouls for his dunks. He's pushing off people.
ustna::Grow a pair you pansy
esfahany::Clippers fans, time to scatter between San Antonio and Oklahoma .........how funny....
I WANNA DUCK JULIE::I STILL WANNA SMASH JULIE NO $@%!
Lex Lugar.::yuck
dfuse310::Lakers conversations 5000+ never fails. Everyone hates them but always talks about them.. HAHAHA
shoepimp01::Clippers &gt; Lakers 0 Championships &gt; 16 Championships 108 pts &gt; 113 pts Dunks &gt; Win Couple of plays &gt; Scoreboard Kia &gt; BMW
shoepimp01::No I'm just portraying a Clipper fan.
esfahany::Lmao
esfahany::What are u, a moron?
shoepimp01::I'm Blake Griffin.
xJayRx::i thought the clippers were better than the lakers ?? everybody wrote the lakers off when they lost 2 pre-season games to the clippers. how pathetic
milw-jay::Did Gasol kick Griffin's dog ?  Steal his girl?   Insult his mama?    Something was up
esfahany::No, the gorilla was just jumping around....no smarts nor intelligent ....just jumping around jack...
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Clippers are the most overrated team in the NBA  and Blake can only dunk.
milw-jay::Griffin does have career avg of 22 pts 12 boards and 4 assists, shooting 52% from the field.  He's a little more than just a highlight reel.
earlealston::And since dunks are considered high percentage points, no coach in the NBA complains when their player goes on a bashing rampage. Only the fans of players who are on the wrong end of those moments complain about them.....and of course Kendrick Perkins. lol
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::52% when you only can dunk. He couldn't do anything on Gasol but dunk last night.
Irate Customer::Lakers &gt; Blakers
perljunkie::Some of the best "use up", in-your-face, embarrassing dunks I've seen since Patrick Ewing got used by Scotty Pippen in the 1995 playoffs, with his "groin dunk" on Patrick Ewing.  GOOD NIGHT did he destroy Pau Gasol.  2x in one game too.  WOW.
Michael081201::They were offensive fouls. Refs should call a fair game but know that doesn't happen in the nba.
laker4ever007::flippers fans please keep on dreaming on Blake's dunks, we, in Lakerland, will keep on dreaming on Championship parades on Figueroa, and I guess that's what this game is play for, to win Championships!
perljunkie::You know Lakers fans always come up with something dumb.  Per the usual.  It was one game.  Griffin owned Gasol.  I only care about the dunks.  It's one game.  Sometimes the scoreboard doesn't matter.  I don't even know who won the game when Pippen posterized Ewing...  Who cares?  But everyone remembers the dunk.  Stop changing the subject and trying to save face.
UCLA ORIGINAL::sometimes the scoreboard doesn't matter? Is that what you typed? WOW!!!! You were the kid playing jump rope with the girls and every time you got all tangled up you said "ooopsy, redo please mother may I" or something to that effect! You were the kid who wore a sweater when it was 74 degrees! You were the kid who kept his training wheels on till he was in 7th grade! Score board doesnt always count, ha ha ha! SEE WHAT BEING A fLIPPER SUPPORTER HAS DONE TO YOUR REASONING AND APPROACH ON lIFE.
elibird123::^^^ Dumb comment
earlealston::^Die-Hard Laker fan since Kobe started winning again...and when Kobe retires, "die-hard" Thunder fan.
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Lol only little boys remember the dunk. Us laker fans remember the championships and wins.
Blakemg1::got to find something positive to talk about in a loss, I guess.
dodgertodd88::Easy to posterize a guy when you throw your elbow into his jaw.
ustna::qq. Wahhh
dodgertodd88::And then you look like an @$$ in your poster.
johndoe5699::First thing Pau Gasol should have done this morning when he woke up was file a police report with the LAPD, then head to an STD clinic for a checkup.  because he got raped twice last night.
DidYouSeeThat36::Reminded me of Shawshank Redemption, dude got raped multiple times, but ended up winning...fitting
johndoe5699::Blake Griffin better hire a good defense lawyer.  Because he is looking at 15 to 20 years after the multiple rape he committed last night.
cschmollinger11::Clippers should go back to San Diego.  Either revamp the Sports Arena or put a package together for a renovated convention center to include a court.  Lakers = LA's team.
dodgertodd88::No no no. Just move them to Anaheim. Tell Orange County to grow a pair and claim their teams. LA/OC sports rivalries would be cool. Anaheim Angels and Anaheim Clippers. OC has good fans.
ustna::Go back to your beastiality website.
cschmollinger11::Hey its the guy that posts to and about everything.
Callan72::The refs should stop trying to high-five Blake Griffin and start calling OVER THE BACK fouls.
perljunkie::I loved the dunk, but it does prove that there's "over the back" and then there's "over the back."  I agree he should have been called -- highlights the inconsistent foul calling we're getting year in and year out by the NBA refs.  But it was still spectacular.
Michael081201::Bynum should just plant his $@%
ustna::qq
shoepimp01::Form is temporary. Class is permanent.  Lakers &gt; Clippers
ustna::Andy is a slightly above average center. Most centers suck today and he just happens to be one of the few that aren't horrid.
BayAreaZ::At what point does Bynum get some MVP consideration?  Definitely the Lakers MVP this season...
elibird123::I could have swore that Kobe had 31 points and account for another 12 points with his 6 assists? Meaning Kobe was directly responsible for 43 points. And didn't Kobe also, assist Bynum for some of his points as well?
3PeatKB24::Yeah just like Shaq won all 3 of Kobe's first 3 Titles by himself and Pau was a better player than Kobe in 09 and 2010 and now it's Bynum. These Boards have become comical lately.
DidYouSeeThat36::No, they always been against Kobe.  That will never change.
ustna::Lol
shoepimp01::I just saw this poor lady get side swipe by a car. Blake Griffin was standing over her staring her down.
ustna::2/10
megan87119::So you were standing beside Griffin and staring her down,too?
megan87119::If you saw the lady, why didn't you help...
shoepimp01::I'm the one that called 911. They asked me if Blake Griffin was already there.
jcmaggi::If you listen closely late at night, you can still hear the clanks of the Kings' 18 missed three pointers and 14 missed free throws from game 7 of the 2002 Western Conference finals.
BayAreaZ::Those Laker teams flat-out stunk it up. Can you imagine their playoff results if the league didn't let Shaq just run over everything in his path?  Definitely would have never got out of the first round...
Michael081201::Hmm like Griffin.
jcmaggi::They always ignore the fact that the Kings were +33 in FTA in games 2 and 3.
JEGRAY53::Kings 97 Clippers 91.
megan87119::Ha that is funny... It could happen...
ustna::I can't believe some of you losers are STILL on here several hours later. Pathetic.
cschmollinger11::I think everyone missed the poster's sarcasm and making fun of himself, but hey we all can't have our panties in a bunch can we?
musingmike::...because sarcasm is so evident in typed words.
BayAreaZ::I'm at least in the middle of scaling Half  Dome right now, give me some credit...oh, crap, hang on, just ran into an eagle nest...
shoepimp01::Your right, I should go back to work. I guess I thought I was a city/government employee. I'm no 1% er. No five hour lunches for me.
megan87119::I know... You should.
boom.shaka.::You gotta love the "you have no life because I see you here all the time" posts
musingmike::....so what does that say about you as well? Btw, I just got on here and this is my first post on this thread. i'm just amused by stupidity
megan87119::What about you? Pathetic!
megan87119::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! LAKERS BEAT THE CLIPPERS!
shoepimp01::Dear Sweet Baby Jesus please give Blake Griffin the gift "he" really wants microfracture surgery.  Oh yeah and a Kia Sorento
Michael081201::Next time GriffIn jumps over someone THEY SHOULD JUST DUCK AND WATCH HIM CRASH.
shoepimp01::OHHHHHHHHHH SNAPPPPPPPPP! There went my knee!!!!!!!!!!!! Hey Blake Griffin how did you get here and why are you staring at me?
BayAreaZ::This guy is about to get the same karmic kickback that Gregg Williams got...
ustna::Time to give up.... You are just not funny
megan87119::ha! that is so stupid!
boom.shaka.::lame
BayAreaZ::Really funny to see the league do whatever they can to bolster the Lakers' chances this year...  Take the refs away, LA is about 5 games under .500 right now. They just suck...
BayAreaZ::Those Laker teams were trash. Give the ball to the big fat kid with no moves, since the refs just let him run everyone over...
jcmaggi::must hurt to have lost to the fat kid.
BayAreaZ::Nah, I'm just tired of the games being run by the refs instead of the players.  The Laker 'showtime' teams had some great squads, they won without any major help.   You can't say that about any of the Laker title teams since.
DidYouSeeThat36::I remember it different, who won again?
JEGRAY53::No player in the league could touch MJ please dude forget about it.
3PeatKB24::If the Kings dont blow a 24 point lead in Game 4 they go up 3-1 and it wasnt the REFS that game either, Lakers were hitting everything in that 4th Q. Horry hit the 3 that turned that series in reality. Kings shouldve rebounded the ball instead of tapping it out to Horry.
jcmaggi::2-20 from 3 pointer in Game 7.....yup, profoundly better.
JEGRAY53::That's why they lost? OK
jcmaggi::Kings in games 2,3 and 5 were +43 in FTA
BayAreaZ::Sac wins the series in 4 or 5 games with real refs. They were just profoundly better than that Laker squad...
BayAreaZ::That's true, but Bird got his share too...  What bugged me about Magic was when they let him take 5 or 6 steps on his drives...
jcmaggi::Seriously dude, give it up. The Kings were +19 for the series in free throws. It's not like you guys didn't get your FT gifts, Game 2,3, and 5 were gifted to you and in game 7 it was your missed 14 free throws that messed you up. You had your chance, the refs called the games the way you wanted them called so you could handle Shaq and Kobe, you got your opportunities at the line and you CHOKED. Deal with it.
boom.shaka.::BayAreaZ - Nah, I'm just tired of the games being run by the refs instead of the players.  The Laker 'showtime' teams had some great squads, they won without any major help.   You can't say that about any of the Laker title teams since. ===== LMFAO -- Magic Johnson got ALL the calls.
LA_is_better::Awww... still sad the Vlade bunch couldn't pull it off in '02?
shoepimp01::Finals what are you people talking about?????? Dunks MAN DUNKS!!!!!  Sincerely Blake Griffin  KIA pimp
cschmollinger11::What flavor hatorade is your favorite?  I heard purple is good.  I am a devout Laker fan, but give the man some respect.  How quickly would you trade Barnes and/or World Peace for Griffin?
Michael081201::I would take him about as fast as I would take the Queen Lebron. Hate that dude.
DidYouSeeThat36::bad point then, Blake is supposed to be franchise player.  Neither of the 2 you mentioned are.
cschmollinger11::That's the point.........I'm saying Blake is better than both of them combined.
KATSUP1::Barnes or World Peace? Not saying much for Blake.
Purp-n-Yellow::Lakers v OKC in the west finals
JEGRAY53::Battle of  LA what battle Clippers move back to San Diego.
boom.shaka.::Don't look now, but the Lakers have the 5th best record in the league.  They're so done.
Michael081201::I would say as a whole the refs really call a bad game.Not allowed to play D anymore.
BayAreaZ::I know everyone will spew out nonsense about the Chris Paul trade, but the NBA has done everything they can to pull strings for the Lakers for years.  You kids are too young to remember this, but one time the Jazz signed a past-his-prime Gail Goodrich as a free agent. NBA gave LA THREE first round picks as compensation. Total insanity.   Take away the refs and the help, LA has maybe 10 legit titles...
JEGRAY53::Take away your comments and you may make sense.
BayAreaZ::Nothing has ever been as close to as blatant as '02 and '10....  Boston wins that Game 7 by at least 20 with decent ref'ing.
JEGRAY53::Boston lost because they could not make shots! I guess Kevin Garnett was in on the fix!
3PeatKB24::FT differential wise 04 Finals was the worst statistically speaking, look it up. Nothing I say here is going to matter anyway because you are like talking to a wall, cant see both sides of it.
3PeatKB24::I can say 04 and 08 was fixed then? You have no point! 04 vs Detroit was really ridiculously in favor of Detroit regarding the REFS and Leon Powe shot like 20 FT's in 1 of the games in 08, fixed by your thinking.
jcmaggi::That's what I'm saying, how come it's fixed when the Lakers get some calls but when everyone else gets the calls "those were earned."
BayAreaZ::Ralph Nader actually wanted the series investigated. The NBA really looked bad after that, it was pretty blatant...
DidYouSeeThat36::Must be hard after all these years.  Let it go.
BayAreaZ::That actually was a brave move by Nader and you can bet he wouldn't have said anything if there wasn't something really wrong...
JEGRAY53::So Chris Webber was in on the fix?
jcmaggi::Cause Ralph Nader didn't have a vested interest in expanding his image as a "people's" candidate for the 2004 elections right?
BayAreaZ::The smart Laker fans know it was fixed in '02 and '10. There just aren't many of them.
jcmaggi::It was SOOOOOO fixed, that in the deciding game 7 the kings shot 30 free throws. GTFOH.
BayAreaZ::The Kings fix was probably the most blatant sports fix of all time. Sacramento wins that series with absolute ease if the ref'ing is legit...
JEGRAY53::All they had to do was make FT's.
jcmaggi::Other than the fact that the Kings missed 14 out of 30 free throws and made just 2/20 3 pointers. Yea, refs sure fixed that one.
BayAreaZ::What record did they have when Dallas swept 'em last year?
BayAreaZ::No, I'm not buying the one that says you're really intelligent...
boom.shaka.::BayAreaZ - Not to my thinking. But I don't always fold in to believing what the status quo says... ==== But you do believe conspiracy theories.....curious.
jcmaggi::Funny how haters always fixate on when the Lakers shoot more free throws, but when a nobody like Leon Powe shoots more free throws by himself than the entire Lakers team in 2008, they seem to conveniently ignore it.  Hypocrites.
boom.shaka.::They really hate it when you remind them the Kings shot more FTs for the series in 02 as well.
BayAreaZ::Not to my thinking. But I don't always fold in to believing what the status quo says...
3PeatKB24::We cheated the Kings too in 02 Right? Blah, blah, blah. How about the 2 series in 04 vs Detroit and Boston in 08 both those teams shot twice as many FT's as the Lakers for the series! It works both ways.
BayAreaZ::They might have tried, but it's tough with Boston winning by 36...
JEGRAY53::Get over it they won.
boom.shaka.::BayAreaZ - They won from the game being fixed. More FTs in the 4th than Boston took all game...  Two of the refs had strong ties to Donaghy. Fact. ==== Then why didn't they fix it in 2008?
BayAreaZ::They won from the game being fixed. More FTs in the 4th than Boston took all game...  Two of the refs had strong ties to Donaghy. Fact.
jcmaggi::Right, why wouldn't they count 2010, it's not like they won it or anything
BayAreaZ::one title...you're out of your mind (or from LA) if you count 2010...
3PeatKB24::About the same record they had when they won 2 Titles in a row.
JEGRAY53::That was last year.
jcmaggi::over the hill, washed up, bit the big one
mirecat 917::lol, the Clippers are gonna use all their anger on the Kings tonight.
mirecat 917::Chris paul needs to get the game over early.
GermanKlippa::Yeah, he should be a lot more agressive on the offensive end even or especially in the early gooing to put lesser teams much earlier in the game.....I don´t need nail biters ALL THE TIME..... Anyway, it still is:  Go CLIPS.....!!
GermanKlippa::Yeah, exactly...... Get an "W" vs. Sactown into the column line.  Go CLIPS.....!!
mirecat 917::This would be a fantastic playoff series.
BayAreaZ::until the refs stepped in and gave the Lakers the exact amount of FTs needed to win Game 7...
cschmollinger11::Same sad diatribe from you.  Cry more and see how that works for ya.
jcmaggi::Kobe is 2,008 points from surpassing Wilt for 4th on the all time NBA scoring list.
BayAreaZ::I heard they're going to build a statue of Kobe outside of Staples.  Out of bricks.
DidYouSeeThat36::Good post, shows hate and humor without crying about refs...like you always do
KATSUP1::I'm a Kobe fan and I thought that was funny.
3PeatKB24::I'll say 3rd. I dont see him catching Malone or Kareem.
mhsmustang1::kobe will retire 2nd or 3rd all time depending on how long he feels like playing.
boom.shaka.::Gasol was joking about the forearm shiv after the game - saying he probably should have just let Griffin go but he didn't want to give him an uncontested dunk.
