mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
schubes05::How is a starting PG only averaging 1.5 assists per game???
TheRydog3::Isaiah Thomas really sucks....
nba is the worst::Spurs back on track - now let's see if they can win the road B2B in Portland
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Timmy D dominating.  Simple as that
Chad86159::anyone with the name smoke lets me know immediately why he hates on fredette.... its the same reason the team hates on him.. that team is a$$.... just because u say fredette sucks, doesnt make it so.... worst player on the court.. lmfao... against memphis last in the sec quarter alone, he scored 16 points on 6 for 7 from the field, and dished out 6 assist... in the sec quarter alone... he rallied the kings from down19 to down 4 at the half... he never saw the floor in the second half.... fredette started 4 games last year and averaged 16 ppg in those 4 starts,  and shot a whopping 60% from 3 point range.... directly after those four starts, he had to endure back to back dnps....  ive seen time and time again fredette go nuts, only to get abused by his sorry ace coach... in camp, some of fredettes non racist teammates were going on rec saying he was the best player on the court... yet that got rewarded with preseason dnp's... last game he finished the game for once.... scored in double figures, and guess what, the kings actually won a game... he was rewarded tonight for that great play with 4 measely min of action... jump in a creek smoke... ur just like jimmers teammates.... hating for reasons that have nothing to do with basketball
AustinBeal::Kings could make a pretty good deal if they traded jimmer to Utah. Utah would go crazy if they had their BYU hero
mosesbyu::Actually, went to the Jazz vs Kings game. Jazz fans booed Jimmer when ever he touched the ball, bunch of classless Utah Ute fans.
TheRydog3::That would be a good deal for anyone. The Kings don't need him, they need to find someone who does and get something out of it
REVRAND2::The kings are pathetic! Try running an offense and playing jimmer! A bunch of idiots running around playing one on one ball will never work!! Plus it's not fun to watch!
SaudiK::From peoples comments they would rather watch the kings lose for the rest of the season..anything but play Jimmer. They hate Jimmer and he doesn't even play. Ridiculous.
DAVEEVERTSEN::Question: Is racism a problem in the NBA?
ImOldschool1964::racism exists in every facet of society.  People are flawed and i don't care who you are, somewhere, some way you've been infected with racism.
No-account drifter::True on my team, too, but it was just a twist on normal racism. The white coach just couldn't believe that a black kid could be bad at basketball.
SaudiK::You gotta be damn good to be the token white guy on an all black HS team, but you can be a pathetic baller and be the token black guy on a mostly white team. Just sayin.
SaudiK::Racism is a problem in high school basketball for sure. There were kids on my high school team that were there because they were black not because they could play. No white kid is getting on the team cause he is white..thats for sure! LOL
anewman513::Jimmer is the Tebow of the NBA.  Jimmer apologists are unstoppable.  Look, if you love the kid so much just wait 3 or 4 more years and you will be able to buy a used car from him in upstate New York.
buddyps159::Jimmer is the best player on the kings, one of the best in the nba if he gets more minutes
SaudiK::Also Evans has gotten worse every year he has been in the NBA...check the stats.
SaudiK::By the way here is Evans line for the season .355 FG percent	.167  3 point Percent....and they shouldn't play Jimmer because he sucks?
SaudiK::So the answer is to just keep doing the same thing? If he is lost or scared that is a coaching issue, they haven't instilled much confidence in him. The kings are so pathetic to watch that Its almost not worth watching. Both wins were at home and they barely won. This team is going to be TERRIBLE this year. The fans at the game and including myself at least get a little excited when Jimmer gets in. Evans is a predictable ball hog that is frustrating and boring to watch. Id rather root for Jimmer to take 40 footers...at least that would be more entertaining.  I don't see why its delusional to put a scorer in a game on a team that is destined to lost most of its games this year? If they are going to lose one way or another why not play him and see what happens.
smoke916::Listen I am a Kings fan and would absolutely love to see Jimmer become a great player for this team but the fact of the matter is when he does play he is one of, if not the worst player on the court. Sure he occasionally plays well but most of the time he looks lost or scared on the court. I was actually happy when the Kings drafted him but he definitely hasn't proved that he was worth a 7 pick and to think that he could make this team better if he plays more minutes is just being delusional.
SaudiK::You seriously would rather watch Evans play and lose than Jimmer...come on. Id much rather watch the Kings go down with Jimmer playing than Evans. Evans is not a winner. How can you say Jimmer is terrible when the Kings suck and he barley ever plays. Let someone else take control if this ship is sinking and see what they can do. The NBA is so boring. Teams will go with their starters and lose all year long and not give the other guys a chance. What about Lin...he was never going to get PT until the coach wanted to save his job...and things worked out.
smoke916::Oh I watch the games friend, do you? I have also seen how poor Jimmer plays when he gets a chance to get on the court. The reason he plays limited minutes is because the only thing he does consistently is play bad defense and turn the ball over. Just face it, Jimmer isn't that good of a player and he definitely isn't better than Evans.
SaudiK::Evans plays for himself. No bigger ball hog on the team. for him its numero uno and the everybody else can suck it. Jimmer was never given a chance from the get go. He reminds me of Enis Kanter with the Jazz or . If they would let that guy play he would tear Shiz up.
SaudiK::He gets 18.6 minutes chopped up and not consistent. Do you watch the games. No way to get in a rhythm when your in for 1.5 minutes then taken out and then put in.... Come on .  Evans plays D????!!! ha thats pretty damn funny.
smoke916::But that ball hogging thug named Evans plays defense, something Jimmer doesn't know a lick about. Plus when Jimmer handles the ball he turns it over. 1.8 assists to 1.1 turnovers in 18.6 minutes last year. Sorry Jimmer fans, you just need to realize that he isn't that good. The reason Jimmer doesn't play has nothing to do with the Kings or the coach, it has to do with Jimmer not playing well when he comes into games.PERIOD!!!
SaudiK::Tebow got a chance to play.  Plus if were going to lose anyway, id rather have an average NBA player like Jimmer than a Ball hogging thug like Evans on the court.
EarlDean60::Fyuk you and $@% that no playing jimmer
bluekaze21::duncan the stat leader in ALL categories today except assists. good gracious, old man
SaudiK::He's got another 5 years left at least. Still tearin it up.
SaudiK::Lets see, Kings beat Detroit by 2 and Golden State by 2 (both were home games!) the rest are losses. If they get to 20 W's this year it will be a miracle. Coach has got to go and a trade needs to happen.
Texicano10::We beat golden state at our home we're going to win the title!!!  -lakers fans
Texicano10::We beat golden state at our home we're going to win the title!!!!! -lakers fans
gt1master_ike::Duncan took these young bloods to school.  Class was in session all night long.
ImOldschool1964::And about playing TEAM ball....this entire Kings team is about one on one ball...it's disgusting to a Spurs fan who knows how a TEAM plays ball.
smoke916::These young bloods need to realize that this game was and always will be about buckets.
trevorcabo::Why do all the King fans want to blow Jimmer so bad. His 38% shooting last year? His complete inability to guard a lamp post? His inability to find 10 minutes of playing time on one of the worst teams in the league? Or just because he is white?
bertlewis32::The assist to turnover ration is bunk. How often does Jimmer make a fine pass only to have the recipient take some low percentage bone headed selfish shot, or even worse miss an easy shot. The problem with the kings is they have a lot of players all trying to do too much on their own. It shows a lack of leadership from the coaches. There is no team cohesion so all individual players feel it is up to them to carry the team. Jimmer would excel playing for a team that has an established Identity.
Chad86159::jimmer cant ball... says a scrub ace poster... $@%!.... they is a difference in nash finally getting to a non racist team in phoenix where he could flourish, as opposed to fredette getting stuck in basketball purgatory.... idiot.... how much love did nash get right off the bat in the nba... not much... rarely does a white player ever get to a spot where he can be the hhic... head $@%!$@ in charge...
DAVEEVERTSEN::93% of the African-American community voted for Obama. Fine. But it does demonstrate that racism is alove and well - and even in basketball. Larry Bird would have NO CHANCE in today's NBA.
No-account drifter::The mean among the four main racial demographics was about 70% for Obama. By other demographics, larger percentages of blacks would tend to be Democratic regardless of race, So it might be that the relatively high black % for Obama tells us less about racism than the relatively low white %. A simple look at the red-blue national map tends to confirm the notion that white racism played a large role in the election - and possibly also affects what people are willing to believe about Obama against the weight of all evidence (for example, government spending has grown more slowly under him than under any President since Ike, and actually shrunk as a % of GDP - something no Republican since Ike has managed).
JonathanGeorgeRD::DAVEEVERTSEN - 93% of the African-American community voted for Obama. Fine. But it does demonstrate that racism is alove and well - and even in basketball. Larry Bird would have NO CHANCE in today's NBA.  - Right just like Steve Nash would never get the respect he deserves and an MVP. No one's racist against white guys that can ball, Jimmer can't ball.
SaudiK::Why you hate'n on Jimmer anyway you cant blame him for the losses...you should be pissed with Evans(he is a ball hog and 80% of the reason when they lose).
SaudiK::Seriously...if he wanted to keep his job(he will be fired by the end of the season) he ought to try something different. If you go to the games, the fans want to see Jimmer. He is actually pretty exciting to watch even when he is off. If you listen to NBA commentary about his game you know he is NBA level talent. But come on why not switch it up if all your guards do is lose game after game.  Let the Jimmer have the ropes and at least see what happens.
DAVEEVERTSEN::Look at the attendance numbers for this season. People vote with their feet adn with their $. Kings have nothing of value for the fans...its sad really!
DAVEEVERTSEN::Agreed. Mr. Fredette is class and poise...passes the ball...complements his team members even when they dont deserve it...complements his coach when he doesnt deserve it...and he does play decent ball.
No-account drifter::But flipping to the other side, Fredette at least seems to have some sense that it's a team game, something greatly lacking on this underachieving roster.
No-account drifter::Piling on, last year, he was in the bottom 10% among PGs in assist ratio, ranked lower than even his puny PER. He'd be no better than middle of the pack among SGs, if you think of him that way. He's also among the lowest in "usage" - meaning he doesn't have the ball a lot when he's out there. It's more fair to say he just doesn't demand the ball than that he passes it. All that adds up to a win share per 48 that was the lowest I've ever seen (haven't found any site that ranks all players by that).
trevorcabo::Averaged less then 2 assists a game lat year in just under 20 minutes a game 108 assists in 1135 minutes in 61 games
SaudiK::He got mostly inconsistent garbage minutes last season. He hasn't been given a chance yet.  They had a terrible season last year and are getting off to a bad start this year. Why NOT give him a chance? Why go with the guards that are getting the PT and not winning? At least with Jimmer we would get a show  when we lose. Id rather lose and see a few 40 foot 3's than Evans ball hogging the hell out of the ball and losing by 20.
DAVEEVERTSEN::No...he is trying to match-up player for player and he cant. What he has is a very fast 3-guard set which has been the best line-up so far this season, but he continues to try and give guys who cant pass and cant gel together playing time. If you watch the games, there are rotations consistently with alot of chemistry and Smart is trying to get his favorite rotations to perform as well...and they consistently arent. I sense a coaching change coming in 3-4 games...
trevorcabo::My guess is coach is trying to keep his job and wants to put players on the floor that have some level of NBA talent. Granted, that is not much
robdiaz2191::so is matt bonner, trade those scrubs
TheRydog3::Trade them for Jimmer...
Texicano10::That's what I'm saying! If spurs can trade bonner Blair and maybe mills for okafor they could win the title
robdiaz2191::dejuan blair is garbage
TTBurton::Peace out. This was my last time watching a kings game. I have wasted my time this year and won't do it anymore. Players like cousins are worthless and deserve no fans.
AustinBeal::down worry, they'll be somewhere else next year
sport medic::More epic?  Timmy literally flipping off lady recording him with her cell camera at CVS? Timmy figuratively flippping off the Kings?
ImOldschool1964::i gotta say the way he made Cousins his "lil b.itch"....Classic epic.
trevorcabo::Kings just traded Jimmer to the WNBA for the rights of Brittney Griner
Chad86159::just got black people on the kings are petrified to play with a player who's jersey sales are greater than the rest of the entire team combined... its simple cabo whatever the f that is... fredette is teaming up with hater nation and being forced to take a bunch of shi% due to the fact that an interim coach thinks its better to cater to 14 haters instead of 1 player.... he hopes by kissing ace to the 14 he can keep his job... job #1 help alienate fredette
DAVEEVERTSEN::Trevor...why you banging JImmer...have a spine. Fact is...the rest of the team sucks and you cant analyze that?
trevorcabo::No question rest of the team sucks and he still cant get any run
TTBurton::Cousins is really good at goaltending though. He will miss watching that in-between time outs.
kirt02::.
AustinBeal::she's the only woman that i wouldn't tell to make me a sandwich
trevorcabo::She's a woman?
ChargersFan4Life001::well I'm gonna go, GG and GL to the Spurs. gn all go kings
GrandmasBoyDawg858::[Hook: Nipsey Hussle] My top off, my seat back Your $@%!$ is in my ear sayin' she need that I'm ballin', she see that If he tells us both she loves she only one of us believe that  [Verse 1:] Listen, no kush, just a gang of folgers Me, my laptop, and my notebook call that my triangle offense That's all I need to keep bringing this dough in Yes I bangin' and I'm boastin', it's a fact I'm the dopest If you don't believe I got some things I want to show you I get $10, 00 a show but don't no record label own him Now check out my sleeve I make your leather strap your bogus Double quick oyster perpetual Presidential Rolex
BigH_210::Sean Elliot givin' it to Cousins.......
ImOldschool1964::He's a beloved character here in San Antonio, we'll never forget his "Memorial Day Miracle". and he's a heckuva homer announcer.
ImOldschool1964::WHat a d.ouchebag he is, how he got manhandled by Timmy...you know, the truth.
redevelopmentguy::Sean is funny.  As an Zona alum I respect him.  Should be a good year in college hoops too.
redevelopmentguy::What's he saying?
LHICHAOUI1::poor cousins!!!!
JacobyJ4::Seriously,  Thomas had better play better than that $@%! if he is gonna play 30 min.... Has he had a game where he actually ran an offense this year???? ... Smart, why you keep him in when he can't get in the flow... and dont give me its his defense.... his defense was not good at all today...
ChargersFan4Life001::Mills was great last year vs the kings and kept it up
manoocena::Tim Duncan for MVP!
ChargersFan4Life001::Outside of JTs game and Cuz's dunk on green, this game was bad. Not enough consistent defense, took a lot of dumb shots on offense(Spurs forced some of those), and missing a lot of late fts in a close game
Aaron81963::kings soon to be either vegas or seattle's new team!!!
Aaron81963::oh you mean the bobcats!!! yep your right, they have no team!!!
redevelopmentguy::Just be thankful Holt outbid the Maloofs.  The Maloofs were looking a the Spurs back in the day.
AustinBeal::did not know that, good info
Aaron81963::they got cam newton &amp; the panthers
AustinBeal::but they don't have an NBA team
AustinBeal::they should move to charlotte, they don't have a team
BANXylocaine::lol
J Flem::Free Jimmer
DAVEEVERTSEN::Jimmer would average 15 points per night easy. He is certainly good enough for this team. My 10 year old could make 15 points per night on this team.
TTBurton::That would be better than watching his team play. Cousins is pretty good at goaltending though ha ha
trevorcabo::He would tear up the D league
ImOldschool1964::I love our little Aborigine!
ImOldschool1964::Agreed....Free Patty!  Let gary knock down wicked 3's!
LakerHeadsReckoning211::Hell yeah! Patty Mills is a serious baller, bro. I like him WAY better at the backup PG position over Neal.
Heinrich.Himmler::I love how much Cousins teammates hate him
Heinrich.Himmler::yup
ImOldschool1964::Amon?
CamOverRG3::Cousins must enjoy getting his shot blocked,he was blocked 79 times last year (Most in the NBA)
kirt02::he was blocked 72 times in the 4th quarter
polomontana::THIS IS WHAT THE KINGS DESERVE FOR SCREWING OVER JIMMER FREDETTE!!  Brooks was horrible again tonight and Thomas had 2 Assist!!
DAVEEVERTSEN::Better to be silent and thought a fool than open your mouth and remove all doubt!
DAVEEVERTSEN::trevor..do you even know the game? how old are you...12?
JacobyJ4::Trevor... in the minutes he has played so far this year he has a PER of 19.81,,, good for 30th in the league...   Fredette shooting 50 percent from 3 and 57 percent from the field...  show some intelligence.. if you have any (which i doubt)
trevorcabo::5 minutes a game in garbage time are irrelevant. You cant take any meaning from his minutes
DAVEEVERTSEN::Jimmer has class and poise. This team is painful to watch. Defenders of this team are morons. What a terrible team culture of selfishness, greed and losing.
trevorcabo::For going on the 2nd year, mgmt and coach dont want to win. Why else wouldnt jimmer play. Oh wait, maybe he doesnt have any NBA talent?
kirt02::.
baylorspursfan::Duncan 23pts 12rebs 4 asts 3 stls 4 blks 75%fgs and MOST Important 5-6 from the line...  Thanks Tim!  My bank account thanks you as well!
AustinBeal::my fantasy team loves him too
SPURZWARZ1.0::Cousins didn't get "schooled" by Duncan, he got "ruled!"
ImOldschool1964::I never realized what a d.ouche bag Cousins is....Timmy shamed him publicly.  Classic.
LakerHeadsReckoning211::Great game. An yet again, the stat-keeper shafts Tim Duncan. Only 4 blocks?? He blocked at LEAST 7 or 8 shots in this game.  Must have been the same clown who shafted him out of that quadruple-double to close out the '03 Finals.
twinm85::i noticed inthey missed a lot of blocks in the first half
kirt02::he had 5 in the 4th
CamOverRG3::Duncan still has enough left to completely school Demarcus Cousins on the fundamentals of basketball
ImOldschool1964::Cousins is too stupid to learn anything
trevorcabo::Cousins has the  basketball IQ of a 4 year old
SPURZWARZ1.0::On to Portland!
ImOldschool1964::We'll see........b.itch.
redevelopmentguy::LaMarcus Aldridge will light up Duncan like a friggin' Christmas tree.
twinm85::mess with timmy, get dominated
CamOverRG3::Great game by Duncan tonight
kirt02::.
Texicano10::23and 12! Dam Timmy save sum of that for the playoffs
Lavender5226::Don't forget the 4 blocks
kirt02::he had to have more than 4
SPURZWARZ1.0::That move by Mills was SIC!
A11Wor1d::Tiago with the garbage time putback...lmao...
SPURZWARZ1.0::Lol
ImOldschool1964::Cousins = Timmy's b.itch
