BavarianM3::25, 7, 4, 2, 2 in a blowout. Imagine his numbers if the team needed him.
kitastrophy34::The Serge Protector was in the house!
mizzenboy::This is why Stephanie Curry is not an all star
nargash::Why didn't GS foul the Thunder yesterday?
4 Petes Sake::Reminder:  Spurs got 1 seed last year.   Playoffs boys....
Theironrod2012::Durant &gt; lebron
Credil54::betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched for  Sports Betting Systems. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
sooner1980wb20::From now on it's "Golen" State.... they lost their "D" somewhere along the way.
Gimpay12::Martin says that the rookies should get some more experience before talking crap on the floor... and yet he thinks he has the right to call out Mark Jackson... cmon man.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::He has been a starter until he came to Thunder. What gives you the right then, to call Martin out.  Lmao kids
AllDuaneMan::How many years are the Spurs gonna have the best record before they finally fade....
jakesteeley::One
AllDuaneMan::Durant might win an MVP this year like the years when Jordan was at his best and Karl Malone won it, or the years when Shack was the most dominant player and others won it.   He's gonna get one.   But his stats do not compare to Lebron, to the point that Lebron's stats this year are better than Durant will ever have.   Lebron will have to prove it with an inevitable finals win.   Heat-Thunder is happening and nothing, aside from injury, can stop it..
Gordoc0303::did you also see the stat that if lebron made his next 500 free throws that he still wouldn't have durant's FT%
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::It's not the best stat award it's most valuable player. And KD is the most valuable.
Matthew Borba::I don't know what stats you're looking at, because the only stat LBJ has a significant adv in is ast's. KD is on par or better in every other stat.
AllDuaneMan::I saw on ESPN, yesterday, that Durant could go 15-15 from the field for five straight games and still have a lower FG% than Lebron.    Carmello could do it for 20 games and not catch him.   And assists are points.   Usually easy ones with Lebron.  I thought Wade was better than Lebron a few years ago.  He was more clutch, but it took watching Lebron all the time to admit he's better...
karelp::Last 2 games Curry is showing why he didn't gets selected above Parker for the All-Star team.  BTW, I'm a Warrio fan (since 1971), but I'm also objective.  Steph would be the next guard in line though.
remy 88::I'm a Waluigi fan
ESPN 1 BABY::"WE DID NOT GIVE UP SOME OBSCURE RECORD!!!!!!!!!!" - woooohooo Mark Janksidiot
Greygoose crew::Warriors are done ... Say hello to the 8th seed
timmer2142105::Warriors haven't had any truely great players since run T,M,C. Think over the last 12 years the players the Spurs, Lakers, Mavs, Celts,  have had,and more recent the Heat, OKC, Clips, Griz. Who have the Warriors had that were truely great players? I personally don't call Baron, Antwan, Monte, or Jason great. They were good players, but that's it.
bwin1212::Spree well was all nba on the warriors
hookem5746::Golden State is slipping in the rankings.  6 seed now.  Won't get out of the first round.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::They will if they play the Spurs. Spurs get beat by 8 seed.
tempest_ejs::As long as Manu is healthy for the playoffs..
-Td4mvp3 -::39-11 is pretty darn good considering all the injuries we've had....can u imagine the spurs record if we had all guys healthy all season?? scary
jeffg07::We all know their regular season record does not matter.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::What it's are funny. That's all spurts fans seem to do. What if this what if that. Lmao excuses is all that is. Real winners never do that, hints why spurts have been bounced out of the playoffs the last 2 seasons and counting.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::We made it farther to then the spurts did and second we made to the finals last season so no we made it through the playoffs last year. Smart guy. Lmao spurts fans  love to sound stupid.
csallstar11::thunder have been bounced both years too
ThunderUpUNCPokes::It would probably still be 39-11
-Td4mvp3 -::The spurs are..without a doubt..the best team in the NBA by far.....period! :)
jeffg07::Oh really and u r basing this off of what?
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao they seem to have some good drugs in SA. Good thing is that it's only spurts fans that say that.
Bevonator69::No.
hookem5746::Tao I heard warriors talking smack to KMart and OKC tonight?  Real nice after that sour loser ending to the Rockets last night.  Warriors can act tough but it doesn't matter if you are getting a beat down.  Look forward to the Rockets beating the warriors again next week.
-Td4mvp3 -::A reporter asked pop after the game "do you ever get tired of winning?"...he paused for a while thinking then responded.."wellllll....no not really".....then smiled...  year of the spur! ;)
jeffg07::These Spurs fans r all living in some sort of fantasy land. There is no way they get past OKC and win the west. Same story from last year
tothewesttt::agreed, the spurs always have a pretty reg season record just to $@%! it away in the playoffs/finals
Bevonator69::and then finish it off with a big CHOKE in the playoffs. :)
ThunderHornz::Sorry your road trip has been so bad Warriors- I understand you had to land in Tulsa and take cabs to OKC because of the fog, arriving at 4:30 in the morning. That is not the best way to start a road b2b! Good luck and good health to you.  THUNDER!
mattcowboys77::Klay Thompson is turning into something special.
timmer2142105::Warriors have been playing good "D" most of the year. What happened the last 2 games, got smoked. Four quarters allowed mid to high 30's last 2 games, that's never good.
chuwaay::Probably the worst back-to-back games for the Warriors ever. WOW lmao 140 and 119 good luck.
TFUID Part 12::Time to go to the San Antonio board and see what's going on.
TDRwolff::14 pts on 20 attempts  Woah   Steph Curry almost had a Rondo Triple Double
Bevonator69::When Ibaka is shooting 3's you know it's a good night.
Bevonator69::SA only up 4 at the start of the 4th.
thunderguy80::OKC owns the best record against teams above .500
fara0875::There has to be an alternative to starting Perkins.  Even on a good night he's AWFUL!!!
fara0875::That's a very very mediocre solid....
thunderguy80::Perkins has been playing pretty solid the last 5 games...seems like he's getting back to his days in Boston...he just needs 2 keep it up
fara0875::Hahaha!  Guess Thunder need to give Thabeet the nod!
TFUID Part 12::Only alternative is Collison and we need him off the bench more.
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::WESTERN CONFERENCE STANDINGS 1) San Antonio 2) Okc 3)clippers: depends how fats cp3 come back 4) Nuggets 5) Houston 6) Golden state 7) Memphis 8)Jazz or portland
thunderguy80::have Houston wayyy too high..they will either get the 8th seed or barely miss the Playoffs
ChicagoSingh::Warriors turning into their classic selves.
Greygoose crew::Warrior are sinking fast
darwinislord::The Warriors should draft me. I'll play some D.
remy 88::gonna troll the sh.it of of the Spurs board
jahlove1261::Shoot 40% with 19 TOs and you'll get a smackdown - Didn't see the game - bad Warrior O or good OKC D??
TFUID Part 12::Basically, everything went wrong for GS and everything went well for OKC.
jahlove1261::OKC can do that to you - even a legit team like the Dubs - Nice payback Thunder.
jefarr::Block party at the OKC!
Matthew Borba::Not getting into OKC until 4:30 this morning probably had an effect on GSW, but I still don't think they put up much of a better fight had they get here earlier.
TFUID Part 12::WC Playoff Seedings: 1. Oklahoma City 2. San Antonio 3. Denver 4. LA Clippers 5. Golden State 6. Memphis 7. Houston 8. Utah
thunderguy80::7th and 8th will be battled between Utah,Houston and Portland...I think Houston peaks in the next 3 weeks and misses the playoffs...Portland has a tendency to pour it on down the stretch
TFUID Part 12::If Portland acquires some decent bench players, they could sneak in to the 7th or 8th seed. Their starting lineup is really talented.
thunderguy80::I'd agree 2 that
Greygoose crew::Spurs are ahead of okc ..
Matthew Borba::these are his predictions..
TFUID Part 12::This is by the end of the season.
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::SEEMS LEGIT
Matthew Borba::I see Spurs getting #1, they have a much easier schedule the rest of the way then the Thunder
TFUID Part 12::I could see San Antonio doing that too, but it's not likely to matter. They are a regular season team.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::rough week for GSW
James Harden 3 point Celebration::rough week for GSW
thunderguy80::yea...Houston kinda sucked the fun out of this 1 after the disrespect they showed GSW
AndrewOKC::good choice
remy 88::yeah, I didn't even have it in me to talk a bunch of sh.it tonight. Even though they were kinda cocky buttholes last time.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::they were
AmazinGrapeOKC::Ibaka: 15 points, 9 rebounds, 6 blocks, 4 assists  Just another day at the office :)
Greygoose crew::Perkins 6 pts.
remy 88::This is easily his best game in a month
Bevonator69::Ibloka doing what he does best!
James Harden 3 point Celebration::i like the assist
Greygoose crew::By the end of the season the warriors will be the 8th seed
284Paul::and the lakers a 7seed
AndrewOKC::add 2-3 to that
AndrewOKC::can we all just agree that the Thunder and the heat are the bset teams in each conference?
jahlove1261::Memphis will give you guys a run - even without Gay.
AndrewOKC::without gay?  no likely.  maybe.
thunderguy80::Memphis not as tough as the past few years
Greygoose crew::Spurs looking  OK
thunderguy80::I think the Knicks could be a tough out 4 Miami if they meet in the Playoffs
TFUID Part 12::Agreed. I really don't see either team being challenged, maybe slightly.
Greygoose crew::Warriors suck
AmazinGrapeOKC::Curry 5-20  yea.......hes much better than Russ
TFUID Part 12::Still, he deserved an all-star nod. I'd take him over Kobe or Dwight anyday.
AndrewOKC::you're stupid
Koballhog::KD almost outscored LBJ in the 4th.... KD didn't play the 4th.
peterso2::why wasn't jack playing?
peterso2::thanks love, i saw coachs decision, im like wtf?
jahlove1261::late scratch - after runnning into Lin last night.
jahlove1261::How does Barnes play 29 mins and go 7-9 for 19 pts with 0 boards and 0 assists??? The guy is too athletic to be so one dimensional.
AndrewOKC::OK barnes is not a good nba player there is your answer
derek_510::and you have the nerve to call other people stupid.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::spammin sammy a thunder fan?
thunderguy80::not sure who his team is...seen him spam Heat and Lakers boards alot this is only the 2nd or 3rd time I've seen him on the Thunder boards
AndrewOKC::hes a fan of buttonhole
TFUID Part 12::All spammers are the same to me. He may very well be, but I've seen him spamming Heat and Lakers boards too.
