Alvordton::If I were OKC fans I'd love KD too. Here's my take about the KD/Lebron debate. If I was picking a team and I only had the second pick, I could live with that. Regardless of who the first pick is, you get a great player. In my mind, those two are heads above whoever is picked third. I'd be thrilled with either one. If I did not end up with the best team it would not have been about that pick. It would be because of stupid picks by me 2 through 5 that would be my undoing.
Beachwalker::There are only a few basketball players that can take over a game and score at will.  Kevin Durant is one!
clint::I was interested in the Durant-Lee match up, Lee 5 fouls, Durant 1, Durant 13 free throws, Lee 2, Durant 28 shots, Lee 14. there should always be an over/under 15 free throws a game for Durant.
PKM::David Lee got dominated on the boards all game.  Speights should have played more.
garym::Kevin Durant f	43:30	19-28	5-9	11-13	+7	1	3	4	6	5	2	1	0	1	54: KD is the MAN! The current best overall player in the game, inside, outside, drive, assists, intimidates, smooth, plays like a guard and has endurance and desire AND I m a big time Warriors Fan.
Ryan::Outside of that game against the Clippers on Christmas day, the Warriors have pretty much choked on national broadcast games this season. Hopefully Curry can learn to take care of the ball in the final two minutes and not dribble off his ankles or something.
JC::bogut can't even get into the game because his free throwing sucks.. come on man, you are a professional basketball player... how about hitting at least 50% of your FTs..even Shaq could do that... and while you are at it, work on at least a couple of offensive moves besides catching and dunking..
Rodney::Lob City took care of their business.  What's up now?
Drewching::Good test for the Warriors to know where they stand when they play the West powerhouse.
Jimmy::David lee get his double figure rebounds when noone's around, when he's not getting boxed out  hahaha  come on meyers, you got rid of monte's scoring, you can do the same with lee.  Give barnes and even bogut a chance to score, they'll deliver the way steph and klay did when monte's no longer around !!!!
