Ethanharrison::toronto is a playoff contender
jstrack3232::Let them tank. My guys in Indy are more than happy to out play a soft Hawks squad, rather than win a punchout with Chi.
erikthe10man::How in the hell did Derozan manage to not have a single assist in the last 2 games?!?  What a selfish $@%!$ he is....no wonder the Raps missed the playoffs.
KyleBrown834534::Why didn't the Hawks try to win this game? Their starters didn't even hardly play fifteen minutes?
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::to get the 6th seed instead of 5th.....the 3rd vs. 6th winner isnt on the Heat side of the playoff bracket and plays the winner of the 2nd Vs. 7th match up. 4th and 5th seed winner plays the 1 seed vs 8th winner
Jaguarcrazyboy::Raps won, thanks TOR.  Although I think CHI could get past INDY it won't be easy. I want CHI to get past BROOK and then try to knock the Heat off their throne.
jonnyjuicebags::Good luck with that. I wouldn't put $ on it
KevinJonesUTC::Hawks suck $@%
77cradle2grave::Hawks losing on purpose now - they will lose tonight also so they can get the 6th seed and stay out of miami bracket until conference finals - true story  GO KNICKS!!!
geeman217::Don't think I've EVER saw a box score where the ENTIRE team was  a- NEGATIVE in the plus-minus category...  Watching this Hawk team(regularly) has to be maddening.  That effort was pathetic...
wilcox1232::the only people in the world who thought it meant something were the raptors announcers who took this win to mean they are winning the NBA championship next year
wilcox1232::there was no effort this game meant absolutely nothing
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::God..people are dumb. Look at the box score, lol guys like Johan Petro, Shelvin Mack and Mike Scott played more minutes than Josh Smith, Devin Harris, Korver and Teague. Al Horford didnt even play at all.  Toronto didnt "show up" lol We obviously tanked the game. 6th seed is better than 5th seed for avoiding Miami as long as possible.
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::Boltznewera No Hawks just suck, When smith and horford leave after this yr, your hawks will be a bottom feeder. ___________ lol@dumb post. The Hawks will have more money to blow than almost any team this off season. We have a team full of expiring contracts and one of the 2 or 3 that we actually will have under contract is Horford. Ignorant post.
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::The Pacers split the season series with us and before that we'd been owning them...Why wouldnt we want to play them? Especially if it means we could avoid Miami in the 2nd round.
THEBETTERANGLE::Ahh the raptors are $@%!$@%!. Finally playing when it doesn't matter.
Randy___Rhoads::SUCK IT HAWKS. SUCK IT
Boltznewera::Hawks made the playoffs because the rest of the team on the east besides the one that made the playoffs have a terrible standings and now I just hope they get sweep whoever they play against with. Resting your players when you're trying to improve your position in the playoffs is not fair for the fans that are attending the game.
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::WAY TO GO RAPS!!! NO 50 LOSS SEASON!!!!  Gotta look at the bright side fellow raps fans :)
Randy___Rhoads::u still sukked the d
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::We will be good when Andrew Wiggins demands to be traded to us :)
mclean1222::Are the Hawks on drugs??? What's the point of tanking the game to avoid playing the Heat in the 2nd round, when you have no chance to get out of the 1st round against the Pacers? Any coach who would rather play that Pacers team over the Nets in the 1st round clearly isn't that bright.
Lirim24::look at comment under you--
Lirim24::how do you rest your players when you are fighting for a better seed? you'd rather play Indiana then Brooklyn?comon and you never know, you can get lucky and actually have home court, if something crazy happens
Ross983::30 pts is impressive, but 1! rebound?  Thats a pretty poor stat line overall.
Clint25548::Love how many hawk haters we have here, Hawks played their bench most of the game.
Boltznewera::No Hawks just suck, When smith and horford leave after this yr, your hawks will be a bottom feeder.
bravesfan762::um. why would Horford leave?
Debaserawr::I havent seen any raptors games, does Jonas Valanciunas look like hes gonna be a star?
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::He is good, very good for his age. I think in 2-4 years (depending on the quickness of his learning curve) he will be a solid 15-20 PPG and 10-12 RPG. Unlike many other European players, he seems to have toughness and strength to excel as an NBA center.
Dr. Pwnage.::Hawks will face the Pacers and the Bulls will face the Nets.
mclean1222::Was really looking forward to that Bulls-Pacers 1st round tilt, even though the Bulls match up MUCH better with the Nets.
rabbit run::bulls have lost to the wizards before and knicks may not be playing their starters
Norway-vikings::hawks will lose to the knicks B squad so a doesnt matter
Sonic_Sooner::GAWD the Hawks are HORRIBLE!!!!!  We need the Raptors to LOSE games, so the THUNDER gets a better draw in the lottery.....  TANK IT, already, Raptors!!!!
Neil826::i knew atlanta was horrible, but this is pathetic even for them.  the raptors had 100 points with 9 min left in the game.
deldbrown::Give Raptors credit for good shooting display. As for Atlanta, they've split the season series with both the Pacers (#3 seed) and Nets (#4 seed). Nets were playing well coming into the playoffs while Pacers were playing poorly for the last few weeks. It may be better to play the Pacers + you avoid Miami (I'll assume Heat beat Bucks) if you make it past the 1st round.
w1zzk1dd::I do not want to see a repeat of last years finals smh Heat own the Thunder and everyone knows it even Kevin lol.
sffinsfan::Who ...CARES... if Westbrook has 43 points against Miami...its the TEN TURNOVERS !!!!!! he'll have (and at least 1 Technical  ) a game he'll have that  Miami's Fastbreak offense FEEDS off of that hurts OKC..sorry it,ll be in SIX again...sorry!!!!
frostjack186::that's true Miami's defense always sinks the thunders offense
Sonic_Sooner::Westbrook was the only Thunder player who played his game in the NBA Finals last year.  You're kinda overlooking that FORTY-THREE Westbrook dropped off in game 4, aren't you?  Harden DISAPPEARED in the Finals.  Ibaka DISAPPEARED in the Finals.  Durant wasn't as AWESOME as usual.  But Westbrook was great.  This year, IF the Thunder makes the NBA Finals, I just want to see what happens if our players play their best game (and if Brooks doesn't give Kendrick Perkins 25 minutes a game, when there is no one for him to guard).  I think we can beat them.
w1zzk1dd::Yup I don't think that Durant &amp; Westbrook will last especially when he defers to him. Lebron will always own Durant and Westbrook turns into Westbrick whenever they meet.
Its Obvious Mike Trout Was Robbed Of An AL MVP Award::This might have been the only Raptors board, in history, to ever go over 1000 comments....
Heatle Beatle::except when they play the Heat
Factoids R Us::when u get a game that affects other teams because of seeding, it can happen :)
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Hawks tanked that game, they dont want the Nets
Toronto_22::hawk vs nets or hawk vs knick It doesn't matter. Your getting eliminated first round
Heatle Beatle::hawks vs pacers*
frostjack186::I don't know what the hawks are looking for in the playoffs maybe a quicker first round exit against indiana
w1zzk1dd::Yeah I don't understand  why anyone thinks that the Hawks will advance in the first place. The only team they can beat in  a "series" in the playoffs is the bottom feeding Bucks. I don't even know if they will beat them lol.
Factoids R Us::they feared the Heat  :)
Factoids R Us::yea, I was playing off his screen name...
w1zzk1dd::Most teams in the East do with the exception of the Bulls, and Knicks IMO.
w1zzk1dd::Was that the worst game aired on TNT?
w1zzk1dd::Definitely, at the same time it's sad that this is what it takes for America to unite.
FEAR_THE_HEAT::pretty bad...that Boston bomber needs to die
JDynastyGettinBuckets::<a> agreed, that was a horrible game.</a>
Izaman5000::Last year finale was Knicks @ Bobcats...
Izaman5000::Which free agents should the Hawks go after?  OJ Mayo?  JR Smith? Millsap? Monta Ellis? Dwight (impossible)? CP3 (impossible)? Kevin Martin?  David West?  Andray Blantche?  I would like to see  Mayo/JR and West/Blantche
b735player::hawks should target milsap and try to retain smoove
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Monta Ellis and David West
Izaman5000::Monta Ellis cant shoot 40% from the field if you put a gun to his head...
Norway-vikings::west isnt leaving indiana, same with jr leaving the knicks oj mayo or milsap u best bet or ellis
Izaman5000::I dont think so either, but the question is, what does Danny Ferry believe.  Cause JR Smith will but some butts in the seats...
Norway-vikings::Izaman5000 - For the right money, JR leaves the knicks, but is he a first option?  no his not a first option
Izaman5000::For the right money, JR leaves the knicks, but is he a first option?
Norway-vikings::im betting the over at the half on every game tomorrow nobody is goin to play defense
Factoids R Us::and Vegas does not know this??....lines will be higher. They didnt build those casinos out of their own pocket :)
Factoids R Us::Good Luck man....see ya
Norway-vikings::Factoids R Us - hard to bet 2nd halves early  lol  well then need to pick the right games shouldnt be a problem
Factoids R Us::hard to bet 2nd halves early  lol
Norway-vikings::im betting early.. like now here in norway before the line move
773terry::Except Utah Memphis game
Norway-vikings::yea expect that game
kuhkhkhkh::LETS GO TROLL THE CLIOS
mtate814::Way to crap the bed, Atlanta.  All you had to do was win tonight and beat the Knicks B team and you would have the 5 seed locked.  Have fun getting violated by the Pacers next week.
cpfan13::Espn 30 for 30 what if I told you the story of tmac a player that wasn't chasing rings but chasing that elusive second round
frostjack186::leave t-mac out of this look at melo and nash n vince carter no rings for them
JDynastyGettinBuckets::<a> Heat will get upset by the Bucks in 7 games</a>
Lirim24::if they win a game ill be surprised... I don't think Miami loses more than 3 mayube  4 games these playoffs-- truth
Lirim24::your crazy, bucks-  at their healthiest and playing at there best would go to 6... This bucks team no way... I thought Bucks could win a series but not playing Miami... sorry
Norway-vikings::right with game 7 in miami u cant be this stupid
frostjack186::they got joey Crawford you forget that they will have to resign him next year to a long term deal
Chawks116::Not as long as Stern has a job
Norway-vikings::u really believe the heat need refs to beat the bucks SMH
frostjack186::you mean the sucks?
Factoids R Us::sounds like you should put some $$ on it
773terry::Put down that bottle now fool!
Indiana Pacers 2013 NBA Champions::wow can't believe that hawks lost on purpose. every paying fan deserves a refund
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Hawks tanked
Toronto_22::they didn't lose on purpose. they lost because the raptors are becoming better
frostjack186::raptors are better than there record shows the players are starting to build some chemistry together they put a beating on the bulls
Factoids R Us::maybe both.....look who the Hawks played (minutes)
Bigdaddynalley::Atlanta is horrible....out in the first round for sure.
aceofbassgreg::Atlanta has the talent...it seems like a good coach would get a lot more out of that team.
HATERS AND TROLLS KEEP CRYING::time to troll the overrated clippers
Chawks116::Good game everybody, and you better watch out for the raptors next season
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Yup. Peace out man. See you for the last game of the season!!!  GO RAPTORS GO!!!
Chawks116::see you there
eliteskillz044::I would trade Josh Smith for a 20 piece Chicken McNuggets
frostjack186::josh smith or Stephen Jackson?
FEAR_THE_HEAT::I wouldnt trade the McNuggets
PodSox::im sure they wouldnt even throw in a  99 cent coke
773terry::Will Drew get fired after first round playoff exit?
773terry::Hmmm ok
airicad::if they make it to the second round, my money is on him staying
FEAR_THE_HEAT::My god these teams are terrible
airicad::the end of the nba season is sooo weird... can the playoffs start already
PodSox::tomorrow night will be cool
airicad::you mean rigged?
Chawks116::An ACY three?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Just a sketchy stroke on that shot haha.
FoxKat93::I thought the Nets had no heart, the Hawks will not be outdid.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Atlanta you guys are going to turn out like Dallas next off-season. Lose, Smith and have a lot of cap-space, but no big off-season acquisitions.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I wonder if you guys go for maybe Milsap to replace Smith.  I wonder if that'll work?
Izaman5000::Milsap sounds good for the right price.  Id like to see OJ Mayo in a Hawks uniform.
Izaman5000::That's fine with me.  better keep the cap space then overpay Monta Ellis.
Izaman5000::That hawk celtics 7 game series seems like decades ago...
PodSox::that was the worst 7 game series ever.  every game was a blowout
w1zzk1dd::Hawks are garbage, not only will they lose the series against Pacers or Nets but I'm betting 2 of those losses will be blowouts and 1 of them will be a home loss smh.
kuhkhkhkh::Who is more overrated...The Knicks or the Clippers?
frostjack186::you mean melo or the clippers?
kuhkhkhkh::lol meelo
airicad::i'd say knicks because the clips can do other things besides shoot 3's
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Clips
Chawks116::knicks in a landslide
HATERS AND TROLLS KEEP CRYING::clippers
airicad::depends on how they're "rated"
airicad::bricky rubio isn't even a top 10 PG
eliteskillz044::feel bad for the ppl who bet their house on hawks moneyline , to lose on a tank hurts that much more..benching starters with 6 mins in 3rd is pathetic.
eliteskillz044::I agree smith is the worst lol
PodSox::took toronto!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Tanking to play the Pacers? Dumbest. Fanbase. ever. Enough with the excuses.
Factoids R Us::tanking to get on the opposite side of the Heat...is that so hard to believe?
Izaman5000::...but that is what you get for betting on a Josh Smith team...
ballerbooboo::stop shooting jenkins...obviously you can't make anything...LOL
