ztuck24::Magic need to sub in Andrew Nicholson more for Big Baby! His shot is better and he gives them a spark on defense.
Mr. Bradford::Utah bench 4-20. Ouch.
SFthomas1969::Been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 3k a month the past 3 months now using the system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find out how this system works. If you bet at all this is a must see.
SFthomas1969::Ive been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for the past few months. Im making around $3,000 a month profit following this systems picks. If you google sports betting system you will find more about the system. If you bet you gotta check this out.
Allen Conder::1-15 from 3?  #Suck4Noel
JensenJaxon::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
JensenJaxon::hi
JensenJaxon::Flop city https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
JensenJaxon::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
JensenJaxon::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
JensenJaxon::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
rbmw263::GG Magic.  felt like neither team wanted to win..
chris johnson 558::Al Jefferson= all star
van.muhle::not if all those fans in China have anything to say about it, Tracy McGrady will be your starting Center in the west
ensign.devyn::And he fits perfectly into the All Star game, since no one plays defense there!
Francis4345::2 for 25 combined behind the arc.... awful ! Thanks to the big guys up front
00statuz::Have to admit I really like how our Magic team is playing, can't wait to see how we play when Harrington comes back, and Turk too. Though I think that might hurt our lottery chances lol  Anyways good game Jazz
mad2bee4::I keep telling peopl that dont know Magic are missing a lot an have missed Jameer half the season as well to injuries. Magiic are not winning no title with this team but healthy could earn a 7 or 8 seed....
van.muhle::Magic battled, it was a good/ugly game for both teams. Glad we eeked it out though.  GG to the magic
Smeatmonster::Big Al's best game so far this season. He ate the Magic's bigs alive tonight! 31 points 15 rebounds. Paul gave it to them too with 22 points 2 steals and 3 blocks!
ensign.devyn::It's what we needed to do against their frontcourt. If we could get some freaking production from our guards we'd be in business
van.muhle::Back Spasms are like a mini vacation during the season  - Andre Kirilenko
rbmw263::Another one of his favorites....."calf strain"  or basically anything that wont show up on any sort of medical instrument.
rbmw263::ha ha ha so true.
Smeatmonster::van.muhle - Back Spasms are like a mini vacation during the season  - Andre Kirilenko  So true! But I do miss AK47 when he was playing like a man on fire. It is a shame he couldn't stay healthy and play with that passion every game.
ensign.devyn::Lol. Thankfully Al doesn't have that attitude. Favors could be probably for Friday's game and we'll see how Al does the next few days.
First Pelicans Bandwagoner::Isn't he injured again? I loved how Wolves fans thought him and Roy coud stay healthy
van.muhle::thats hilarious
First Pelicans Bandwagoner::Yeah, on their team list  Kirilenko- NWT- Back Spasms lol
van.muhle::not sure, is he?  I just remember AK getting back spasms about 5 - 7 times during each season
ensign.devyn::Magic fans, you're pretty classy. I look forward to the next time we play you.
99 Bottles of Beer::You all are too. Should be another good one
ensign.devyn::No stay cold from behind the arc against us. Lol
99 Bottles of Beer::I meant good as in close lol
JDAnderson94::I hope it isn't like this one. I want to see some 3 pointers. :)
van.muhle::Jazz tried to give this game away in the second half and the Magic just couldnt take it, any night  Foye and Hayward go 1/14, we shoot 1/10 behind the arc and shoot 41.6% as a team, we should probably lose that game
ensign.devyn::We're lucky it was at home and the Magic were playing their 3rd game in 4 days.
zackzeeper::need to work on keeping a lead
99 Bottles of Beer::We could contend for an 8th seed next year, but in 2014, we'd have TONS of cap space plus our young players will have developed
Smeatmonster::I think the jazz get the sixth seed.  But then again, I am an optimist.
ensign.devyn::We could. We've played 12 road games to 8 home games and are 10-10.. If we improve a little on the road, and once the home games catch up, we could definitely be a 6th seed.
UNLVrebelsFan95::thats wishful thinking
99 Bottles of Beer::Wishful thinking? We could contend for an 8th spot this year...I just hope not because I want a top pick
childplease3223::magic &lt; wizards
childplease3223::clever
JDAnderson94::Thanks, I get lucky every once in a blue moon.
JDAnderson94::Child, please.
JDAnderson94::Good game Jazz, hope Big Al is alright. Magic need to pack it up and move on, its a long season.
TheCronoMasterMind::Yep, good game. Only fitting it ended with yet another turnover. We lost from the FT line, committing some horrible bail-out fouls, and couldn't make it there ourselves, nor could we sink a 3 to save our lives. Even with all of that, it was one exciting way to end the game. See you guys in Orlando in about 2 weeks.
Hatchkelso808::It's like Utah won this game with 4 players cause R. foye was in there for 30+ min. And only got 3 pts and 2 rebounds 0 assists, he only wasted a spot for somebody else.
zackzeeper::hit a good shot though. Was kinda a wast of space
TheCronoMasterMind::He hit the shot that ended the Magic run. Without that shot, Magic would have still been on top, and who knows what would have happened from that point?
First Pelicans Bandwagoner::But if Burks has those numbers in 10 minutes, he goes back to the end of the bench for another 5+ games
99 Bottles of Beer::We'll make the playoffs next year actually.
UNLVrebelsFan95::delusional magic fan
zackzeeper::I predict a couple of first round picks
childplease3223::The magic are the worst team in the nba easy
minky420::Lakers........
mad2bee4::Moron, really Magic have had huge injuries all season an still Have some great road wins just now coming off back to back road games over LAkers an GSW's... MAgic by far from the worst an anybody with a brain cant say AL or Hedo wouldnt have been huge for the Magic late in tonights game. Jameer been hurt all seaosn an we was lucky to even have him so far on this road trip...
asdbluecfl::No, theres probably about 6 teams that are much worse. Plus that was a horrible game.
mad2bee4::Magic even shoot 20% from behind the arc an they win that game or atleast take it to OT.... Or hit there FT's Magic have not been that bad from FT line either so far an with both an the TUrnovers Magic still had  ashot in last minute to pull it out...
hmqenz::wizards say hi, even after last night
zackzeeper::wizards
thexdiamond::well that's not true.
jose1891::damn at least they covered the spread good try magic
childplease3223::lol really?
asdbluecfl::Couldn't hit anything, should of tried to get it to Affalo the last 5 possesions.
TomLeee124::Mo Williams is a nig
TomLeee124::Thank you JJ - you Suckkkkkkkkk at life
First Pelicans Bandwagoner::Jazz are in trouble if Jefferson and Favors are out next game. Only have 1 guy who can play C
ensign.devyn::Eh it's Toronto thankfully. Big Al just got reported as back spasms, he should be good to go Friday night. Favors might be back too, he's just day to day atm
First Pelicans Bandwagoner::Back Spasms can keep yuo out for a week, you can't move until it loosens up
zackzeeper::yeah at least the minutes rotation will be easier
MagicBoltzRays::if someone told me we had 19 turnovers and shot 1-15 from three, I would say we would have lost by 25+
99 Bottles of Beer::WTF Jazz, that's our victory song
mad2bee4::Was it supose to be mocking the Magic or something???
ensign.devyn::I think it's half the league's, haha
mad2bee4::Thats the Magic soong at home afetr a win, I thought the same thing, lol
asdbluecfl::Rays have the best victory clip.
99 Bottles of Beer::Good game Jazz, pretty exciting in the end
zackzeeper::respect to big baby.
UCF knights 21::If we could hit a shot we would have won easily. The jazz deserved to win. Or should I say Al Jefferson and Paul Millsap deserved to win.
childplease3223::and if your mother had a d ick she'd be your father
UCF knights 21::Hilarious... Come up with that yourself?
van.muhle::Both teams were bricking 3's all game long, look at those percentages...nasty
JDAnderson94::Good effort guys. No shame in losing to Jazz in SLC.
TheCronoMasterMind::Here's hoping for a made 3 with the foul! lol
ensign.devyn::I think the Magic's 3 pt % reflects the tired legs from this road trip.
amit226::how are you a jazz fan???
YoungJazzIsBuiltToKill::As they were walking the road ..LOL
zackzeeper::Yes missed the 3!!!
childplease3223::haha magic suck
UNLVrebelsFan95::lakers suck too...
zackzeeper::Magic don't suck because they managed to beat the lakers but at the moment the jazz just have more talent.
childplease3223::Magic wont make the playoffs for another 10 years. like that
Magic are better than you::We will with a top pick or two
Magic are better than you::You're an idiot
99 Bottles of Beer::You're an idiot too
UNLVrebelsFan95::no really... they suck
Magic are better than you::Good game Jazz
Tkw2008::So refreshing to see two people from opposing teams actually being cival to each other!
ensign.devyn::you too. pretty ugly for both sides lol
ensign.devyn::Haha hey FT's are still coming, we might stretch it to 10+! Haha. Good call. I didn't think 2nd half would be this ugly by Utah though
Magic are better than you::lol!  Yep.  BTW I told you 6 points!  ;)
steve_cronin61::Nelson needs to be put out to pasture
99 Bottles of Beer::Just that kinda night. Can't make any 3s
MagicBoltzRays::that's game. can't make a 3 to save our lives.
mad2bee4::Not for nothing could we make them tonight an JJ has not even been close but hey how many thought we would have back 2 backs wins over LA an GSW to start this road trip with just a sub normal night from 3pt line from a win tonight, an thats now to take anything from the Jazzz.. Good game Jazz fans....
TheCronoMasterMind::Yup that's about game.
First Pelicans Bandwagoner::Put in Carroll or Marvin for Foye for this posession
capnchuc::we got lucky reddick missed his wide open 3, courtesy of Foye
zackzeeper::Yes Utah pretty much has the win now
99 Bottles of Beer::We're going for a 3 here. That's why the timeout
