Teresa McGarr::The Lillard vs. Irving battles are just sick. I don't care what team you're a fan of, this is must watch TV.
Adam Sowa::Kyrie who?
Jake Gilliland::Adam Sowa just watch the All Star Game to find out.
Jeff Black::Adam Sowa Irving
George Chip Thayer::BTW, if Luol Deng were Mongolian, he'd be Dengis Khan.
George Chip Thayer::Keep it rolling Cavaliers!    Make this 3-1 on the west road trip.
Eric Witt::Blazers with an impressive close out of the game! I was getting nervous...
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::bad teams like cleveland finds way to lose a lead just like that.. 8 in a row blazer up 2.
Kelse Powell::Good teams like Portland find ways to get a lead just like that...12-0 run to finish
Jim Kamlowsky::Bad teams also get screwed by the refs at crunch time. Tonight was exhibit one.
John Luttrell::Jim Kamlowsky it's never the cavs fault in close games. It's always the refs that screw us!! Haha. Funny stuff.
Doug Wilcox::110-99 Portland takes over in the 3rd quarter and pulls away
Cody Palmer::You were close. You are now the basketball god.
Louis James Flores::All-Stars get calls like that !
Sandy Porter::Looking forward to seeing more of CJ.
Ibarra Jaime::Lillard>Irving     Deal with it!
Jake Gilliland::Cleveland's two games thus far against the team w the best record so far? Took a last second 3 pts by Lillard in December to win and then they took it down to the final two minutes + minutes on their opponent's own floor... Two losses no doubt, especially against that beast Aldridge but still a Hell*va improvement for an ex-Lottery Team...  Go Cavs.
Jeff Hatrix::Once they blew the foul call, where Tristan Thompson was wearing the defender. it was a 5 point swing we never came back from. I admire sports trying to hold onto the human element. But enough is enough. They called Varejou for way less contact and what is up wih Kyrie? Running without any kind of ball control and shooting like a high school player.
Michael Shen::http://nbaliveonline.tv/portland-trail-blazers-live-streaming/  Must Watch!! Lillard and Kyrie always have monster games playing against each other!
Fred M. King::Getting to be a question as to whether I can get my heart restarted after these games.  We used to have a few blowouts to rest the old ticker but not very many this season!
Daniel Wharton::Aldridge and Lillard will be a formidable duo for years to come. Just wait until Lillard figures out the key to consistency.
Frank Brank::Blazers are one of our top bets tonight. See all our predictions each night for every game here: wp.me/P49kjD-6C
Adam Aycock::I'm sorry, but if the kings beat us by 40. Then it's not going to look to pretty during this game. We are going to get our a$$es kicked
Brad Martin::So what?  Young teams can lose big sometimes.  We're learning how to use our new offensive weapon in the pick and roll, and if the Lakers game is any indication, it's starting to stick.  The team should start improving.
Curtis James Bliss::Well that escalated quickly. Cavs played great basketball for about 44 minutes.
Dean M. Roberts::Portland, we need this win.  The Cavs are on the road and playing less than '500 ball. GO BLAZERS!
James Aaron Sharp::Lillard clearly outplayed Irving tonight, what game were y'all watching?
Alan Bonness::Cavs need to do better from the line and be consistent on D.
Bryce Mikonsky::LETS GO CAVS!!!! im desiring for a playoff run this year
Eric Witt::Another monster game for Aldridge!
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::well done cleveland find way to lose in the end
Dave Swanson::This has a 110-88 final written all over it...
Tony Frenden::Your nuts. Yes, Cavs are the better team right now, but this one is on the road, so i expect it to be closer.
Neal Kortes::I see what you did there tony... lol
Kurt Vouk::Tony Frenden  I agree. I certainly see the better team winning tonight, but NOT by over 20 points on the road. That's crazy nuts...
Ayn Bland::Lololololol..  Epic choke.
