bamberg1977::Looking at box score, its hard to determine how the Pistons lost. They won or were even in every stat. The only thing I see is the Jazz took 6 more shots.. but since the turnovers, rebounds, and FT's were even, I'm not sure how that happened. One assessment I can offer is Monroe, stop throwing the ball to the other team!!! 7 TO's?
RocHawks::Just saw the replay on the last shot... absolutely terrible, that ref should be fired on the No Call
Darkflame07::That's happened twice to the jazz this year so we don't feel bad for the pistons.
denn19641::We have a good talented Core. I just don't get it why we settle on jumpers in the third and give consecutive layups. BK7 shooting i fine but this team has no true PG.  We need to get to the playoff this year to lure free agents by summer and address the SF and PG $@%. Nobody wants to go to a losing team.
bamberg1977::BK7 just turned 21, C. Billups was no better as a true PG at this age. No way Pistons are replacing BK7 or moving him to SG(even more stupid). He can defend the position and flat out shoot. He has a future as a good PG in this league. The only thing I'd say is he needs more structured offense to develop because he doesnt have natural play making instincts. But he takes good shots, has all the tools and is a very intelligent hardworking player. He'll get there
bamberg1977::Who are the Free Agents? I've looked so many times and I end up thinking, might as well just hope the talent develops on this team. There's no one out there who fits on our team age, leadership and role wise. I could see a trade, but who do you envision  through Free Agency? Not sure anyone out there makes Pistons better. Dumars gave away Gordon and a 1st round pick for signing room... faill. (might work for draft position though, but win wise it should have been Stuckey)
donniekilbotsos::After 60 games the Jazz will be 35-25, and that's even if they don't make a huge trade.
terrydavis36::I hope.  We need to get on a roll at home.  Would like to get to the 5 or 6 seed.  Make some progress from last year.
RZA_CONSOLE::deetroit's going be a bada$$ team in the future
Eric62748::There are more Pistons fans than I thought looking at the posts....why don't ANY of you go to your home games???? Your attendance is sad. just sad... I'm happy Jazz fans are loyal and support our team
lionstigerssparty10::Let's see. LeBron shat on Midwest basketball, we have the Tigers, Lions and Red Wings along with Michigan/MSU sports teams. The Pistons are bad and a complete afterthought
bamberg1977::Pistons had a long ownership change when owner died, team got sold and and there was a freeze on Pistons GM Dumars for over a year after he traded away all recognizable players.. then.the lock out happened simultaneously.. Pistons went to Eastern Conf. Finals 6 straight years and playoffs 8 straight years... its just a bad, bad fan hangover. Pistons are up in rich country where they only follow the record. They've started the last two years 4-20 and 7-21
Darkflame07::There is plenty to do in Utah, you just have to actually go outside to do most of it. You know like skiing, hiking, fishing.......
Redneck SEC Fan::we have better things to do than watch a crappy pistons team lose games to crappy teams like the jazz, who's fan base has nothing else to do in utah.
rengland123::The Pistons need to bring back Sir Slam A Lot.
mikenbig::No good shooting guards available if the Pistons draft 10th.  Michael Carter Williams is a PG who might be available when the pick comes.  He's a "true PG" which we all know is code for "he can't shoot."  Gets lots of assists and steals.  6'6" tall.  Plays for Syracuse.
Redneck SEC Fan::The Jazz always beat the Pistons
scow79::I believe they're 13-1 now since the 05-06 season
caseygreer2::Pistons have SOO many combo guards. I'm surprised they don't trade any of them for actual shooting/point guards
Skip Clueless FailSource::Bynum is gone in 3 months.
Sammy and Pistachios baby::They'd rather be stuck in mediocrity
Detroit Everything::http://i.imgur.com/MJNXy.jpg
sethbball20::Despite the loss, I'd say the Pistons re-building project is on schedule. They are clearly getting better. Their biggest problem is inability to holds big leads, which is discouragingand encouragng at the same time. Discouraging because they shouldn't be giving up the leads, encouraging because they're getting out to big leads in the first place.
KillerPancakeX::I don't think it would even take that, to be honest. It'd make them all the more relevant, but I think with the team they have now, next season after they develop, they could be a playoff team. How far they'd make it is up for debate but i'd like to think they'd at least make the playoffs.
Sammy and Pistachios baby::they only need a lebron james or a durant or duncan or michael jordan in the draft and the pistons can get back in the playoff picture
smackdab0::good game Jazz..  we'll get yall next time..
smackdab0::people like u are weird..
Philip3664::If by next time you mean in Utah where the Pistons haven't won in forever....that one will be extremely tough
Sammy and Pistachios baby::no you won't
Philip3664::nobody really cares what you think
mdizel2437::This is a win-win situation for us Piston fans, either we win a game or we win a higher spot in the draft. Such a stress free season! Lol
Detroit Everything::Sammy and Pistachios is 3 days old
sethbball20::Utah desereved to win the game, they controlled the second half, but that was a poorly officiated game. Guys were getting hacked going to the rim and the refs were letting it go. And Knight was definitely fouled on that 3PA at the end of the game.
Loosole::And that was NOT a foul! Not even close. Knight just stuck his leg out
mikenbig::and the Pistons will land ANOTHER good player in the June draft.  This loss helps.
scow79::You guys need a shooting guard desperately.   Or a PG who can actually get assists.
Skip Clueless FailSource::What player or position do you want?
Sammy and Pistachios baby::meh nobody cares if pistons win, let the jazz have it
Sammy and Pistachios baby::Philip3664 - Who do you root for troll? Im sure whoever it is they suck  ==========  I could root for any of the 29 other teams in the nba and my team won't suck as much as the pistons
adamsbrian88::Charlotte  Washington ?
mikenbig::You should ask your mom where the meatloaf is.
Philip3664::So you would root for the Bobcats or Wizards? Clearly they are worse than the Pistons.....
Detroit Everything::http://espn.go.com/nba/standings/_/group/1
mdizel2437::And they are better than their record btw...
denn19641::52% shooting and still not enough to win.
Detroit Everything::the pistons show up every night, you don't know because you're busy being stupid, Sammy and Pistachios
Loosole::Better future? You can't be serious. And sammy pistatios isn't even a jazz fan, just a troll
DeeetroitBasketball2013::.
Sammy and Pistachios baby::they show up to lose alright
mikenbig::Grow up Sammy.  Fact is the Pistons have a better future than the Jazz.
denn19641::why BK7 instead of Will?
PrinceofDetroit28::Actually it was for Daye. BK7 had to shoot it because Daye couldn't get his shot off.
Skip Clueless FailSource::Cause Will wont be a Piston by april and Knight is a major part of Pistons future.
Philip3664::I'll take BK7 over will shooting a three anyday
Sammy and Pistachios baby::who cares, they both suck
mdizel2437::He is probably a Heat, Lakers, or Thunder fan. They are all 12 year olds.
Skip Clueless FailSource::It's the same guy from Chicago that is here every game bro.
Philip3664::Who do you root for troll? Im sure whoever it is they suck
Sammy and Pistachios baby::Did a Piston fan just say the detroit pistons are playoff bound?
mdizel2437::Have you seen the East standings?
adamsbrian88::Well i Do not mean to trash on detroit because they really showed up tonight, but WTF corbin? how do you miss manage another game and nearly loose it? Earl watson, seriously?  what a joke. no FG in the last 3:26 you need to pull you head out of your butt. This team is going nowhere with him in control
22dan22dan22::Totally agree. Jazz were kicking trash then he put Watson in for burks with about 3 minutes left and Watson nearly single handedly lost it for the jazz.
cburn43::Watson definitely sucks!
Sammy and Pistachios baby::Pistons fans acting wild after a loss, I thought detroit piston fans would be familiar with the feeling of losing already
22dan22dan22::Have any of you been to that hardcore pawn shop place? They've got the best actors on that show!
wheelswashere::i used to live in bloomfield hills.... Detroit is really ghetto now. I agree the folks that shop at pawnstars are pretty comparable to the average person in the motor c
Sammy and Pistachios baby::They portray detroit well
mdizel2437::You have never even been to Detroit, quit trolling.
Bargnani7Karlo::$@%!,$@%! idiot,mother $@%!$@% sons od !$@%!$@,%!$@ you refs,you morons,you sons od a %!$@%,!$@%!
Bargnani7Karlo::Noooooooo ;)
Bargnani7Karlo::I am from croatia ;)
DeeetroitBasketball2013::Bargnani?
DeeetroitBasketball2013::stupid canadiens
Sammy and Pistachios baby::Let the Jazz take the win on this, Jazz are fighting for a playoffs spot  pistons are fighting for the lottery
DeeetroitBasketball2013::FOH troll, pistons are playoff bound
cburn43::Want some cheese with your whine? :)
DeeetroitBasketball2013::he's obviously a canadien, hence bargnani7
cburn43::Bargnani7Karlo
Bargnani7Karlo::What me? :D
Philip3664::who's whining?
mattcowboys77::pistons need to blame themselves. Letting the Jazz control 2 quarters and then deciding to come back too late...
Wombat1247::Jazz sneak by this one  Well played Burks
str8hust1a::trash refs
Sammy and Pistachios baby::trash pistons
Philip3664::Tough loss. Wish they would have had a better 3rd quarter so it didnt come down to that. Good game Jazz fans.
Sammy and Pistachios baby::Wanna hear a joke?  Detroit Basketbaalllllll
22dan22dan22::Hahahahahaha
mdizel2437::Oh that's right, this is the NBA. The rules change based on how much time is left.
DeeetroitBasketball2013::Frank you suck! Dave Cowens should have been hired!
bulls7777777::detroit you are trashhhhhhhhh
Bargnani7Karlo::$@%! that was a foul
bruddamanderek@yahoo.com::whaaaaaaaaa
22dan22dan22::Terrible play. Good defense.
TheFinalPlay::Contact for days
PrinceofDetroit28::foul!
KillerPancakeX::That was clearly a foul.
Sammy and Pistachios baby::trash pistons = trash. Nothing to see here folks!
DeeetroitBasketball2013::Terrible drawn up play!
swartz96::son of a bit.ch
Bargnani7Karlo::Wtf?
Philip3664::No foul?
TheFinalPlay::What was that?
PrinceofDetroit28::foul?
Sammy and Pistachios baby::detroit, your basketball team is trash
aivezaj::Not even close, retar.d
Bargnani7Karlo::Overtime! :)
blackmamba817::overtime!
