Leland Wong::Pacers will win the NBA Title this year.
Rachel Roh::Oho!!!
Dereck Johnson::I agree Leland it def feels like this is our year and it should be an easy road to the Eastern Conference Finals. I really hope we get it done this year bc I feel like their will be at least 4-5 more teams that jump to elite status next year after the draft. That will prob include at least three teams from the East. Id like to know who has the Nets and Knicks draft picks this year. I think Boston has the Nets and the Raptors have the Knicks but not 4sure. One things for sure the NBA is about to get a lot more exciting. Go Pacers!!!
Lindsay Crampton::True statement.  3 words.. DEFENSE WINS CHAMPIONSHIPS
Zee N Jason Farmer::Before the haters start listen up!!  Espn keeps saying Pacers have had an easy schedule but spurs only beat one team with a winning record and Portlands only beaten 2 teams with a winning record! Pacers also beat the 3 teams Miami lost to. Espn just wants to hate on Indy as usual and idiots read and hear what they say and don't look at the facts. If Indy hadn't beaten but instead lost to 7 of their opponents those opponents would have a .500 or better record. The better record a team has makes their sos weaker cause the extra losses they are dealing out.
Dereck Johnson::Zee N Jason Farmer, I wouldn't worry about other ppl talking about who we've played bc its obvious with the simple eye test that the Pacers are for real. Anyone of our starting 5 can lead our team on any given night. Plus its not our fault the East is bad and our team thrives on being overlooked. I actually prefer when the so called experts go against us or don't give us much credit. I wish ppl would go back to saying P.George isn't a superstar bc I think that really fueled him this offseason. One things for sure this is going to be one hell of a season.
Mike Williams::At least they have the Hornets name to look forward too.  Charlotte Bobcats just never sounded right.
Patrick Talbert::Agreed on the Bobcat moniker. Unfortunately, that's what they got when Bob Johnson probably wanted to put his personal stamp on the mascot. Charlotte got lucky that New Orleans changed their mascot and freed up Hornets.
Andrew John Feeback::If people seriously think games this early in the season "don't matter," then look at the Pacers' schedule for the next two weeks. Five game road trip out west, playing the Spurs and Thunder on back to back nights, then coming home two days later to play the Heat. The Pacers will be either 15-1 or 14-2 entering that stretch. Winning all these games gives them margin for error, and I'd much rather have this record than be 9-7 or 8-8 going into that.
Nick Stevenson::There are 2 differences b/w this year's Pacers team and last year's.  First is the development of Paul George.  He is turning into a big time player.  The second is their improved bench play.  Luis and CJ are proving to be very valuable.  We have seen 6 people capable of putting up 20 points this year...and Granger will make his return shortly.  This is a scary team indeed.
Keith Haemmerle::Miami wins 8 in a row and picks up zero ground on Indiana. Poor Heat, playing for second place and don't even know it...
Jeffrey Nicholas::You'll note that the Pacers lost a game during that stretch. Miami was 3 losses behind. Now they are 2 losses behind.  Two is.... less than three? I just realized the Pacers best win is over the 8-7 Grizzlies. Can't win against teams you haven't played, but I hadn't realized just how poor their competition has been so far. They've got a tough road stretch coming up. We'll have a better idea of just how improved they are by the time they return home to play Miami on the tenth.
Mike Williams::Jeffery. They have beat all 3 teams that have beat Miami.  This flaws your logic. Sorry bud.
Jorge Bouza::Mike Williams and we smoked the Bulls? Go hang your banner for most wins in November next to your ABA banners, lol.
Gordon Waller::Interesting how all the ESPN headlines are about The Rapist's leg or the Knicks stinking as a team or the Heat in general, and not much is being said about one of the very best teams in the NBA so far this season.  Maybe the Pacers need some sex offenders on their team or some other type of tabloid problem for people to notice what a good team they are and how they lack the ignorant drama that creates problems for lots of NBA teams.
Raymond Chuang::I disagree. People ARE paying attention to the Pacers because they are the ONLY team left as of right now that can legitimately threaten the Heat for the Eastern Conference title.
Al Sotowitz::Pacers fans make me laugh. They act as if the Heat are the ones chasing the Pacers. Wait till the real basketball begins. You guys can spew all the garbage you want, reality is that the Pacers haven't gotten it done when it counts. Let's see what happens this year when it counts.
Andrew Heitz::Heat fans act like they swept the playoffs last year.  If you were so unconcerned about the Pacers, you morons wouldn't bother trolling.
Mike Williams::Obviously you have some sort if insecurity over it or else you'd keep your semen receptacle shut.  Why else visit a discussion thread having nothing to do with "your team".
Antonia May::Mike Williams SEmen receptacle?? LOLOLOLOLOLOL
Gary Bo::"I hope not because there is nothing more comical than a Floridian claiming to know the first thing about basketball"..the most accurate comment on here.
Ed DeSalle::Why cant the Pacers WIN an NBA title? Always going to be Miami's little sister! LMAO!
Steve Broome::Scola is such a big upgrade over Hansborough for that team. They look great.
Trevor Hennington::Wow Watson 5-5 from 3, dude is shooting lights out.
Leland Wong::Let's hear it how about them pacers.!!!!
Carl Marelle::Pacers are about to KILL IT TONIGHT
Bransyn Jackson::Goin to finals for sure
Jeffrey Nicholas::Well, that almost pulls CJ's shooting percentage up to a respectable number for the year. Love to see he's doing well seeing as he's one of only two players in the league from UT. He was certainly a more than adequate shooter for us.  Love the situation he's in now. On a very good team but not locked on the bench behind a 40 mpg all-star. Has to be hard to get any rhythm when you don't get more than 10 mpg behind Rose and Williams.
Tomas Rainbolt::I am not a Pacers fan other than I can really respect how they've built this team. But the question has to be asked: Given how weak the East is this year how much of a chance does this Pacers team have of challenging 72-10? We'll know a lot more after their upcoming 5 game road trip. Btw, is there a tougher 5 game stretch right now than playing the Clippers, Spurs, Blazers and Thunder all away over that span... I think not.
Steve Perkins::Alex Doub They should worry about both as the former (in the means of earning home court advantage) might be the segue to the latter.
Nate Rose::Alex Doub pacers arent worried about the heat...
Andrew Wills::and then after the five game western road trip, feturing the gour best records in the west, they play the heat at home...  and they may need to win 72 to keep the Heat in the two slot...
Jacob Sharar::FACT: The level of dumbness in trolls talking about your favorite team directly correlates to how good your team is. Better team= more entertaining trolls.
Tony Hartmann::The NBA should just place the Heat and Pacers in the ECF and send all the other Eastern teams to the golf course.
John Martin::Or the showers.
Leland Wong::Their defense is the tops in the NBA and offense is better than last year. This is our year, the Pacers.
Ed DeSalle::14 wins and NOT ONE over a team with a winning record! LAUGH MY BALZ off at this DUMB fan base!
Steve Perkins::You do realize this is the NBA, right?  You do realize that if you go 14-1 against many that are at or around .500, you are pretty clearly an elite team.  Mediocre teams simply don't do that.  If you run that off the heels of a seven game Eastern Conference final the year before, well, you get the gist.  Could be worse, could have lost to Boston, Brooklyn, and Philly.  I'm certain you see the irony/hypocrisy of your referring to any other as "dumb".
Munosia Snookems::Someones a hater. BooHoo Girly
Ed DeSalle::Steve Perkins No Pacer fans are Dumb. Its a known fact!
Seal Rchin::Bobcats need to make a trade, MKD and a GM to be named later for Iman Shumpert.
Shane Fitzgerald::Heat fans are sounding more and more worried.
John Hartley::Hope the Bobcats keep this one competitive. And hopefully by the blessing of god we may win lol
Herb Williams::Its gonna be a great game man. Cant wait to see the hornets name return once again for youll. Good luck to the bobcats tomorrow. Go Pacers!!
Wade Mason::Herb Williams I can't wait to see the old Hornets colors come back! I hope they do something retro for the first year.
Gary Bo::Like to see a competitive game too, but given the Pacers defensive strength and CHA's struggle to score, this could get ugly fast.
Lindsay Crampton::14-1 BOOOOMSHAKALAKA!!
Dereck Johnson::I'm interested in seeing how G.Hill plays tonight and the rest of the season. Its clear he's our weak link but I think he's healthy for the first time this year. If he is aggresive like he was against Minnesota and plays like a scoring PG. Then it makes our team a lot better. If he can somehow turn into one of our strenghts, then look out NBA. I would like to see the Pacers see what they could get out of D.Granger and O.Johnson. I think they could get a really good young player. If Granger comes back and plays well, then he could be a great trade chip at the deadline. I know the Pacers don't want to mess with their core players but they should always be looking to improve the bench. Also we need to start looking for a replacement for D.West bc he only has 1-2 more years in him. Hopefully two since we signed him for 3yrs before this season. Even tho I thought we should have tried to just give him a two year deal but I'm sure we asked him how many years he had left and wanted.
Gary Bo::Agree..would love the Pacers to get true point guard and let Hill attack the rim.  My only mild complaint with Hill is his shot selection at times. He has uncanny ability to put up a brick from behind the arc at bad times.
Patrick Talbert::Gary Bo There are very few 'true' PG's out there. I believe that Indiana has plenty of players who can make plays for their teammates (Stephenson leads the team in assists, Paul George can play 'point forward' if needed, and our bigs are some of the best-passing bigs in the league), so I don't see the need for a true PG.
