you love screwford::lol @ the nba
weeks98::BURKE WAS ON THE BOARD!!! $@%!$@% JOE DUMARS
BroncosLions::I
Calvin9299::The Nets could give Chicago some trouble in the playoffs minus Rose. Ofcourse, nobody knows if he's ready to play yet, with one exception, Rose.   It is a fact Rose has been pretty vague about his injury and his much anticipated return, so much so, fans are now questioning his will. Nobody knows his body like he does, granted, but at this point Rose looks a bit disengenuous, and I can't blame his fans.   If he sits the playoffs out without making a real attempt, many will lose respect for him.
buck0213::The nets really rebounded this season after they're 15-15 start where their season looked like it was going down the drain.  Very impressive season, but would be even more impressive if they defeat the Bulls in the first round.
Calvin9299::Rose might provide the advantage in his possible absence. If he decides he's mentally ready, lol, it might spark Chicago. We'll see !
malkit32::good step this year nets.. but goodbye in the first round chi town in 7 boii you feel me
capclip9::If you predict a 7-game victory for your team, you are not fully confident it can win. I say Nets win, that's it. No "games" prediction. Just, Nets win the series. Also, I do not know what the word "boii" means. I reckon it's slang for "boy". That's curious because part of the point of slang is to SHORTEN a word, yet your spelling elongates it by one extra letter, PLUS it is spelled wrong anyway. I don't know. Nothing you said made any sense. I mean it started out coherently enough and then turned to crap, yet I'm supposed to trust your prediction of a 7-game Bulls' victory. No Thank You.
Calvin9299::That's ghetto slang for " you understand me", I get it.  The Bulls minus Rose, if that should occur, are no lock.
meangreenmachine1616::The recap article says in the first paragraph that the Nets were on their way to a "12-win season" last year. Umm, that was 2009. We has 22 wins last year in a shortened season. Oh well, Broooooooooooooooooooookkkkkkklynnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!! Plaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyoooooooooooffffffffsssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RNYC_125::First round exit coming BK.
roblov1::What BS that the Pacers get the 3 seed because of a canceled game. They should have to play that game and win it otherwise the Nets should be the 3 seed.
Denis2224::Pacers rested all their starters tonight and still only lost by 10.
Rezo201::The Nets rested all their starters the other night and won. I don't get the relevance.
roblov1::Gah. My bad. Just saw the new rules. Figures CBS doesn't update em.
Mets2410::haha yea it's a dumb rule but whatever
roblov1::Since when does the division winner get the break. That's not what the tiebreaker rules state.  http://www.cbssports.com/nba/story/7164305
Mets2410::no they wouldn't pacers are the 3 seed no matter what. even if they played the game and lost the nets and indy would be tied and even though the nets are 3-0 vs them this year the first tie-breaker goes to the division-winner. indy won theirs nets didn't.
Dr. Pwnage.::Nope. Denver is the West 3rd seed despite the Clippers being the Pacific div winner. Same thing.
trademarktaz::With the 9th pick in the 2013 NBA draft, the Detroit Pistons select... Shabazz Muhammad, UCLA.
Mets2410::my friend's a big ucla fan and is not a very big muhammad fan
ohiostate-detroit::I wouldn't mind that.
t casey::Finally, this clusterf.u.c.k  of a season is over with. Hopefullly somebody from coaching or the front office won't still be around next year.  And to Nets fans, good luck in the playoffs.
ohiostate-detroit::Exactly!
Espn Streak For The Cash::Anyone see the celtics beating Knicks? Especially with the whole Boston Marathon can motivate them and we can possibly avoid heat in 2nd round
jrtall3n7::I think it could happen. Can't wait for that series.
t casey::The only way I see the Celtics winning that series is if the Knick's can't get and keep Tyson or K Mart healthy.
hitz2::NBA is a bracket winner of nets bulls faces the heat
hitz2::Right, celtics do have a good shot at winning that series
Mets2410::unfortunately
knicks_112ndcoming::to all those nets fans hating on us  on our boards saying we wont pass the celtics   lets see how u guys fare against #1 east defense in the league
hitz2::As much as I would like to say that's the bulls it's actually Indiana
jrtall3n7::who we just schooled
Mets2410::honestly I don't give a $@%! about you guys except for when we play you
thetrickbob::lol yeah i dont too much care for the knicks
Mets2410::haha ya he's annoying
thetrickbob::at least we all hate spike lee right?
DBrownDrose::game 1 what is your prediction?
thetrickbob::are the brooklyn nets gaining popularity?
Porkchop8920::We're 35-19 since PJ took over
Mets2410::yes first game is on saturday!!!
Espn Streak For The Cash::This honestly is such a good feeling being back in playoffs. Shout out to the real nets fans like me im sure you have the same feeling i have now too excited for Saturday
Mets2410::just bought my tickets lol can't wait!
Mets2410::damn that must've been freaking awesome
Espn Streak For The Cash::Nice! im gonna try to get to a game too, I went tothe game earlier in year vs bucks when JJ hit that 3 with 1 sec left to tie and then OT buzzer beater it was great
Porkchop8920::I've been a fan for a while. I used to have a K-Mart jersey when I was a little kid.
Espn Streak For The Cash::haha I had a Kidd jersey now i have a D-Will
Mets2410::same here man k-mart was my absolute favorite
Espn Streak For The Cash::Nets montage was so nice! cant wait for weekend #helloplayoffs
DBrownDrose::BULLS VS NETS ROUND 1  should be a good one
thetrickbob::bulls got this easy
thetrickbob::lol im just funnin you, hey its better than the bronx my uncle lives there
Porkchop8920::Except the one in the comment below
Porkchop8920::Every comment of yours is negative against either the Nets or Brooklyn as a city.
thetrickbob::how am i hating?
Porkchop8920::Hater
DBrownDrose::hope so
Porkchop8920::It better be. Im going on Saturday
Porkchop8920::OK, last I saw Nets were at 1 but still subject to change.
Mets2410::turns out both are saturday. knicks are 1 pm and nets are still tbd but most likely saturday night
Porkchop8920::Yeah I think the Knicks are Sunday
Mets2410::nvm just found out it's saturday which is much better than sunday
Mets2410::think it's sunday
Porkchop8920::This Nets montage is pretty good
knicks_112ndcoming::geat win Nets  using their Full Bench  LMAO
thetrickbob::yes explain
thetrickbob::idk it may be, but i personally like queens the best but im not from nyc
BKNets123456::Brooklyn is the best borough
thetrickbob::^yes
Porkchop8920::Top 10
thetrickbob::lol no not even close to the best team in the nba
BKNets123456::Brooklyn = #1
Porkchop8920::How is that funny?
knicks_112ndcoming::nvm
HEREWEGOIRISHHEREWEGO::We coulda had the 3 seed..darn
thehancheck::or if they lost to boston, but the game was canceled
Porkchop8920::If we had won out and the Pacers chocked ten yes, Division winners own tiebreakers
SPGCPA::yep...all we had to do was beat Toronto...
TheJTram::Okay...after that run, now i can finally officially say it. Good game, #FireFrankAgain, #BanFrankForever, good night
Minnysota Vikings::Will Bynum &gt; Andrew Bynum
SPGCPA::happy for Brook....wanted to be here...endured DwightMare...matured into an allstar..good for him..
Porkchop8920::Wow Brook Lopez had a great game
djny2k12::Lopez.....you know....ummmm......you know.....ummmm......you know....lol  good for him though!
iNeeroX::Lol I know I hate how he talks but he is my fav. Player
rayjayisle::PEARL WASHINGTON
DPetro10::Wow what an $@% crowd reaction I'm kind of pissed come on brooklyn
Tyrice240::no it not
DPetro10::$@%! yourself
thetrickbob::lol lets get real, brooklyn is an awful place
thetrickbob::its brooklyn though, like the worst city in the US
thetrickbob::lol congrats?
Porkchop8920::And 4th biggest if it weren't a borough
djny2k12::I know most of the starters didn't play but.....nets with 23 turnovers
rayjayisle::HOPSON
Mets2410::haha yes nets hold on. great first regular season in Brooklyn! good game pistons good luck to you guys next season. bring on the bulls!
159Yanks::Nets win. Regular season done. Playoff next against the Bulls. See ya next season Pistons fans
rayjayisle::BRADLEY
Computer_Wiz_Dude::Deron Williams hates his black father, and doesnt repsect black coaches. he quit on Avery, so he could get fired
Porkchop8920::Ever think that he got fired because they were 14-14?
thetrickbob::brooklyn goes soft, not hard at all
thetrickbob::lol the place too
Porkchop8920::Do you know who's in the game?
Mets2410::haha wow already
rayjayisle::OK MCELWAYNE, YINKA DARE, BOWIE TO START WITH
BKNets123456::what the what
jhsu210::i hope no one bet on nets -5 for this game.
michgoblue7557::This is some bullsh1t
DPetro10::Pj coach the game you $@%!$@% idiot
TheJTram::Wait hold on....wth happened? I just exited firstrow and next thing you know its within 4?
Mets2410::#NetsBench #ForrestGumpIQ
djny2k12::Really Nets???
BJSaxMan93::Wow bench, could you tank any harder?
michgoblue7557::Come on Brooklyn, stop tanking. Pistons need all the losses they can get
TheJTram::Yeah good game, #FireFrank, #BanFrank, the usual stuff &lt;.&lt; have a good one
mattcowboys77AD::see you in the future.
rayjayisle::WHAT THE HELL, ARE THE NETS TANKING THE END OF THIS ONE
Mets2410::LOL good thing these guys aren't our starters!
valpodarko::travis outlaw- worst signing in nets history
valpodarko::idk, for 7 mil a year??   5 yrs 35 mil
rayjayisle::I CAN NAME AT LEAST TEN WORSE
SPGCPA::I'll take that challenge...name us 10...
