MolasseScorpion1986::I'm sorry, but unless you're dunking on someone...that's not that impressive.
Clipper Ian::I was at the game and that dunk set the place on FIRE.
Magic are better than you::How are you bucks fans liking JJ?  He didn't have a big night tonight I see but you should be happy to have him.  Once he adjusts to your system he will be a big asset
Clipper_fan21::For those who say Blake can't shoot from 10-15 feet. In fact, he is about as good as most Big forwards, and better than some pretty big names.   http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/2004589/Big_Men_Jump_Shooting_Stats_1-12-12.jpg
ryanspradlin::Is it just me or did Crawford carry the ball there? I'm pretty sure you aren't allowed to throw the ball from one hand to the other in the air.
DaPhunksBack::If he doesnt have a 15 footer by now he isnt going to get one, you people are delusional.  He's a more athletic Shaq.  A guy who doesnt have any basketball skill but can dominate in the paint.  Tough to call someone a basketball player when they hit 50% from the line
Clipper_fan21::The myth that Griffin can't shoot from outside just isn't true
Clipper_fan21::http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/2004589/Big_Men_Jump_Shooting_Stats_1-12-12.jpg
joe quack::You obviously dont watch the clippers. Blake's jumper has VASTLY improved. I think he is shooting in the 45% range from 15+ out compared to his usual 37% for his career, and the shot will only get better.
KarlHungus1984::Comparing Blake to Shaq is delusional
Jubeejuba::Considering the bucks had no chance, they played pretty well, but face it, the clippers are just really good
trollvtroll6::Bucks played well. Just couldn't keep it up against the Clippers bench unit
dbriley33::it was ok Kobe's on smith was better though
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I'm not a Clippers or Blake Griffin fan but a great game for Blake and that dunk was SICK!!!!!
firespitter winged lizard::LOLOLOLOL that alley-oop was so g.ayyy... wow... are u guys all 12? or just g.ay lovers?... or both?
NameThatScrub::I love the irony in this, considering your juvenile name.
MatthewCornwell::Stop the presses!  Stop the presses!  both Ellis and Jennings shoot over 50% in the same game.  Some are calling it a modern miracle!
gt1master_ike::Call me crazy but I think the Clippers should take Butler out of their playoff rotation. the 8 man rotation should be Chris Paul, Chauncey Billups, Matt Barnes, Blake Griffin, Deandre Jordan, Eric Bledsoe, Jamal Crawford, Lamar Odom. Hollins, Green, Butler only come in  if any one gets hurt.
BANKROBBA2020::That dunk was incredible. The league would be so much more fun to watch if more players added dunks like these to the mix, instead of only bringing them out for dunk contests and All-Star Games.
Brewcrewtilldeath20::That's alright Bucks.  You were not expected to win that game anyways.  Just at least go 1-2 on this road trip
Harlem Shake::Sprite dunk intensity was 99 on that one
GreatnessRecords::The Time To Get It Is Now...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
GreatnessRecords::The Time To Get It Is Now...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
GreatnessRecords::The Time To Get It Is Now...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
GreatnessRecords::The Time To Get It Is Now...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
GreatnessRecords::The Time To Get It Is Now...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
Dachargers21::I still think VDN should Start Beldsoe who brings Great Defense in to start over Bilups who looks Slow!
FearTheOlympicBeard::Damn, why does everybody want Griffin to get better at jumpers? That's stupid. I don't want such a powerful force taking jumpers. I want him down low. He's unstoppable.
Dachargers21::Once he gets that 15-18 foot Jumper he is going to take the NBA Over!
.KB24.::One nice alley oop doesn't mean anything.  Flop city is still 2nd in the City of Angels.
TheBREEZ369::awww you mad bro? why don't you qualify for the playoffs before you think you're entitled to talk smack idiot
Dachargers21::Blake is a way better Dunker then James! I would love to see them in the Dunk contest next year!
Dachargers21::WOW! Blake had a Triple Double! He has 3 for his career. Blake is getting A Lot better. It's going to be Scary for the NBA once he has a Complete Game where he can hit that 15-18 foot Jumper! His Jumper has Improved greatly but he can get better! I still think VDN needs to get Blake the Ball in the post he is stronger,Faster and Smarter then anyone Guarding him! #cp3 for MVP!
Dachargers21::Much love for Jamal Crawford who is the best 6th man in the NBA! Sometimes I hope he starts but i understand why Vinny let's him come of the Bench! I still think the Starting Lineup should be Paul and Bledsoe in the Back Court! You ask why? Bledsoe is a FREAK and can play 1 on 1 Defense! VDN needs to give DJ more MINUTES! DJ is a Great Defensive  player and Rebounder! Billups looks Slow he should come of the bench!
Ameero80::Like Phil Jackson says:    Good teams get to 40 wins before they get to 20 losses.
RespectForTex::How about that Soonerhopeful1 making a fool of himself...everyone give him a hand! Educate yourself buddy.
SteelGot.it::Dope dunk and lob, no question about it.
Bela8442::HAHAHAHA i told ya all CLIPPERS would win you girls .. hehehe .. the bettings odds told us so .. hehehe
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Can't believe guy kept that going about a Stretch 4. Aldridge is a stretch 4, David West is a stretch 4. Someone who can play under the basket and shoot from anywhere on the court as well.  Edit: it is wrote down in many books about basketball, peoples autobiographys etc
Soonerhopeful1::I will lay it out...Bucks fans who say...." Stretch 4 " is related to shooting, are posting dumb as dirt garbage.....!           You will never be right, until you get an NBA coach, to say it...But they won't.  duh...          Bucks fans, must have a lot of Adolescent posters... its been a trash talking game message board...! I'm out a here...          when you find that coach...You got my handle, post me.  duh... it's a no brainer.
CATT MOBLEY::cp3 for mvp blake getting better and exciting to watch jamal crawfor for 6th man of the year clippers looking good i want them to take all this year
Soonerhopeful1::Mr. Drunk Monk....You need to repeat your amusing self truth..."  stretch 4, is a PF who hits the outside shot.".... Keep posting that, so all will know how wise you are, and can get a good laugh...    Should be  Mr. Drunk Monk humor...!   You are serious,,!
Nobel0303::The game was over when we put in marquis daniels smh...but we fought the entire game...great game Bucks! Confused on reddicks no show though.
Soonerhopeful1::Bucks can take one consolation in the Loss to Clippers...You made Lakers fans unhappy...!  Lakers fans were sure rooting for the Bucks...!  And they are crying in their crying towel.. And wrapped in their banners, and distracted by the bling bling rings they wear...All depressed being sub . 500..!
liberia01::last night it was the king and now the bucks
Jschlotty2::Guess the Bucks were too distracted by all the Clippers championship banners hanging in the Staples Center.
Dachargers21::There will be one this year! Try making the playoffs before you talk! I would LOVE to see the Lakers get smacked by the Clips in a 7 game Series to bad it will only take 4 games for the Clips!
Soonerhopeful1::Only homer fans even consider or notice the banners,, especially Homer fans.
PK009::this kid on the gs sac game forum said hell rather fetus ezeli over larry sanders and said sanders was overrated
Jschlotty2::&gt;Leading the league in blocks &gt;overrated what?
Koballhog::Ibaka led the league in blocks and is overrated.
liberia01::well lost money on the 2nd half over 102 so sad
Soonerhopeful1::For the uninformed about Griffin....Griffin has never played any other position then Center, until he went to the NBA...!  Griffin has never played with a taller or bigger player, until the NBA....    Griffin can play center, as he did in crunch time for PoP, in the All Star game, and difference in wins.
Soonerhopeful1::I'm not the one making troll posts or trash talking peolpe... I am trashing points, concepts, Ideas, and themes... which is righteous discourse under the rules...!  And Clippers posters are the best...They know and abide in the rules...but not you Bucks fans.
A Drunk Monk::I'm a Clipper fan actually. But Griffin is not a Stretch 4. He could be in the future, but as of now no decent defense will honor Griffin outside the paint.   They WANT him to shoot jumpers. He doesn't <b>stretch</b> the defense.
Soonerhopeful1::of course to personally say that about someone,,,Would be considered as a Troll post... which means the poster is a troll... you can say in third person,,  Words make Clippers look bad,, But being specific, about me, is a troll post...Guess you didn't know that either.....       Go Find me a coach who says that... or be thought a fool....
Soonerhopeful1::Mr. Drunk Monk....ha ha....You keep posting that...Very self informative post it is...     Of course it's worth money,  if you can find One, Just one NBA coach who  will say that..!   ha ha...You must be a young fan..!
Soonerhopeful1::ha ha...."Stretch 4, is PF which stretch's the defense with shooting...."   You are actually serious about that....!       Drunk monk may not be a handle but descriptive term..!   Stretch 4, has been and always will be a PF who can play Center..... Been that way before your mommy seeded you from the wood pile denizen.       Drunk monk you're a trip... and a uninformed silly trip.!
A Drunk Monk::LOL. LOL. LOL.   Nope. A Stretch 4 is someone who can shoot, typically the corner 3 or has any decent jumpshot that FORCES a defense to honor their PF assignment even if they are well outside the paint.  You're the type of Clipper fan that gives real Clipper fans a bad name. You know nothing of basketball.
toon263::there no true centers in the nba any more so yes a pf could play c even if its not there position kg chris bosh etc
Soonerhopeful1::Tell every coach in the NBA, they are wrong then, and how you know better.
A Drunk Monk::You're an idiot. A <b>stretch</b> 4 implies that the PF stretches the defense out with his shooting ability.   Players SAG off Griffin typically, and his presence does NOT stretch the defense out.
A Drunk Monk::Griffin is not a Stretch 4.
KG turn down CP3::CAN WE START THE PLAYOFFS NOW? THESE LOSER TEAMS ARE PLAYING TO LOSE NOW.
KMillGoPackGo::Not a huge fan of Lebron, but hes by far the Best BB player to ever walk the earth
Dachargers21::There is 50 other players better then James in NBA history! who CHOCKED in the Finals 3 times? 1 out of 3 NBA Finals MJ 6 of 6 so shut up Queen James!
KG turn down CP3::Not in a dunk contest though
PK009::shuddup skip bayless brainwashed idiot
KG turn down CP3::J CRAWFORD TO BLAKE = DUNK OF THE YEAR.
420Legendz::BEST DUNK EVER!!!
KG turn down CP3::BLAKE &gt; LEBRON
airicad::That combination of J-Crossover between the legs and BG32 windmill smash was just too much awesomeness in one play.
Soonerhopeful1::I love it when Homer fans, tell us how smart they are, and wiser then NBA coach's...!    ha ha...    You guys better keep your day jobs.
A Drunk Monk::Sorry, Blake Griffin is NOT a stretch 4.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Us? So I take it you have a few accounts going right now?
420Legendz::Damn Bucks got their arses whipped
KMillGoPackGo::Straight Cash Homie
vizion42::Bucks quit with 6 minutes left.. What a joke
KG turn down CP3::WHY THE HORNETS LOSE AGAIN? BOBCATS AND HORNETS DO NOT DESERVE TO BE EVEN IN THE NBA. FACT. WHAT A BUNCH OF LOSER. THEY PLAY TO LOSE.
Dachargers21::LOL
PK009::you dont know what a fact is. fact
rnathan2::damn i thought da bucks wud cover
istayblessed::good night fellas! this was a fun win. Im sorry to all I offended.  not really.
