dj 4 3::Last night the Warriors lost.  Nothing new, however, there was something at the end of the game that sort of bothered me.  5 seconds left, Warriors down by two, timeout called.  Warriors huddle together, around who?  Should be Mark Jackson, the head coach, right? A former player turned head coach, who has played under some of the best coaches in the world. Back to the point, the Warriors huddle around the asst. coach who is breaking down the last play to salvage a possible overtime opportunity.  The players did not execute, sloppy ending of the game, quite frustrating.  Mark Jackson, are you trying to tell the Bay Area that you do not have at least TEN last second plays in your mind that can be used that maybe you have stole from other coaches or came up with yourself?  The Bay needs you to step up.  The Warriors should be huddling around their coach, the life force of the squad, kinda like how the Mavs rally around Rick Carlisle at the end of the game? Are you helping this team build faith? Your actions last night were questionable.  Lacob, I know Mark Jackson impressed during interviews to get this job.  Is he impressing you with his actions and leadership on the floor in which you dropped millions on?
Logicalfan1::Wallace didn't Miss a single 3 pointer. Don't think we've seen that before.. Well done Wallace.
blazers3036::It was an ugly W, but it is still a W
CBass1317::now if the blazers will just bench Raymond Felton they might have a shot at winning some more games.
SFGiants1987::both teams played like crap. Warriors a little more so.
knicks_11::lol they were alot of former knicks palyers on the court tonight.
Rip_City27::Much needed win for the Blazers..
blazers2189::@kobelies: watch out for tomorrows game! your boy griffin and the clips will get embarassed nationally. take that my friend!! ROFL!
Kobelies247::Why do portland fans live in the past so much??  OH, Thats right....
blazers2189::LMA will kill you son of b i t c h! atleast they are professionals being paid! how about you?? hiding in your basement? kobelies247 and roymullins is only 1 person.
2ndStringCoach::The problem with the GS organization is that they are all business men crunching numbers with their formulas to put together a better team when what they need is a people person. Someone that will get down in the trenches, kiss babies, shake hands. Someone with the x factor. Until then they are doomed. When the Blazers fired GM Kevin Pritchard, it doomed them. They will be mediocre for years to come if something doesn't change.
csachse1::Fools gold for the Blazers. The $@%! show is sure to follow.
WonTheDay::DAMN Blazers put a whoopin on that $@%!$@ $@% team
brian.shearon::Winning by 2 is a 'whoopin'? Good lord are you deluded!
Rip_City27::Sarcasm dude
jzalvarado::Matt Steinmetz @MSteinmetzCSN  Reply  RetweetedRetweet  Delete    Jackson said he asked Ellis if he could play in 4th, and Ellis said 'yes.' But Jackson said it wasn't "a normal Monta Ellis yes."
jzalvarado::The 1 positive about all this IS THAT David Lee is taking over as one of the top big men in all the league.  I say its positive because if we need to get rid of Biedrins/Ellis's contract to free up cash (along with David Lee's monster deal) Someone's gonna want to take a bite out of it
jzalvarado::well the ultimate point is that I think David Lee, along with Ellis have some good trade value.
jzalvarado::Think about it.  A Knicks starting lineup of Lin PG Ellis SG Wright- SF Lee- PF Chandler- C  Guarantee you it would net them more wins than their current makeup
hozjo::Not sure about that, amare was part of one of the best P&amp;R tandems of all time, that said I wouldn't want to take his uninsured knees on. Now melo is still legit in the right role the question is would he be any better here than he was there.
pdawg1717::Agreed...Amare is on the way down too...Knicks fans should like it...I don't think I'd take it as a Dubs fan though...
hozjo::You know what makes me cry? The thought of Lin and Lee running a pick and roll. Lee was an all star in NY because of that play. Now move Monta AND Curry for Dwight Howard. Yea, you have a solid playoff team with all the spot up 3 shooters we have. Thompson getting the ball more, + Lee getting more easy buckets + Dwight + Lin = more points than we get now and better defense.
pdawg1717::The only guys worth keeping on this roster imo are Curry and Klay...blow the rest up...
pdawg1717::They scare me too but the fact they haven't traded him so many times they might as well commit to him for now...but you are right...why would ANYONE want to play here?
hozjo::Curry's ankles scare me, that and he just bought a house in Charlotte and hasn't made any kind of verbal commitment to sticking around.
jzalvarado::needless to say most of them said No.
jzalvarado::I was pondering with the Knicks fans if they'd be willing to trade Carmelo and Amare for David Lee/Monta Ellis and Dorell Wright (since they $@%!$ alot about Melo)... I think it'd make them better.  I think it'd make us better ;)
pdawg1717::Lee's defense is terrible and cannot grab the big rebound...he's the only guy playing right now though...I'll give him that...
pdawg1717::True but if you watch him his bad d is not guarding bigger guys - it's turning his head the wrong way on cutters and backing off guys driving to the hoop...stuff like that...
hozjo::His D isn't helped by not having a center, but yea.
jzalvarado::I agree, BUT he's filling up the stat line real nice WHICH means he will have alot of trade value.  I think thats awesome if we're trying to dump salary for future moves.
jzalvarado::So in that sense, i give Lacob credit for not Amnestieng David Lee prior to the start of the season
pdawg1717::To this day it still kills me that Ellison didn't get the team...I knew nothing about Lacob/Guber when they announced it back then but I knew enough about Ellison that I wanted him to get the team...
hozjo::Can you imagine how different this team would be if Ellison owned it. He poured 200 mil into a boat race and pledged 300mil more. He would amnesty Biedrins without a second thought.
super_lintendo_101::FRENCH FRY CHIK LIN
jzalvarado::well the good news is pitchers and catchers report in a few days.  Well good news if you're a Giants fan like me.. Oakland A's fans.. ur $@%! out of luck.. Again.
pdawg1717::Actually pitching will still be solid believe it or not...they just won't hit at all...Coco Crisp has the most HRs on the team at this point...that is sad...
pdawg1717::I hear you...their moves don't make a lot of sense right now...
jzalvarado::just yanking your chain.  I want the A's to do good.  I just think its sad that this team has been stripped of most of its parts in order to save money for a san Jose move.. oh and then they go out and sign a 'luxury'
jzalvarado::well its just nice to be able to play without all my starting staff being traded away before the season even begins
dankfranks_155::Haha good youre makin some progress. Lol Im just playin my guy. I say we from time to time too but dont say my. Dont make $@%! for sense.
jzalvarado::*little
dankfranks_155::Haha you didnt say "we". You said "my". Thats possessive. Take a trip back to grade school lil dude.
jzalvarado::u do realize im a fan.. and theres nothing worse i hate than d.ouches that try to correct a fan when they use the word 'We' to refer to their team of interest.
dankfranks_155::"all my starting staff" You know you arent apart of the Giants right?
pdawg1717::It is nice to play in a division where 85 wins can take it...
pdawg1717::Dubs need to trade Ellis for a big and give Klay more playing time...Ellis is starting to decline in my eyes due to all his uptempo play...trade him while someone still wants him...better do it soon though...
brian.shearon::What are you talking about? Were you even watching the game tonight? They need to trade that fraud Nate (who cost us the game tonight with his wild out-of-control play the ENTIRE second half - FOUR turnovers, NO assists and jacking up countless shots instead of distributing smartly).   Sitting Ellis for the entire fourth quarter while you have a PG who can't keep the ball to save his life? Coach Jackson showing just how green he is!
jzalvarado::they'll have to package him with David Lee in my opinion in order to get something of equal value
pdawg1717::I keep hearing Udoh in trade talks...I say let him go...he might block a few shots but cannot rebound at all...
WarriorsWarrior::Sad night.. Oh we'll gn warrior faithful!
Kobelies247::Griffin 23 15 LOL When was the last time LA had 15 rebounds?
dankfranks_155::Lol not to long ago. But hey how bout when Aldridge dominated Griffin the first time they played? I guess that settles it since all you need is one game to figure somethin out........
dankfranks_155::Oh my goodness tell me you picked up on that being sarcasm........
Kobelies247::1game? REALLY? LMFAO!!!!!!
WarriorsWarrior::Mark Jackson looks like Mike Singletary
hozjo::At least Singletary had pedigree, what did Jackson bring to the table?
jzalvarado::alot of slick talk.. thats the preacher in him.
pdawg1717::He is Mike Singletary...makes the same decisions...
jzalvarado::'looks'... he is the Second Coming
dcowboys0992::people who think the nba fixed this game to have a high scoring 1st half and a low scoring second are dumb dumbs. You lost, shut up
the1yankee::probablity of portland winnin this game tonight slim to nil and nil just strolled in!!!!! watched 2nd half and they were just waiting for GS to take this game but they wouldn't take it so portland said if you insist. kinda like givin your uncle the$20 back that he lent u and he wont take it!!! it was exactly like that and portland was my uncle i had to leave the WIN on the ground for him to take it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the1yankee::and talkin about smokin blueberry bubblers to tha brain
the1yankee::talkin about portland had no business winning this game tonight
the1yankee::until the man cut by the worst team in the league took a little of the drivers seat
_Jeremy_Lin_::What the hell are you talking about?
jzalvarado::Matt Steinmetz @MSteinmetzCSN  Reply RetweetedRetweet  Delete  " Jackson said Ellis under weather. Ellis not talking to media after game."  There's your answer Boys and Girls
brian.shearon::If I'm Ellis, I start hitting up my agent to talk trade. If you're going to consistently bench your best scorer in the fourth quarter in lieu of some FRAUD named Nate, then by god I want out.  Ellis has given his heart and soul to this team, and this is what he gets in return? Until Coach Jackson WAKES UP and realizes Monta, not nate, should be playing a majority of the fourth quarter, this team will continue to lose these close games.  Tonight was a prime night to take advantage of a team of ahead of us in the standings. Down their best players, Coach did all he could to roll out a horrible lineup. Nice work, Jackson!
the1yankee::whats the best way to avoid an altercation regarding monta ellis not playing in the final minutes of a close game, tELL MEDIA THAT MONTA WASN'T 100% I CALL BU(($@%!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pdawg1717::I was sick last week but still played a full 40 minute pickup game...suck it up Monta...
pdawg1717::Really? I figured he wasn't talking BECAUSE he's under the weather...why would he talk to the media if he was really sick enough to not play?
jzalvarado::uhmm no ur missing the point of the tweet Pdawg.  Mark Jackson says he sat monta ellis because he was under the weather.  His refusal to talk to the media says OTHERWISE
jzalvarado::Ellis deserves so much better than this.  Im NOT his biggest fan, but I remember when they promised him they were getting Amare and then they decide to keep the pick and draft another undersized shooting guard in Curry.
hozjo::Never bought in on Ellis, I think part of it was spite from the we believe team getting blown up, while he was on it I didn't really consider him a part of that. Oh and who the hell rides or more accurately cant ride a moped.  Give anyone his usage rate they could put up numbers, has always been way too inefficient and invisible on defense for my liking.
hozjo::I thought this was the era of no excuses?
pdawg1717::Yeah right...of course he's under the weather...he's pissed about sitting...
jzalvarado::I will put up with a couple of more years of losing if it means:  A).  Larry Riley gets fired B).  Mark Jackson gets fired C). Bob Fitzgerald gets fired  If these three things happen, I promise each and everyone of you, I will get season tickets for next year AND support the product
pdawg1717::Especially number 3...get Papa back in there...
hozjo::Its a shame cause I dig Rod, but I can't stand him.
WarriorsWarrior::Especially on knbr
hozjo::Fitz is the biggest homer, can't stand him and I'm a warriors fan. Always talks up how great the team is, what have we won?
WarriorsWarrior::Yes!!
Kobelies247::Portland will go back to CRAPPY team basketball when la returns...
dankfranks_155::Right, that makes sense. They'll be worse with there allstar forward.
dankfranks_155::Haha hey can you hook me up with that crystal ball you got my guy? Lol You actually think not having a mid range and close range threat like Aldridge is gonna make the team better
Kobelies247::Yes it kinda is....
Kobelies247::When was the last time they won in GS??? They wouldnt of got this win with LA in the game..... SORRY
dankfranks_155::Haha cause one game against a bad team is rock solid proof...... LOL!!! ARE YOU STUPID???
Kobelies247::THEY JUST PROVED IT!!! LOL!!! ARE YOU BLIND???
dankfranks_155::Go ahead and correct their
hozjo::I guarantee we will miss out on both the playoffs and our Lottery Pick.---- Mark "Hands Down, Man Down" Jackson
jzalvarado::if it means getting HIM fired i'm all for it
_Jeremy_Lin_::Does someone have your pick?
_Jeremy_Lin_::Oh yeah, D-Will trade. I don't think you guys are gonna be gettting that pick. Just good enough to not get the pick and just bad enough to not make the playoffs. lol
hozjo::Utah has it but its top 7 protected.
jzalvarado::Oh and the handling of Biedrins should be reason enough to fire Mark Jackson like yesterday.  4 points 4 boards right off the bat AND u try and get cute with the f.ucken lineup.
pdawg1717::Udoh had 1 rebound in 21 minutes!
hozjo::Definitely deserving of the #6 pick.
8SportMan::Portland is just a poor mans OKC...all jumpers and cool lookin fast breaks.
gopheyboy::Would Portland be where OKC is without injuries? Take away Westbrook and Durant and see where they are at......here's a hint: very close to where Portland is now.....
jpark1414::portland already beat okc in okc and got f'd over should have won a second so i doubt that they actually match up very well
8SportMan::Portlands just not as good is my point, both teams live and die by jumpers.
ericp6565::same with okc all jumpers
marcus21234::Y in the hell was Monta on the bench the whole 4th qrtr!!!!
jpark1414::i agree with you i'm just saying that is why he had nate in there instead of monta.
pdawg1717::Then sit Curry...he couldn't hit anything either but at least Monta can create...
jpark1414::you normally play the guy that is hot i can see why he did that cause if it was not for nate tonight golden state wouldnt have been close
_Jeremy_Lin_::That's what I was wondering.
jpark1414::cause he couldn't make a shot the whole game and nate was making everything
jpark1414::so i wonder if roymullins is going to come over and talk trash tonight after the blazers won?
WarriorsWarrior::Jackson lost it.
the1yankee::yeah he thinks he has al the answers no matter what cord he pulls what am i lookin 4 ARrOGANT $@%!$@%
pdawg1717::It's one thing if other guys were hot in the 4th...but why sit him when everyone else is throwing up bricks?
hozjo::He was a subpar Point Guard and TV commentator, what do you expect?
8SportMan::he was cool on tv
_Jeremy_Lin_::Ellis should have been in.
PacTenJunkie::As a Blazer fan, GS should go to Klay Thompson more. The kid is a sniper.
PacTenJunkie::He could be a future all star for you guys. So many weapons on that team. They should be better than they are, no question.
the1yankee::lil skaky handlin the rock needs others to get him shots
pdawg1717::They usually run a lot of screens for him but didn't even try to tonight...
pdawg1717::We all know it...but tell the head coach that...he doesn't...
Steven7355::OMG we won a road game?  Say it isn't so
pdawg1717::No...the Dubs lost it...
Kobelies247::Been down on this team all season but im glad they pulled it out!   Funny, they finally played like team with no LA!!!
jzalvarado::dont get too excited there... It was against the Warriors.  BUT saying all that, I don't know how Portland does it year in and year out but they always seem to field a pretty solid team
jzalvarado::I guess no chants of "MVP MVP!" for Nate Robinson ala Jeremy Lin by the Garden faithful after tonight's Knicks blowout win
pdawg1717::"Faithful"?...please...
hozjo::Monta Ellis showing why he should be an all star.
jzalvarado::I wonder how many more years this Warriors brass gives Mike Singletary to try and turn it around.  Mike Singletary MAY be a 1 and done.. in which case I suspect they give the job over to Mike Malone
the1yankee::maybe they can get Ms Doubtfire from purdue in there to replace em'
WarriorsWarrior::Yeah.
pdawg1717::Give it to him now please
Mole1932::Bad Bad Bad Bad Coach......you lost the game.....sure can't blame the ref. this time....they were good....
LostAussie95::Good win tonight, and felton only had two turnovers :D
LostAussie95::No, can't even watch any games anyymore now D:
2ndStringCoach::did you watch the game? you might as well have the mascot running around in place of Felton
pvhawkespn::Glad the Warriors got a player like Robinson to do everything wrong that all the young guys were already doing anyways. Looks like another year of mediocrity followed by a mid-level draft pick that never pans out.
2ndStringCoach::bad coaching man. if you get out classed by Nate McMillan you need a new braintrust and a new coach.
jzalvarado::Uhmm no.. we lose the draft pick if we don't end up Bottom 7.  sorry to burst your bubble
jzalvarado::maybe Monta Ellis got pulled because he's been traded
Mole1932::does not matter what monte did.....don't sacrifice the game coach.....your fault for loseing...
Mole1932::Eskimo's are not to smart up here......maybe we go to the lower 48 and get educiation.....OK
Mole1932::Alaska language
Mole1932::yes we up here in Alaska don''t go to school in the bush.....
Kobelies247::Bush?
Mole1932::for get the spelling you know what i said.....
Kobelies247::For get?
2ndStringCoach::we call it pigmy language.
2ndStringCoach::its how ppl from oakland spell
Kobelies247::Loseing?
2ndStringCoach::I'm really disappointed that the Blazers couldn't win this game, they had to let GS beat themselves.
jahraffe3::In your eye Nate!
Brianhau529::I'm pretty sure that 3 Jamal made wasn't because of the Warriors beating themselves, or those clutch freethrows. lol
jahraffe3::Your ignorance shows why you're "second string."
Kobelies247::lol
2ndStringCoach::Nate Robinson is a great hustle ROLE player. Its terrible coaching that lost the game for GS not Nate.
jahraffe3::BIG UP Blazers! Without the captain, y'all played your hearts out and got a rare win in Oaktown! What a fun game to watch! GG Warriors.
jzalvarado::Matt Steinmetz @MSteinmetzCSN  Reply RetweetedRetweet  Delete   Robinson makes 1-of-2 FTs. Tie game with 51.1 seconds remaining. Looks like Monta won't be playing in 4th quarter.  According to Warriors beat man Matt Steinmetz, Coaches Decision on sitting Monta Ellis.. Me suspects Mark Jackson was unimpressed with his defense throughout the first 3 quarters
the1yankee::BUT YEAH WANT MONTA  in FOR LAST SHOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the1yankee::NO $@%! U IT WAS A COACHING DECISION DONT NEED NO BEAT WRITER TO TELL ME MONTA IS SHOOTIN LIKE $@%! I KNOW
WarriorsWarrior::bs... Jus saying
jzalvarado::yeah I agree.. but we've got the second coming of Mike Singletary running the Warriors
wadeisthegreatest03::In mark Jackson's defense you go with the hot guy.  Nate was that in the second half.
jzalvarado::check out his stat line Wade... Hot is Lee.. Nate Robinson was just chuckin ball after ball up there...
OregonLou::Did roymullins check in tonight and get to witness a "rare" road win by the Blazers??
OregonLou::Yes it is, it easily describes the Blazers road "Woes".
Kobelies247::Is rare even the word?
maxboltz619::Fucc u warriors! Sorry as.s organization. Hiring Jackson just tells you, u guys heading in the wrong fuccin direction.
ABDWaves::Did Ellis foul out in 4th Q?
dankfranks_155::Why do people ask these questions? See that button called "Boxscore"? Click that $@%! and it'll answer your question.
ABDWaves::haha my bad
dankfranks_155::Haha yes it does. It tells you how many personal fouls someone has u f.u.k.i.n. idiot
ABDWaves::it dont say if anyone foulded out u f.u.k.i.n. idiot
