refreshing29::Woohoo!  Something to cheer about in DC!  Politicians are idiots, CAPS stink (worst in NHL), yet the Wiz are giant killers at home!  Best of all, they aren't fill with the head cases of yesteryear.
BeenaHeatFanSince1987::Just when you thought the Nets were good
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::No one thought the nets were good......
Gucci Force Four::Who thought that?
philyeagles5x86::20 points on 20 shots...
Gucci Force Four::DWill is one of the most overrated "stars" in the NBA. A glorified volume shooter if you will
Marty3531::The Wizards are 10-7 their last 17 games Wow.
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::@Gucci, which NBA analyst with a brain predicted that? They were expect to be better but not a playoff contender.
Gucci Force Four::A lot actually. Forget which ones but before the season started a lot were expecting the Wiz to compete for one of the lower seeds.
Gucci Force Four::Shouldn't be a shocker. The Wiz were expected to compete for the playoffs had they been healthy at the start.
Gucci Force Four::Loved seeing the Nets get stomped
.BootyLoaf::wizards are fu.cked financially. don't have any wiggle room. they need to hit a homerun on this next draft to be a dangerous team in a year or 2
1337atul::? Every contract except Nene and Beal comes off the book at the end of next year. Learn what you are talking about, please. They will have Wall, Nene and Beal on the books at the end of the 13-14' season, max room.
Dave57514::This Wizards are one big man away from being a threat out of the east next season.
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::EVen though the wizards have beaten top teams the last few weeks, the wouldn't last in the playoffs. YEs, the beat the heat, thunder bulls and etc, but a four game series with any of these teams and they would get killed.
tizi6969::They have enough for a no8 seed right now... is wall was there at the beginning of the season wiz would be in the playoff picture
CHICAGO BULLS DYNASTY 2013-2020::Wall, Beal, Ariza, Zeller, Nene  should be enough for no. 8 seed
tizi6969::What you need more is a scorer off the bench, since Crawford obviously isn't cutting it any more
This_Guy1::good job Wizards.  Welcome to the club, Nets. Current members of top teams losing to the Wizards are: Thunder, Heat, Bulls, Clippers, Nets, and Knicks.
toshsghost::Wall has made me do a complete 180.  Guys are going to love playing with him for YEARS down the road.  His energy is contagious &amp; he's got the DC crowds believing.  Wall will bring a ring.  You heard it here first.  The right pieces are coming together.  Takes 5 on the floor to win championships, and that essential team chemistry will all start with Wall at PG for DC.  If Wall isn't already locked down for the next 10 seasons, they should sign him up fast.  Don't mess around.
toshsghost::Really like what Singleton and Beal said.  "Looking at the standings right now just hurts" &amp; "Whatever our record is should be the opposite".  Wow.  I can't remember a Wizards team so discouraged with losing.  For years the attitude in DC has been, oh well, at least we're in the NBA.  Now it seems this franchise is FINALLY headed in the right direction, bringing on guys who want to win together, and have fun doing it.  Winning 8 out of the last 9 at home is a good starting point.  That's where you hold serve in the playoffs.  Make it so nobody wants to face you at the Phone Booth.  Get loud DC!    It's a new era with Wall, Beal, &amp; Ariza starting to gel.  DC is a scrappy sports town.  As long as the effort is there, fans will love you for life, win or lose.  But the rings are coming soon!  Can't WIZ-AIT!!  (Man I wish they were still the Bullets).
IAMLEGEND_101::REGGIE EVANS IS YOUR STARTING PF :(
ShazBo88::I wonder what he's going to complain about this time...
ShazBo88::Awwww what's the matter? I don't see ya'll talking about how your team wouldn't lose to the Washington Wizards now... Go back to Jersey!
Ameero80::why is marshon brooks only playing 11 minutes? and who will brooklyn trade for josh smith?
IAMLEGEND_101::no body
IAMLEGEND_101::IS BROOKLYN IN DA HOUSE?????????
SKINZ4LYFE 21::How did Jordan Crawford get a DNP.... RANDY IS A DUMBA$$
Jrunes520::Apparently not
Jrunes520::The wizards are a really underrated team.  -Nets fans who trolled the Knicks two,days ago
Grindhouse2413::Good win Wizards. You guys are playing well. If you had Beal when you played us, I am not sure we would have won last Friday  Grizzlies
apeterlives::wizards have been decent at home but they don't show up on the road (for whatever reason)
toshsghost::Not true as of late.  May not show in the Win / Lose column, but they have been competing tough every night.  Different era coming on.  Just WIZ-AIT.
partygeorge::John Wall is a better pg than D. Will
theorangeturtle::"There's no part of me that wants to come back here to the Wizards," Blatche said.  There's no part of me that wants Blatche back here with the Wizards.
robbery689::every time he opens his mouth its about playing for the Wizards  he seems to forget nobody wanting him here then and we surely dont want him here now
sephkane::The Nets are a terrible team.  -The Wizards
tman8010::I'd be scared to play the Wizards right now
Self Made... You Just Affiliated::The Wizards are beating all the good teams.
Jrunes520::And they also beat the nets
AJE356::Why do Wizards fans hate Blatche?
clark0610::did you just start following basketball this year?
mackeyr78::i think jordan crawford will be shipped out by trade deadline, minutes been on a steady decline since
bigdaddywizzle::So glad Blatche is gone from the Wizards.  Merry Christmas Nets fans.
Elorm17::.
Streak4MoreCash::I just got back from this game and all I can say is Deron Williams is not better than John Wall. Wall knew he could take it to Dwill at any time and he did.
Jrunes520::And d won't makes twice as much
YogaBeer::Next year the Wiz/Cavs back in the PO
Elorm17::Did the Nets Win?
syreeta blue::wall will be an allstar next year
James Harden 3 point Celebration::so good to see wall back. Wizrds giving other teams fits now
TheAvenger007::Wizards play extra hard against good teams. They ought to play like that all the time.
Maxi Klinger::As i said a while back, the honeymoon is way over for PJ........Williams ans Johnson are rubbish
Coffin_Filla::can agree except for Gay
karelp::All-overrated team:  Dwight C Bosh PF Rudy Gay SF D-Will PG Joe J SG
Shay Jacuzzi::Blake is the pf in that lineup not bosh
dmdpro::bosh averages 19 and 9 as a 3rd option he is far from overated
karelp::Nets are 10-18 against winning teams, and lately they can't even beat bad ones.
Beat Your Bookie::Hopefully you all followed @BeatYourBookie1 on twitter. Great showing on the first night. Follow now to see what all the hype is about! Get the picks while they're still free!!!
partygeorge::D Will is having an off year.
TDRwolff::NENE' completely buries lopez and blatche tonight
romeo8880::Wizards fans probably think John Wall is as good as Kyrie Irving.  lollllll
Supergrass244::Jason Kidd couldn't shoot either when he came into the league. It would be nice if Wall could develop any kind of consistent jumper. He is up there with the top point guards in most other areas, outside of still turning the ball over too much.
Shay Jacuzzi::John Wall has a higher ceiling than Kyrie Irving
Aminah-Foluke::lol irving better than paul???? u don't know bball at all!!!!!!!!
tizi6969::All irving can do is shoot, he is a poor mans chris paul...   If John Wall had been playing all year he'd be on the all star team
kmoe332::all John Wall can't do is shoot though.. pretty important part of the game. I don't think you can go wrong with either guy, both all stars for many years to come
romeo8880::Irving is better than Chris Paul.
AbdellIsWinning::<b> SHEEP LOSE</b>
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::NETS fell victim to the Wizard bug thats been going around. They take out all the top teams but lose to mediocre ones.
CjhCarter::Man that steal and dunk by John Wall was sensational.
romeo8880::He won't be in the NBA in 5 years.  Just another college player who doesn't belong.
kmoe332::trolling? can't be serious
Daedalus Crete::you should just not comment. you sound silly
Knight13951::lol
GeorgeTownDC29::SO what are the thoughts on Wittman? He can coach defense and there are runs like this that make me trust him, but he can be so bad at times, His records past 2 years have been horrid especially on road
terps4day::speak for your $@% hole. !$@% your opinion this young nucleus of wiz got a bright future ahead of them wall beal Crawford sarapin are a good building block. wittman is ok but lets judge him now that his squad is at full strength
GeorgeTownDC29::Dont get the hostility but the bottom line is he was a 20 win coach in Minnesota. and hasn't hardly improved his record here. Good coaches can coach and still get wins even when their best player is out ex. (Thibbodou). Wittman at the end of the day has a really crappy resume so I dont understand why you think he is good.
Knight13951::Whittman is horrible. Wizards would be much better off shipping him and finding a real coach. He's lucky Wall came back to save him of even more embarasment.
PartTimeHomer::He's terrible. Leaves injured guys in too long. Lets momentum swing too far. Can't coach big men (but name the last Wizards coach who could, I guess). Not sure he can really coach D, he's just been blessed to receive a lot of players that know how to play D. Having Okafor protect the rim is huge. Wall, Temple, Beal and Ariza are above average to great defensive players.  So it's not like he has to come up with any sort of system. I don't like the guy. He looks good now because the team's winning games. There's the big question, though. Who are we going to get that's better? If the Wiz finish strong, maybe a candidate will step up, but after the whole Gilbert thing and the years worth of fallout... good coaches who want to protect their career records probably see the team as nothing more than poison.
GeorgeTownDC29::Thats true. I was surprised when we got Flip Saunders when he was hot but he ended up being the absolute worst coach. I think we could get a solid guy like Coach Avery who basically set up the system thats helping the nets now
nelll504::Are the Capitals the worst team in DC?
PartTimeHomer::Right now? Yeah. In general? No. $@%! happens, man.
GeorgeTownDC29::Them and the Wiz are the worst at the moment.
thekola::one thing i'll say about PJ is that he doesn't do anything to stop those bad stretches during games. he just lets them play through it, which they are never able to do. He might wanna pull the trigger on the timeout a little sooner to calm the team down and restore order.
GeorgeTownDC29::Redskins Wizards National Capitals will all win championships soon
PartTimeHomer::As soon as all of the Caps top draft picks that are still overseas show up, sure. Two top tier players that just ... aren't here.
PartTimeHomer::celtics fans 100 - I think ovi is sick of loseing  He hasn't really lost with the Capitals before this year, though (well, not since before Bruce came on as coach). So I don't get that train of thought. If you mean sick of not having won the Cup? Sure. But a lot of that is his fault for not being in shape when he should have been.  Hard to flip a switch. He's the leader, so the team goes as he does.
celtics fans 100::I think ovi is sick of loseing
GeorgeTownDC29::Hell yeah man, Still thought we had a couple of great chances with Ovechkin but just couldnt finish series
evhredskin::Hello anyone thre
iNeeroX::i am about to go out can't deal with this want to kill pj
celtics fans 100::Me
nelll504::Great win, but the wizards aren't going to the playoffs. And they could use one more high lottery pick. I'll be damned if Ted Leonsis signs the premier player we need to put us in legit contention.
TJ1234509876::Won't be in contention :/
celtics fans 100::Wiz have a franchise player and redskins have a franchise player
evhredskin::Capitals
celtics fans 100::Ovi
nelll504::And the nats have several!
celtics fans 100::In dc you got rg3 wall Harper strawsburg man your sports team have good franchise players
