spersack::will the bucks ever be relevant again?
d_bokk::god damn bucks
Joeschmo loves Heat::<b>Sacramento is a joke. Cousins is a joke. Hope they have fun moving out. </b>
cooper8820::Here are Cousins stats   2011-12 Statistics PPG 14.4        RPG 10.10       APG 0.7         $@%+ 16.57  You still wanna say he's a joke? You're probably the only one who liked your own comment.........
cooper8820::haha they censored E.FF (efficiency)
unitedfourlife::you are a joke....and your comment was useless....i want my two seconds back..  you don't come back from a 21 point blow out to win if you are a joke...
BertFurve::same could be said about your life
the702shogun::no matter what the subject, it's always back to lebron can't get a ring, lol
cooper8820::if he wants to leave his garbage here, i'll try my best to strike a nerve haha
cooper8820::Lebron has another ringless season.
glenn1234291::Its obvious that Jackson isnt the answer!! He is selfish more then Salmons is!! They have no backup center and no Physical players!! They need someone in the mold off Charles Oakley to play inside and not be scared to throw people out of the lane and grab 10 to 15 boards. Anymore the game is so boring to watch because of the lack of physical play. Its really the NBAs fault for getting so worried about the way the physical play looks. If Jordan played he would scored 40 points a night because they dont allow physical play at all know days. The Bucks just need to start getting rid of people and keep players like Leuer, Sanders,Delfino,Livingston and get better team players!! I knew the Jackson trade was death for the Bucks team!! He is so selfish as is Jennings!! Good luck trying to win 30 games with this bunch of selfish players!!
impalergb::Id play leur Sanders delfino Livingston and udich more they can at least play team ball Jackson shoots about 30% Jennings for every good play he makes makes another bad play turnover the bucks got some talent but I think another injury year for the Guy who said. Wisconsin fans don't support our team u fullof $@%! been 11 years since we went to con and ference finals and scked before that the packers have been good since 96 and at least entertaining and the brews shaved sucked since forever but we got a GM and owner who know how to win and spend money on players finnally but its not ludacris but skiles a defensive coach and whatever he telling them to do on offense isn't working lots of turnovers and they look lost the bucks have some talent but u can tell for years they quit on him I mean look have the packers blown a 21 pt lead or the brewers.  Blow 5 run lead time after time no bucks need a change in GM cuz hevthinks skiles good yea were 4th in defense. But 24 in offense but this is funny part were 24 and we played bobcats jazz nuggets kings wizardsn timberwolves some $@%!$@ teams so this offense goingvsuck all year skiles plz go Hammond resign plz
DaleHammers3::i tried to make sense of this huge run-on sentence, i really did but im afraid i failed
ShaqLee_1::Cousins!!!
unitedfourlife::i still don't think he's proven himself, but he played well last night.
milwaukeemonster::cousins suck...i still wondering how he can get a coach fired 6 games into a season...
rb95628::Wow! People still saying Cousins got Westphal fired? WESTPHAL got Westphal fired. He has no idea how to put a sensible rotation on the court. He has done the same thing to other players in the past. He was clueless at best. THEN the Cousins fiasco happened. He unfortunately may still be the Kings coach if he would have dealt with the Cousins situation in-house. Once he took it upon himself to go public, he wrote his own death notice.
cooper8820::19 points and 15 rebounds, yeah he really sucks.......
Doug48105::Screw Cousins.  Send him back to his playpen.
cooper8820::Playpen or not............ 19 points 15 rebounds
JMurph407::Every time I see Shaun Livingston I cant help but replay that injury in my head. I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
GetHype21::Where is Bogut? Undisclosed reasons? You do realize that this is only a 66 game schedule right? All the money you are making you better get your A$$ back to the starting lineup. Sick and tired of these players getting babied every chance they ask to be. Udrih has injury problems, Livingston and Dunleavy have injury issues, Bogut out, Bah Moute already injury issues the list goes on. Not too mention Scott Skiles, geezus could we have stuck with a worse coach? Guys are not buying into your system anymore, I hope I am wrong. You don't start out 0-4 on the road and blow 21 point leads.
VOLSch513::Stephen Jackson has been awful and if he doesn't pick his behind up you can forget playoff basketball in Milwaukee.  Also, this team has been mentally weak so far this year.
tincuprob::Someone should tell the Buck's players that the lock-out is over and they can come back to work now.
ShaqLee_1::Cousins put up nice numbers
johnnyx2011::Lets hope he'll listen to this coach or one of them has to go soon just like Westphal.
PeterPPK::The Bucks should hire Bill Simmons as their GM.
milwaukeemonster::i knew we was going to lose this game....whenever a 20 point lead is lost...more often than not the game is too...
mwlevine::If Smart can get Cousins to buy in, Kings are a real PG away from being very legit. The talent here is still great. Thorton having a fantastic start
danielwsmithee::For as much as Thorton scores he is the prime example of whats wrong with the Kings.  The Kings offense consists of a wing taking it to the hoop no matter what without a thought of a pass even though he is triple teamed.
cooper8820::Didn't Thornton bring us back into the game last night? Last night's focus wasn't about running offensive sets because Smart was hired about 4 hours before the game. I was expecting them to play like that. Now that Smart is coaching there i bet there will be better offensive sets.
fodough::haha i saw the bucks won 97-93 last night too.  wtf
jamie 423::couldve sworn i saw this game ended 97 to 93 last night maybe i was seeing things
carlo_87::why delfino has played only 12 minutes?
rockndoc3::Serious question.  What are the chances the Kings make the playoffs?
unitedfourlife::35% chance ill give them...which was better then the 10% from last year....
cooper8820::I bet they make a good run at the end the season fighting for the 8th seed. I think they have a very good shot at the playoffs if they play to their potential.
johnnyx2011::50% if I'm dreaming
MrBillyBates::zero
gorurk::would have liked to see how cousins would have played if the bucks front court was at full strength...
cooper8820::Would've been the same result
mdfajs65::The Bucks are at Best an NBA Developmental League Team. Get real Bucks Fans this team is a Joke!
johnnyx2011::Bogut for Cousins?
VOLSch513::Bogut was a Top 5 center in 2010 until he had his arm ripped apart..  he just hasn't got the swagger back
stickgril::agreed and I'm a fan.....Frustrating watching them year after year SUCK! and continue to do nothing about it..Bogut needs to go, he's been useless for years..Every year we have a team of mish mosh then trade the best player away for a slurpee and a hot dog
Jaydotta5thmajor::slurpee and a hot dog lmao
roll_n_riot::Chucky Hayes dislocated shoulder, he'll be back next game, toughest mofo in the league.  Look at the list of injuries he's gone through and still played and still gives you all the intangibles on defence.
johnnyx2011::A nice guy who works hard on defense. Maybe he can teach Cousins a thing or two.
unitedfourlife::hopefully if cousins listens to him
DaleHammers3::hes awesome, glad we got him
rentedduckling7::Guys, the Bucks well... Aren't going to make the playoffs. Untill KOBE Bryant comes to Milwaukee! we will never see another championship again!
johnnyx2011::Kobe will demand a trade right away or never show up to a game. Let alone never show up to practice and will retire unless Miltown has another Vanessa to persuade him to stay.
DaleHammers3::lol Kobe would tank your team worse than anyone
rkuske10::the bucks are gonna have to hope they win every home game if they can't win on the road against average teams
packerbob74::When the bucks lose i check out this site   http://mocha.com.ph Yes i check it out a lot,,, HOT HOT HOT....
packerbob74::I just looked at the stats????  How did we lose this game????
DaleHammers3::yeah, rebounding tends to win games
wtfaldavis::Kings had 1 less offensive rebound then the bucks had defensive rebounds.
supreme91::Bucks Suck
packerbob74::I think Skiles and BB went to the same coaching camp...
packerbob74::ONCE AGAIN 3 QUARTER BUCKS!!!   Skiles needs to go!!
johnnyx2011::You guys need Jerry Sloan as your coach
xGodofAcidx::Here's the question.. do you think Bogut would have made a difference down the stretch?
c5cguru::Oh yes he would have...Cousins is much better than Bogut will ever be...just wait and see what happens with him.
gorurk::No, but Cousins wouldn't have scored 19 points with 15 boards...
packerbob74::Every 4th qtr he pulls in the rains and get defensive!!!  And look what happens 90% of the time!  We have some good athletes on this team,, We need a offensive coach who will run them ALL game..
CheeseheadNation2011::True but in reality I think his players dont listen or respect him
ghettoslider::i think thats on the players.. if some players dont respect him or listen to him then its up to management to back skiles and punish the players
boudz::in defense to Skiles, look what he has to work with
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::T. Evans 26 Pts, 10 Reb, 5 Ast, 2 Stl, 1 Blk
CheeseheadNation2011::Would it even matter if lets just say they lead the league in scoring but there team only wins 15 games this year
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::evans is to much up and down even though westpaul was in for him
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::i like shumpert of newyork im plaining to change my name to him
ghettoslider::hey tyrekeisabeast stop liking your own comments
xGodofAcidx::B. Jennings 31 Pts, 3 Reb, 7 Ast, 5 Stl  At the end of the season, neither of these teams will be a contender. A nice stat line makes a playoff team not.
CheeseheadNation2011::Bucks, Pirates, Rams take your pick  as the worst sports franchise in the last 10 years
VOLSch513::Bucks?  C'mon they're not that bad.. Two years ago they were the fourth best team in the east by the end of the year
boudz::When have the Pirates made an effort to stay competitive?!
xGodofAcidx::Last year was the first season in about the last 20 that the Pirates were a buyer at the deadline
CheeseheadNation2011::I dont think there is a wrong answer
Padger Fan::Im not talking front office or management...  Im saying at least the players they have make a competitive effort
Padger Fan::Bucks are worst....   at least pirates and rams make an effort to win and stay competitive...
Send Brian Scalabrine to the 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in Orlando.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB  Copy and paste this everywhere and let people know. Only with your help can Brian make it to Orlando.  This is our facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Send-Brian-Scalabrine-to-the-2012-All-Star-Game/170373419730053?sk=wall
ghettoslider::the worst part of tyreke's selfish play is that he actually thinks it is helping his career
Padger Fan::I am a diehard Wisconsin everything fan....  Brewers, Packers, Badgers, Golden Eagles, Phoenix and not the Bucks anymore....   Im tired of the garbage the Bucks put on the court year in and year out.....  Its beyond frustrating, its just pathetic now....    I could care less if the Bucks stay or go or get detracted, etc....
johnnyx2011::Maybe the owner should pack the team and go to Honda Center in Anaheim. They need a third NBA team in LA.
youngsherm17::once your team leaves you wont be happy... happened to my Seattle Supersonics, and now look at them.. the Thunder are one of the best teams.
boudz::Ok but sub .500 teams make the playoffs now days.... what does an 8 seed and getting trounced by the Heat prove?
squiddy45::I'll see u both on here when the bucks are in the playoffs
squiddy45::Saying u could care less means YOU  COULD care less
boudz::Yeah, last year was my first Bulls game, and I went to the Bradley Center. I would say it was 90 percent or more Bulls fans. I think the Bucks better open their eyes and realize their fans arent coming out to support this garbage. Not to offend any fans, but lets face it, putting that team on the floor is a slap in the face to the fans. Wish you guys the best of luck, because I know how passionate Wisconsin fans are
CheeseheadNation2011::Same here die hard wisconsin sports fan but if I wake up tomorrow and they tell me the bucks are out of here I would not care one bit
CheeseheadNation2011::Very true they are not fun to watch at all no BS I dont know how many times I turned down free bucks tickets last year it was at least 7 or 8 times
Padger Fan::I dont mind having a losing team..... Well I would rather they win but  I just hate the fact that they are a non-competitive losing team....
zags 79::LOL, at those saying its "one game, stop whining". The Bucks are not a good basketball team. They cannot score, they have no discipline, no athleticism,they have no depth, are poorly coached,have no stars, and are a long ways away from being a contender or even mediocre basketball team. Even if they make the playoffs they are basically just easy fodder for the Bulls and Heat.
CheeseheadNation2011::I couldnt have said it best THE BUCKS SUCK
Pujols sold out.::I can't remember what year this was, but the Kings team that had Peja, Bibby, Webber, etc was probably my  favorite team all-time.
Psychrates::Yup. Funny how the cancer has the ring, huh?
ghettoslider::replace bibby with j-will and that was my favorite team
impalergb::Going to be a long long long year no chemistry coach bad shooters they look exactly like deer out there lost and cconfused. I mean God at least even with bad coaching they can play fundamentally but helpless no turnovers passing free throws. Smh
Jeff072092::Does anyone else remember that time the refs cost the Kings a trip to the finals?
Psychrates::$@%!, Ralph Nader remembers the '02 WCF.
line_skogans::I still cry a little when I think of it.
RichieJJ88::All Kings fans remember the 2002 WCF.
priteshpatel4::I will never forget how the best team in the league ('02 Kings) lost because of a set up game.
RichieJJ88::Good start to the Smart era for the Kings.
impalergb::thi team is a joke dunleavely pulls his groin must thought he Dirk diggler bogut has to go to austraila cuz his kangaroo ran away I think this team diesntvwant to play for skiles got get rid of him no wonder why the bulls did I've Bern watching bucks for years they never this injured year after year bad chemistry again God I miss the ray Allen cassel Robinson days
impalergb::iimI'm nnonot eeveveeven lying bogut lost his kangaroo and that's why he in Australia this team has no pride nothing
DaleHammers3::seriously dude.... proof-read.... please
CheeseheadNation2011::You aint lying I use to love watching the bucks when they had Allen, Robinson Cassel, Tim Thomas
squiddy45::You "bucks" fans are a joke. Typical Wisconsin sports fans overreacting once again. The bucks will make the playoffs and u people will jump right on the bandwagon. Go bucks
HTOWNRAIDERS1023::Is it really a bad thing that we demand the best from the athletes in our state? why would you not be upset at a loss?
squiddy45::Jackson is horrible and Harris needs to spend more money on the team, but it is a trend with all of our sports. Can't tell with the packers this year, but go back to last year. Mccarthy was under fire all last season before the playoffs. And don't even get me started with the brewers. Its amusing listening to radio talk shows right after a loss in wisco
CheeseheadNation2011::I do agre with you about how bad the media is on wisconsin teams but with the bucks at least for me its on another level
CheeseheadNation2011::Its not a trend its the truth the bucks have been pretty bad for about 10 years know and the only reason they made the playoffs is because the east is terrible they need a new head coach and bring in some team players not players like Jackson that only care about there numbers
squiddy45::The point is, is that we are six games into the season and people are claiming the bucks are the worst team in the league and are demanding the coach and half the team fired. It's a trend in wisconsin after a loss and it's pathetic.
Btwixed::a vikings fan agreeing with a packers fan? Im breaking the mold here.
nwagner1981::The Packers and the Badgers football and basketball are the only Wisconsin teams that have earned my loyalty. What is there to like about the Bucks and the Brewers when they aren't contenders, which is most of the time?
CheeseheadNation2011::In all honesty there are about 5 or 6 horrible teams in the nba and these are 2 of those teams just being honest
jonny0916::This is the first game of a ten game winning streak
squiddy45::The bucks actuallly played a very good game up until the final minutes of the fourth. Jennings has got to learn how to take control of a game, especially on this team. And what is up withe ersan... This is the second time this year he has had his head it the clouds when he should be intentionally fouling after a missed game winning or game tying shot
frimpongdingdong::skiles must give the worst half time speeches ever, the bucks suck balls EVERY third quarter, when it happens repeatedly regardless of personel on the the court it's down to coaching.
BPIEHL13::i agree. the bucks absolutely blow in the second half. it was the same story last year. skiles needs to either learn to manage a game at the end or be fired
picklepullers6::i could not agree more. Every place this guy has been, his players have quit on him. He thinks he's this billy bas A$$ type of coach but  does not have a clue. A DEFENSIVE coach they say... yea last time I checked rebounding is a big part of defense and for 3 years we don't rebound.
frimpongdingdong::I don't play basketball but I love to watch it (not sure why) but the bucks, being my local team, are who I support and they just find ways to make it almost impossible to support them. Also recently my friend told me that the bucks are 50something million below the salary cap so if they had a gm who wasn't a $@%!$@%! they could actually get some really good players
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::i knew something was going on they were trying to stop evans from his game and make ferdette the man hahaha joke
randymossallday::thats about all he can do though.
ghettoslider::yeah but at least crawford can hit a jump shot
randymossallday::Tyreke Really isn't a true pg..he is a combo guard..but really a guy that should be playing off the ball. its like Giving the Pg slot ot jamal Crawford and expecting him to create for others...
ghettoslider::5 asissts 5 turnovers.. great ratio.. the only time he passes is if he's triple teamed.. that is, if he doesnt turn the ball over first
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::he passes got 5 assist tonight not counting the ones mmissed what pg in the league gets 10 rebs let me know
BPIEHL13::jkidd and rondo seem to be getting high rebound totals all the time...and they're actually good point guards unlike evans...one of the most selfish players in the league
ghettoslider::yeah tyreke is a pg that cant shoot and wont pass.. great combo
Bookiebreaker48::i took kings 2nd half.......didnt figure thy win the game outrite
picklepullers6::Can somebody buy our first round draft pick a gatorade.
WoolyWoolwine83::The Bucks must have been watching the Marquette game last night and thought "Hey! We'll blow an even bigger lead!"........................it's gonna be a long season..............................
squiddy45::Can a wisconsin basketball team win a fking game!!!!!!
CheeseheadNation2011::You are absolutly right
WoolyWoolwine83::@CheeseheadNation2011  What? you're forgetting UWGB and UWM? I bet they could put up a fight. Heck, even DIII Powerhouse UWSP could as well.
CheeseheadNation2011::I would bet that the badgers or marquete can beat the bucks
