Figaro Tsai::Under Harden's defense, any NBA player can become all-star player, just like G. Hayward.
David Morant::Congrats to Utah ... They controlled the game from start to finish. The right team won ... they deserved it.  And as for my Rockets? Wake up call ... This is the NBA ... You've got to come ready to play EVERY game. They weren't tonight ... They earned this loss. Hopefully they will learn from it.
Figaro Tsai::Without Lin and Parsons, Rockets become an ordinary team. Harden has no ability to lead the team. He slows the ball movement even if he gets high scores, but in vain. I am worried Harden will become the second Carmelo Athony.
Dave Green::Hell yeah. Now they Jazz shut up cocky Suns and Rockets fans in back to back games. Thank you Trey Burke.
Gejsi Marku::Don't get mad or surprised, but Utah got this.
Josh Schwartz::Go and lay down. You need some rest urgently, since no sane human being would be saying such laughable things.
Gejsi Marku::^Mad? Take it easy Josh. Have a good laugh instead.
Dave Green::Josh Schwartz Looks like you owe Gejsi an apology...
Steven Anacker::I like Harden, but he hurt us tonight. Yes, even with his 37. Shame losing a game like this after beating SA. But we're still working things out. I'm still happy where this team is going overall.
Jeremy Gingrich::Wrong. He is the reason the game was even close and was the most efficient player on the team. Nobody else in a Rockets uniform showed up to play tonight. Not gonna win games if players don't mentally and physically show up to play
Amir Shirazi::Steven ahh you're a rockets fan
Peter Truong::True, can't win without playing D.
Quintus Greene::Wow, Harden and Bev made Burke and Hayward look like an all-star backcourt. Sheesh.
James Martin::I don't think the Jazz can pull it off, but this might be an early trap game for the Rockets, especially if Parson can't go or is ailing. Smith, Garcia, Casspi and maybe even Motiejunas will have to step It up and I can't believe I'm saying this, but it might be up to Howard to tell Harden "NO HERO BALL!"
Peter Peterr::Parsons should rest for this game if his back is not feeling good.  Rockets have the talent to beat the Jazz without Parsons.
Marco Paz::Oops...
Peter Peterr::Marco Paz Rockets have the talent, but no effort
Goerge Hyde::They've lost two of their last 10 games.  I'd say the effort is just fine.  Perhaps we should give the Jazz some credit for the fact that they're playing well right now?
Krysta Carter::harden a flopping sob
William Pillow::Dear Mr. Morey:  Keep Asik...
Jeff Nathan::$8M/year is simply too much to pay a backup center who's only going to play about 12-15 minutes a game, no matter how good he is.
Goerge Hyde::If this suggestion is because Howard's No.'s are down take a look at the recent surge from Terrence Jones.  Everything is fine with Howard.
William Pillow::Goerge Hyde and Jeff Nathan.....No, it's because Howard can't play 48 minutes every game....If the two of them share the minutes, they will both be fresh for the playoffs...and it doesn't matter to me how much money the Rox spend on their backup center....who cares....Alexander has very deep pockets...
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Rockets lead the league in scoring at 109.4 points per game while Utah ranks near the bottom at 90.5. Houston overcame a 19-point deficit to post a 104-93 victory in Salt Lake City earlier this season and handed the Jazz their worst home loss in the Utah era last season – 125-80, the fifth-worst beating in franchise history. Rookie point guard Trey Burke has provided the Jazz with a lift since returning from a broken finger and had a season-best 20 points in the win over the Suns. Until Utah can do anything right I gotta say the Rockets by double digits tonight despite being without Lin and possibly Parsons
Marvin Fernandez::are the rockets even playing defense. I know they pulled off a big win against the spurs but did they really think Utah would be a pushover specially at home???
Brandon Todd::they never play d
Goerge Hyde::They don't?  Aren't they like third in the league in FG% defense?
Brandon Todd::Goerge Hyde like 29th in  the league in points allowed per game?
Robert McIntyre::wow dwight coward...15 and 9....you are no Shaq.....would rather have Roy Hibbert for cheaper price
Joshua Bobo::Dwight Coward! How original, you must be so proud. You're right he's no Shaq, but at least he can knock a free throw down every once in a while.  It's ok, the Lakers will be better eventually. It won't be because of Lebron because I'm sure he'd go back to Cleveland before he'd play with Ol' Kobe, but I'm sure they'll get it together. 4, maybe 5 years from now.
David Morant::As a lifelong Rocket fan ... I'm pretty happy with Howard thus far and his attitude has been outstanding! He looks like he's really having fun and enjoying the game again. Good to see.   Drives me nuts at the free throw line sometimes though. Having (H)Akeem really spoils a guy. He could do it all. But ... They can't all be Akeem ... I realize that ... So I'm liking Dwight thus far. Just wish he could even come close in games to the free throw percentage he shoots in practice.
Craig Keller::David Morant he's not the brighest bulb, superman body and child brain, play,play,play
Josh Schwartz::Another beating in store for a Houston opponent. This time, it looks like it's Utah's turn! It's not always easy playing in Utah, so I'll give the Jazz a little bit of a chance at hanging with Houston for a while. I'll say the Rockets win 108-87.
Vlad Ghita::I'd be content with a 126-80 this time around!
Goerge Hyde::This is a tough place to play and the Jazz seem to be playing a little better right now.  I'll take a one point win.
Dave Green::Eat your big piece of humble pie tonight Vlad and Josh.
Taylor Manes::ROCKETS WIN by 90 POINTS... Nah J/K ROCKETS WIN BY 100 POINTS!!! lol
Mark Freckleton::The best way to make a public fool of yourself is to make predictions on the outcome of athletic contests. 109-103
Jamie Brentwood::I guess that's why they just lost.. Thought they would come in here and blow us out. I thought Houston would have played better than that.
Stan Anvik::Jamie Brentwood Blow "us" out?  Congrats on making the Jazz Jamie!
Ryan Fairfield::Relax Utah. This will only hurt for 48 minutes. Rockets 116, Jazz 91.
Jamie Homewood::Oops.
Randi Ketcher Dierlam::I love reading all of these homer predictions. The Jazz will always OWN the Rockets.
Stan Anvik::Randi Ketcher Dierlam Like last year when the Rockets won the series 3-1 including a 125-80 blowout on the Jazz home floor? Or earlier this year when the Jazz blew a 19 point halftime lead to lose at home by 11?  Own like that?
Tyjuan McCants::Rockets-105 Jazz-100
John Michael Strader::In Morey WE Trust
John Michael Strader::It's called an insurance policy. The longer we hold onto Asik the more valuable he becomes. Right now we have the best backup C in the league and as the season progresses and more big men go down to injury more teams will be willing to submit to Morey's demands. And if no one bites this season then next year Asik becomes a very useful expiring contract that can help a team move a contract they don't like. Even then if no one wants Asik bad enough we get 8 mill in cap space the following offseason.
Thomas A. Brandner::It amazes me that Howard is only 27yrs old and as big and athletic as he is, is probably the most disappointing player i have ever seen,  the Rockets got skunked out of a 9 figure to check to that big goof
Matt Pilkington::Still jelling.  Just takes time.  And while time is moving forward the Rockets are still 13-6.  I'd say we are alright, and money says that even you would take that big goof on your team
Thomas A. Brandner::Matt Pilkington that's what they said in  LA, 'just takes time' please....Shaq is right, as much potential as he has, Dwight should be at least a 25/15/3blks guy, instead he is a 16.5/12/1.5blk  guy, but hey, i'm glad he is having a good time, and always quick with a smile and a joke.
Tung Nguyen::McHale should be coaching in peewee league. Even if Rockets make it to the playoffs (which they should, with this squad, with any coach), Don't see our Rockets going anywhere with this sry ars coach of ours.
Leland Wong::Agreed TN, with the talent that we have on the Rox we should win the NBA title this year. Got to tell McHale to teach JL and JH that they need to play defense and we are fine, either one of them can score 30 a night when they want to but could play a lick of "D". Blown defensive assignments all day long. What is JH playing both PG and SG, each time he misses a layup there is no one back to play defense.
Trent Joseph Belnap::Lets not get carried away with these back to back wins...I don't want to miss out on the Parker/Wiggens sweepstakes.
Joe Brooks::Nice start against the worst team in the NBA Rockets. Where's that "defensive player of the year" big man?
Matt Beggs::yeah 1 man guards 5......
Selvin Aceituno::I was afraid this would happen. No Parsons and Lin. No energy on D. They need to wake up or they will get blown out in Utah.
Matt Beggs::it is just like last time they played in Utah
