GsU -3000-GsU::i'm gettin a major grillin' from my lady lol she went to LeFlore High School in Mobile, Alabama. Cousins went in on Paul again smh
n8n8n888::There is never an excuse for losing to a team as bad a Sacramento.  Never.  This is a terrible, terrible loss.
ddlb66::Well it happened, so deal with it.
meats29::Can someone please explain to me why the Kings released JJ Hickson instead of trading him? I understand he wasn't doing much for the Kings but they gave up Casspi and a first round pick for him less than a year ago. So after 40 or 50 games you are going to give up on a young player with his potential? Why waive him? Why not trade him and get something? Did they try to trade him? I figure they could have got something decent for him and especially after what they gave up to get him and him being so young with potential. Of course he had 29 and 13 for the Blazers last night. How do you just release someone who has the potential to put up those type of numbers? I don't get it.
ddlb66::Hickson did not want to be in Sacramento, and his attitude showed it. People talk about Cousins' maturity issues, but Hickson was way worse. He basically just gave up on his team because he wasn't "the guy" anymore. The Kings did try to trade him, but no one wanted him. That's a pretty telling statement. He a quitter, and has no heart. So rather than keep a possible malcontent on the roster, they booted his sorry $@%. Williams has contributed more in the last couple weeks than Hickson had all year.   Maybe JJ will succeed elsewhere...it just wasn't going to happen on the Kings.
JRR7272::Kings are a mess. Hickson gets released for no compensation and promptly goes off for 20+ last night against the Clippers.  Smart doesn't know how to utilize players and has no kind of offensive (or defensive) systems in place.  He's single-handedly destroyed Fredette's confidence and I see this time going nowhere under his (lack of) leadership.
Az1atic187::they tried to trade him and nobody was trying to trade for him, not for what the kings wanted at least
itt0cs::Clearly the Kings have 3 pieces to build around. Cousins (top 3 C) Thornton (young scorer) Evans (in 5 years best player in the nba)  God I wish these 3 would find a way to consistently dominate together. IMO this is a powerful set of 3 players, as good as any 3 in the league.  As far as SF and PF go... IMO JT34 is ready to explode, keep him on the floor for god sake. 35+ min every single night... IT should be passing a bit more, and let Jimmer get his 25 mins a game as the consistent 6th man. Next big in the game should ALWAYS be Whiteside, for his defensive purposes. I am so sick of seeing Chuck hayes get playing time... then the 8th and last man getting minutes should be the new guy T Williams, he has shown hes willing to pass, and play within the team, as well as dig in on defense. NO ONE ELSE SHOULD EVER TOUCH THE FLOOR, NONE OF THE BEST TEAMS USE THIS MANY PLAYERS! IT IS BAD IN SO MANY WAYS. [COHESIVENESS] [EXPERIENCE] [AVERAGES]    Why hasn't any Kings coach understood this since Adleman?
JBurhenn253::IT pass more? Since srarting he is averaging around six assists a game. This number would be much higher if his teammates would make gimme layups. Also tyreke will not be the best player in the MBA. He is very good but you are giving him to much credit.
JacobyJ4::I like IT but that dude gets more foul calls than any player I have ever seen... It's like the refs are sticking up for the little guy... it's a bit rediculous
JacobyJ4::Nothing against Isaiah just making and observation after watching him play
JacobyJ4::Every time he drives a foul is called... That's all I was saying... And yes it is a skill but I think it has more to do with his size than his skill... And sure there are lots of guys who shoot more ft's but that's because they slash more or play in the paint... I bet if u took the amount of calls per drive into the paint IT would have far more calls than any of those guys u listed above...
JBurhenn253::You do realize that drawing fouls is good right. It's a skill he has developed.
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Interesting.  I was just going to say you haven't seen many players...but I'll just throw some names out of some guys who average more FTs per game:  Paul Millsap, Gordon Hayward, Al Jefferson, Derrick Favors, and Devin Harris.  Hey aren't those guys on your team?  Fail.
-KING-ME-::I'm out, GN all and GG Jazz. GO KINGS!
JBurhenn253::Chad- are you still complaining about coach smart destroying jimmers confidence. It looks like it from a few posts down. You wanted jimmer to get 15-20 a game and he got that. He put up a whopping 4  pts and absolutely nothing in every other category. He can score we all know that but the question is can he do anything else on a consistent basis?
JacobyJ4::I will say one thing... Smart didn't pull Jimmer last night when he had a turnover and wasnt shooting all that well....that was a good step to rebuilding some of the kids confidence...
JacobyJ4::Oh and by the way he is rookie in the nba... Of course he is not used to this level of defense... For u to expect otherwise is rediculous...
JacobyJ4::Lol he gets by players all the time but I am not on here saying he is the fastest guy in the world... I am just saying he is not used to being pressured all the time by NBA defenders... Thomas is quicker so he doesn't have someone humping him all the way down the court... And there are lots of rookies that get flustered because they are not used to the MBA defenders... Your other question is same stuff u have spitting this whole time... You cannot tell me that inconsistent minutes does not hurt a player... That's ludicrous, Jimmer needs more consistent time and he has proved he can play there have been several times where he has posted more than just points... He has had numerous games where he's played 12-15 min and been very productive in many facets of the game...   But if u can't give him more time when he is playing well (I'm referring to the numerous benchings even when he is playing very well) than I don't see how you can expect him to prove anything... Inconsistent minutes does not equal consistent play... That's all I am saying... U want proof, play him, let him play through mistakes let him feel comfortable... Let him play point... I don't see how you could get proof of any kind from not playing him
chadwi12::the proof u fffffffn moron is what he has done each time he has at all gotten comfortable on the floor..... quaters of 16 points and six assist.... in a quater... comebacks like the 4th quater vs the lakers.... how bout his four starts where he ave 17 ppg, and shot 60 percent from the three point line.... do u watch any kings games.... yea he got 15 min tonight for the first time in ages... u wanna know why, because jimmer was at home, and smart the chicken shiz that he is, played to the crowd a little bit so to not be seen like the bad guy... problem is, jimmer has ave 5 min a game for some time now..... and has lost any assemblance of confidence on this team... much like hickson did.... this team if u want to call it that, is as selfish as ive ever seen.. there never look for each other.. and fredette is lost... ive seen the kid break out of the trance that this situation has put him in, just long enough to remind  he's still got it... the reason i brought up hickson tonight to burheen u dipstick was to show that an earie trend seems to be breaking out around smart.... the im the idiot that missed on jeremy lin syndrome... while he was right under my nose... now the articles are out about fredette being a bust.. the reason i take up for him is because he's worth it... he's a good kid, who on the several times ive had the opp to meet him, was as down to earth and humble as it gets... i see whats happening in sac...u dont.... its a poisonous organization who fires coaches in favor of 21 year old babies..... it almost was relocated, and it rolls with interim garbage, who sucks up to the real ones in charge (the players) in hopes they will want to keep him around... thats the standard the maloofs and petrie have set... i just want him the hell out of that selfish abyss....period.... and a little bit of info for u burheen... u may get away with, behind the cozy confines of ur computer, taking my enjoyment of watching fredette ball, and trying to spin it pervertedly by calling it an infatuation.... its easy to pop off with no consequences... but if u ever dare say that to my face, just know i would knock ur f*cking teeth out. real talk.... keep it basketball bi%ch...
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::http://s10.motherlessmedia.com/dev164/0/517/484/0517484804.gif
JacobyJ4::He can do more than score... His defense is coming along and has proven on numerous occasions that he CAN pass, there have been numerous occasions where Jimmer has had more assists than IT (in far less minutes) but its hard  to develop any feel in any offense when u play so sporadically... Jimmer is not the only player being played inconsistently however many are going through the same thing on the kings... I just think its harder on rookies than other players as they are trying to figure everything out... He will get better and more consistent when coach smart gives him a more regular rotation and that goes for the rest of he team as well... But seriously anyone who says Jimmer is one dimensional knows nothing about him as a player... The skills are there, the talent is there, he just needs some time to adjust and get confidence...
JBurhenn253::Also jimmer has been playing ball his whole life and was national POY last year. He shouldn't need more time gettin used to pressure when bringing the ball up. Many other rookie guards are doing it just fine and if you can't get by one defender in that much space at this point in your career well than you know why jimmer doesn't get mins.
JBurhenn253::You still haven't answered my question. Where is the proof? Jimmer hasn't done it consistently. Maybe it's not his fault but you can't just sit by and say, " well if only smart would play him then he would". No it doesn't work that way.
JacobyJ4::JBurhenn253 - Where is the proof. He hasnt done it in the nba consistently yet. Whether that is his fault or not he hasn't done it. Hypotheticals don't work with me. Yes he did it in college but not yet in the league. I don't dislike jimmer I'm just tired of chad and a few others acting like the kings should drop everything for jimmer.  I think there have been a lot of glimpses of Jimmer's potential so far this year... But he needs more consistent playing time and more forgiveness from his coach... I've seen several games where IT has more TO than Assists and he doesn't get benched... I am not arguing that the kings revolve around Jimmer... I'm saying give him a fair chance, give him fair minutes... And for hells sake let him bring the ball up.., he needs to get used to the on ball pressure in the NBA...
JBurhenn253::Where is the proof. He hasnt done it in the nba consistently yet. Whether that is his fault or not he hasn't done it. Hypotheticals don't work with me. Yes he did it in college but not yet in the league. I don't dislike jimmer I'm just tired of chad and a few others acting like the kings should drop everything for jimmer.
-KING-ME-::he will keep complaining
JBurhenn253::Ya I'm expecting it. I just don't understand what this guy sees. He is absolutely emphatuated with jimmer.
-KING-ME-::I think Twill should start at sf next game, Outlaw is not doing the trick
ddlb66::I agree with this. I thought he was going to be bad news, but T-Will has proven me wrong. If Tyreke sits out again, I think Smart should ink Williams into the starting lineup...see what he can do with a little more PT.
AllDay220::Free Jimmer.
chadwi12::felton is ratard... complete ratard
rolando77::Wow. What a waste of Hickson's career game.
chadwi12::and of my forty dollar fun bet
chadwi12::crawford.......... wow
chadwi12::felton is an idiot.... call the dang time out
kgrovesBYUfan::YEEEEEEEAAH GOOOOOOOO KINGS!!!
chadwi12::rediculous to root for a team that is murdering ur fav players confidance...... u do see that dont u.... my god man... how can any fredette fan root for the way he has been handle'd.... gosh do u honestly not get this concept.... really
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Kobe came directly out of high school, man c'mon!
DaleHammers4::the Kobe Bryant route too, Kobe started out slow as well not saying hes ANYTHING like Kobe, but even he started out slow
rolando77::He's not the only rookie who was hot in college that didn't get a ton of playing time right away. He's taking the J.J. Redick route. Just take some deep breaths guy. Don't get your Jimmer pajamas all in a wad.
chadwi12::wow.....
-KING-ME-::a jimmer fan rooting for the team huh?
-KING-ME-::I was confused why they cut JJ as well. I like Twill but JJ was good in CLE. I wanted to keep him even though he wasn't putting up big numbers this year. There are other players they could have cut
rolando77::Selfish thug(in Chad's world)=anyone who doesn't pass the ball to Jimmer.
DaleHammers4::winning ONLY matters to him if Jimmer gets playing time otherwise its just the Kings being thugs and morons
-KING-ME-::that or anybody who gets a good amount of time for the kings
chadwi12::see what u can do.... but id be back, just to rub it in when he goes off just like hickson.... wow though, im glad to know that having me off these boards shapes ur opinion of trading jimmer.... maybe im making more noise than i thought....
-KING-ME-::I would actually like to have jimmer on the team because I know he will be a good player, but all the jimmer talk annoys me to no end. Not just you
chadwi12::#7 for instance lol
-KING-ME-::I'd rather trade him, we might get something for him and you would be off these boards.
chadwi12::hickson is a muther freekin beast
chadwi12::that would be smarts logic behind this performance to
-KING-ME-::what? He has had a great game but missed fts that could lose them a game
-KING-ME-::he did miss big fts
The_Purp II::When the Kings become the SuperSonics, I'm buying an I.T. jersey!
-KING-ME-::not gonna happen
DaleHammers4::considering they just set up the deal for a new stadium, really dont see it happening the owners have already said they arent moving made a special about it and everything at a game
The_Purp II::Tell me how the deal is working out.
chadwi12::now hickson thoroughly dee'ing griffin
chadwi12::u prob said the same about hickson lol
-KING-ME-::no
-KING-ME-::BG is overrated
chadwi12::i just think they should trade him... hell they let hickson go.... do that
chadwi12::and my point is this... a guy making the clips his b, was rotting under smart and his selfish seven... simple as that... u need time and confidance to play well in this league, not a coach that gives u 5 min a game simply do to pressure, and yanks at first mistake....
chadwi12::dont mind him he says the same stupid junk every game. anyone who acts like they cant see the unreal selfishness that goes on on the sac end of the court, i cant take serious
DaleHammers4::lol this is such a hypocritical statement complaining about someone else saying the same thing over and over.... pot... meet the kettle
SauceCaptain::Lots of teams want a shooter ... just wait til Jimmer is traded or released. If the guy with the best 3 % on the team can stand on the line completly open and his teamates refuse to pass it to him it won't be long before he gets traded.   The biggest thing Jimmer has done though out of all this is put a black eye on every NBA hopeful mid-major college player in the country. Now the nay-sayers have even more ammo when they say the only players that will make it in the NBA are from the big schools. So not only is Jimmer being a bust bad for the whole state ... it hurts the players of every smaller school in the country. Thanks Jimmer!
-KING-ME-::Jimmer got time this game, over 15min. He struggled. I hope you are understanding that Smart is messing up a lot of people's mins, not just jimmer
SauceCaptain::Just got home, didn't see the game. Is it true that Corbin benched Harris? ... Why? ... Harris playing well was the biggest reason the Jazz have been winning games lately ... are the Jazz trying for the lottery pick? I don't get it.
zprince3::Corbin is just being an idiot.  After coaching under Sloan for years he can't even see what most fans can.
thesheath2000::he didn't play in the 4th quarter and i haven't found an answer yet. I thought he was hurt
Jimmy45795::Trending Now: JJ HIckson and Mad Kings fans
Jimmy45795::Yea thats true. When I saw that they cut him I was shocked because I seen what he could do when he was in cleveland. I mean they cut a PF but they have so many guards I just really didn't get that.
rolando77::Maybe his free throw shooting?
rolando77::I think it's the Clips fans who are getting mad. I thought the J.J. cut was bunk, but I still support my team. Shoddy ownership and all.
chadwi12::i hear you.... same with me and my boy
chadwi12::lol
Jimmy45795::Hey Kings fans you mad?
rolando77::We're only mad at Robert Horry. Should be over it by about 2015.
-KING-ME-::refs gave LA a title
-KING-ME-::not really
-KING-ME-::man GSW choking
chadwi12::hickson...
chadwi12::wasnt talking about u queen me, and rolando i apologize, i got u confused with romeo.... and fredettes dee has been very decent lately, and its not like the kings play any better
rolando77::No argument there. They're not a very good defensive squad overall.
chadwi12::ur something special to be talking about me complaining... ur the epitome of a hater... and a no reason one at that... at least i have an agenda
rolando77::I only hate the Lakers. ...and Jimmer's lack of defense.
-KING-ME-::I'm not a hater
rolando77::Trying to make sense of the endless complaining.
-KING-ME-::he does it a lot
rolando77::So you're a Jimmer fan, but not a Sactown fan right?
-KING-ME-::yes
chadwi12::nothing to do with getting out of sactown tho
-KING-ME-::he wasn't getting the time here, he is getting it in POR and is showing what he can do
romeo8880::I played 10 mega millions and only got 1 number on all 10 games combined.
broncsroxnuggs::bhahahaahahahahahahahah jazz bahahahahahahahahaha
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::JJ Hickson is killing the Clippers right now. He just didn't want to play for the Kings.
-KING-ME-::Dwill 18 assists damn
romeo8880::All the Jazz fans are crying right now.
Wombat1247::Nope - quite happy - just not happy with the warriors - they are losing for the pick Jazz - even though could match a few teams in the playoffs would be better to miss this year and clear about 3 or 4 players during the off season ( Bell, CJ Sap or Al) Then play the rookies more - look what DMC has done with getting mins
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::How else has a feeling that the Kings are just tanking games?
-KING-ME-::maybe but won tonight
gsquared112::cousins&gt;howard
chadwi12::redonkulous comment
-KING-ME-::offensively yes
flderbyman1053::Rick Reilly was right about Jimmer and wants his money back.
Rhubarbjackson::Rick Reily is an idiot
chadwi12::yea hickson who also couldnt seem to make it on the floor under smart is tearing it up first chance he gets to play in a team enviroment
romeo8880::Since that idiot is spamming the Clippers board everybody should come over here to talk about that game.
-KING-ME-::don't tell them or the spammed will come here
chadwi12::hickson again..
chadwi12::happy ive let u off the hook to show u im a bigger person. i dont want to ruin ur tag calling u something i dont think u are.....  im not what u called me... i do get pissed off at selfish thugs from time to time
chadwi12::well time is one thing, shooting 64% in his last 5 games is another
-KING-ME-::they are getting better at passing the ball
chadwi12::i guess lin wasnt held back by smart either..... u tho that dumb word around quite often.... truth is, no one plays, like ur boys do in sacramento..... even watching t williams hit jimmer with passes tonight let me see that he doesnt have that selfish sac town style yet... this is a true comment... most teams look to share the ball and make each other happy.. then kings pass only when they have to.... or if they feel it will lead directly to an assist.... getting away from that enviroment is quite liberating i would bet... so yes its not just smart... its cousins, evans, thorton, etc etc
-KING-ME-::I'm not a smart fan either but to say him leaving Smart is why is just dumb
-KING-ME-::he has been sitting and the Q just ended
chadwi12::21 and 12
-KING-ME-::when LA is out and you are the backup pf you will get a lot of time
romeo8880::I'm not leaving this board until the Jazz next game.
chadwi12::lol
-KING-ME-::lol
a94syracuse::I'm not leaving until the end of the Clippers/Portland 3rd quarter!  oh wait. Bye!
JackLondgren8::the kings are lucky that they have Thomas
chadwi12::playing with the freedom of the no yank clause is a gift like no other.....
JBurhenn253::Wwwwwhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaa
JackLondgren8::Thomas&gt;CP3
JackLondgren8::He is a future hall of famer
-KING-ME-::lucky that so many people were dumb enough to pass on him
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Including Utah
GerardoE303::just keep losing Utah :)
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Favors 0-13
chadwi12::wow thats bad
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Yeah can't even accidentally make one in 13?
chadwi12::oops another jumper, 19......
chadwi12::17 and 11 for hickson.... smarts an idiot...
chadwi12::and tearing it up much like he did everywhere other than sacramento
chadwi12::ok man.... im just saying, guys who seem dead in the water with no confidance seem to catch fire when they escape smart
-KING-ME-::LA is not playing, JJ is getting a lot of time
-KING-ME-::T-will is playing well
romeo8880::scow79, a jazz fan, literally called the jazz poop
Free Alec Burks Returns::You're still here
-KING-ME-::so, since Evans got hurt last time, Kings are 3-0 with him out. lol
a94syracuse::Griffin just had sex with the rim.
williamebonybrick::Has anyone found Otto Orange's head yet since Yancy Gates popped it like a beach ball? lol
-KING-ME-::Bernie Fine style?
a94syracuse::U R COOL
-KING-ME-::man JJ POSTERED DJ! Damn that was good
TheOx905::Our Sacramento Kings are not that bad. Do u guys need a little cheese with your wine?
Big_los07::yep its not bad at all when u look at 7-42.
romeo8880::18-33 is not bad at all.
-KING-ME-::hope GSW keeps winning, get a lot of wins, miss the playoffs, get an 8-14 pick, lose the pick, laugh at GSW it all works
Free Alec Burks Returns::At least golden state is winning
williamebonybrick::Okie City is The Syracuse of the NBA. Great regular season then come playoffs CHHHHHHHOKE
a94syracuse::elite eight = choke.   Allright, you said it.
-KING-ME-::that Green dunk was nasty, of course espn will ignore it for an avg BG dunk
chadwi12::that jj hickson jam was nasty too....
scow79::ESPN sucks balls
-KING-ME-::ditto
