Mike Hermansen::No Jazz... Don't listen to Peter. Please, lose as many games as possible and then win next year!
Kevin Farnsworth::Yes, Parker or Wiggins would look great in a Jazz uniform :)
Peter Barney::Hey Jazz it's a start winning than losing! Can you all win 14 straight games to get above .500 and out of the cellar.
Jesse Hiatt::The Jazz wouldn't want to do that cause that would take us out of the bottom 3 and we need to get Parker or Wiggins to complete our youth movement.
Jamie Homewood::NO!!!
John Osaki Jr.::Amazing that the Jazz are starting to win some games! Fans of the "great" Karl Malone and John Stockton, turn-back-the-clock and check out both player analysis in the new book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Vladimir Tsalyuk::I don't get why Utah became so awful this year. I mean they got Trey Burke whos decent and favors who can rebound. This must be a coaching issue because their roster is 20 times better then the mcnuggets.
Jesse Hiatt::The Jazz aren't as "awful" as they seem. Since Trey Burke and Marvin Williams have been back from their injuries and in the starting lineup the Jazz are 11-12, they were 1-14 without them. So as you can see had Burke and Williams been healthy from the start of the season, the Jazz would probably have a 19-19 record. However since the Jazz are deliberately tanking, we're right where we want to be in the bottom 3.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Jesse Hiatt I didn't even know he was out all that time..guess I don't really stay up to date on all the injuries
Jamie Homewood::Vladimir Tsalyuk The Jazz also gave up the veterans who have carried the team the past three years, most notably Al Jefferson and Paul Millsap.  Jazz fans were prepared for the losing.  This recent run of winning is annoying all of us though.
Bekay Artist::the nuggets are way to shaky, well playoff material but 1st round and done. I'm rooting for themr but this is embarrassing being blown out by one of the worst teams in the nba
Jesse Hiatt::Don't feel bad, you're not the first person to be fooled by the Jazz's record. You see the Jazz spent the first roughly 15 games of the season without starters Trey Burke and Marvin Williams, and during that stretch the Jazz went 1-14. Since Trey and Marvin have returned, the Jazz are 12-12. So statistically speaking, if Trey and Marvin had been with the team from the start of the season, the Jazz would likely be 20-19 after tonight's win.
Tami Williams::I'm a Nuggets fan, if I were a Jazz fan I would want to play the Nuggets once a week, at least then you would have a winning record!
Jamie Homewood::No! As a Jazz I want to play the Spurs and Pacers every week! Jabari Parker!!
Jesse Hiatt::Why would the Jazz fans want that? The Jazz fans want the Jazz to keep tanking so we can draft Wiggins or Parker, so a winning record isn't exactly helpful for us... however when healthy the Jazz are, after tonight's win, 12-12... so if we hadn't lost Trey Burke and Marvin Williams for the first 15 games of the season (in which the Jazz went 1-14) the Jazz would most likely have a winning record.
Las Vegas IM::From your friends at sportsbook dot ms Utah is 1-5 ATS in its last 6 games when playing at home against Denver
Joseph Evans::Let's go Jazz!!! Keep winning those games so the Sixers can outtank you!!! LMAO
Jonathan Stokes::Jazz! Don't you dare win this game. Seriously, don't. We have a plan. Stick to it.
Jamie Homewood::Jazz are dumb. They are throwing away their shot at Jabari.
Chad Spence::Jamie Homewood If Jabari continues this 4 game slump, he might drop outside of the top 3 (behind Wiggins, Embiid and Randall).  The Jazz probably won't get a lottery pick from Golden State, but with that pick and huge cap space, they have a lot of assets to get the pick they want.  I'd rather see the player development and learning what it takes to win (from their core) than tank for a crapshoot pick (not really a crapshoot, but certainly not guaranteed). Besides, I wouldn't be one bit surprised if Jabari decides to go on a mission.
Anthony Cuzzi::why is population going on the over 204? last 2 meetings these teams went under 200
Alex Naeff::Nuggets have been scoring like crazy the last 5 games
Jesse Hiatt::Both teams have been averaging 100+ their last couple games. The Nuggets have been averaging 121.8 ppg over the last 4 games, the Jazz have averaged 102.3 over the last 4 games. That's a combined 224, so going over 204 is likely.
Toddy McGann::A Burks is a stud, if he could be more consistent, then he could be a great player.
Jamie Homewood::The Jazz are dumb.... Why are they winning this game!?!?
Marcleen Bavogui::welcome to the denver nuggets .. win at home and lay an egg on the road
Woody Munk::5-17 from 3pt.  Lose any game with those pathetic numbers
Woody Munk::5 for 20
Nathan Montoya-Martinez::Alec Burks with 34 and still comes off the bench wow
Mossyrock CrossCountry::Anyone hear any news on Hayward?  Playing?
Larry J Miller::Is Hayward playing tonite
Troy Chase::Alec Burks MVP.
Dave Randall::-7 Nuggs second half
Richard Bennett::Denver are a joke
