Sean Ferguson::I love how the ESPN editors who put the video highlights together don't figure out that the Raptors WON, until midway in the 4th... "Oh S#!|, we need some Toronto highlights in here!" "Wait, Raptors won the F#@&in' game? Are you serious?!?" "Who cares, gimme more Westbrook." "Here he is high-fivin' his coach as he walks off in defeat..."
James Belandres::hahaha
Shaun Mitts::the fact that Durant, Westbrook get 25-30 free throws per game is a joke.
Beau Wildrix::They average a combined 14 free throws per game and they get that many because they are explosive players that draw a lot of contact. So, go away.
Shaun Mitts::Beau Wildrix explosive? hey are a jump shooting team with no post presence at all. even ibaka shoots jumpers.
Beau Wildrix::Shaun Mitts Westbrook is one of the most explosive players in the league. Yes, they shoot a lot of jumpers because they are very good jump shooters but they are also 9th in the league in points in the paint.. And yes, Ibaka is really good at shooting jumpers.. I would much rather have somebody that can shoot jumpers and score points down low then just being able to score points down low.
Koxan Oey::Before anyone makes fun of Eastern Conference, how about paying some respect to the Raptors?
Chicco Just Chicco::Nah mate, I like to make fun of you instead :) How are you goin? Merry XMas & A Happy New Year btw, I've bin too busy to send anyone a card but making an e-card ;)
Adrian DiMarcantonio::durant = melo if he didn't get 20 soft freethrows a game
Jake Shames::PLEASE. KD averages a whopping 2 FT attempts more than Melo, scores 2 more points per game on 3 less shots, is shooting 47 percentage points better, and averages close to twice as many assists.......oh, and he actually plays above-average defense which is 10x more than Melo can say.
Robin Salant::What Jake S said. Plus, let's face it, I like Melo, but he's not even the 3rd best 3 anymore. Paul George has lapped him, and he's not in the same league as Lebron and KD.
Steven Rivera::Robin Salant PG24 gets shut down by Lebron whenever they play Miami, Melo on the other hand scores on Lebron. PG24 had a great start of the season but his numbers are declining as the season moves along. No way he's passed Melo, Only ESPN media wants everyone to believe that nonesense
Christopher Williams::ALL THE RAPTOR FANS REJOICE!
Marc Pascal::Don't get to do it too often, I'm right there with ya!
Andy P Kordyban::As i have been saying all year, the Raptors are the 2013-14 NBA CHAMPS
John Martin::Andy:  I think you have to win more than half your games to be a champ. Maybe you meant 2013-14 NBA CHUMPS?
Andy P Kordyban::John you are entitled to your opinion, no matter how wrong it is.
Craig Keller::they for sure are in the playoffs, winning their division so anything can happen but 1st you have to make playoffs and knicks and nets won't!
Arvin Ramroop::Good game Raptors.. much deserved victory.
Marc Pascal::Something wrong, says the Raps are beating OKC at home. Should I restart my computer?
Mike Greenberg::This is exactly why the Thunder will never win an NBA Championship with Westbrook as their point guard. His stats look fantastic for the average fan. I will say it again, Westbrook would rather have a line like this and be "THE GUY" and lose, rather than do what's best for the team and win. Any coach will tell you that if your point guard has 5 assists and 5 TO's you probably are not going to win. He does not want to play second fiddle to Durant. Harden is not angry that he was traded and Kevin Martin got out of town the first chance he could. Westbrook is a fantastic athlete, but tell me what team awards did Allen Iverson win? Check out Lowry's assist to TO's ratio 9-2. Do you still need to know why The Thunder lost this game? In a seven game series, against an elite team, it's not happening!
Ken Morris::I bet the Memphis Grizzlies didn't mind Westbrook not being around to be "The Guy" last season's playoffs! Every point guard is not gonna be Stockton or Magic...and OKC is much better off with Westbrook, with his flaws, than without him.
Adam Youman::Ken Morris exactly. btw, mario chalmers averaged 3.5 assists the last two years and the heat won the championship both times. i dont see where your argument is valid
Mike Greenberg::Ken Morris It does not take a rocket scientist to know you can't take away dirty water before having clean. If they had someone to fill the proper role with their team in place of Westbrook they would have been fine against Memphis or any other team.
Beau Wildrix::Perkins is beastin like always.. 0-0 2 turnovers and a foul.. He's not quite to his average which would be 0-2 or 0-3 with 2 fouls, but don't you worry, he'll get there.
Robin Salant::He's Shane Battier, minus all those little things that help your team win. Then again, if they play Houston in the playoffs . . .
Luis Martinez::I am sure there are smiles in Indiana,Miami,San Antonio and Portland as they will fight until the end of season for the best record in NBA.
Igor Yank::GO PACERS!
Paul Snurpus::Absolutely, big smiles in Miami for home court and MVP.
Marcleen Bavogui::dont think san antonio cares that much about the best record in the league.. indiana does
Paul Sharpe::Sorry, but if OKC has to 'hang around' by FT's, I'm Not Impressed...
Latece K Christmon::This maybe a trap game.
Jake Shames::Every game in the NBA is a trap game. The key is just showing up to beat them, which I have confidence in the Thunder's ability to do.
Jake Pool::Stupid sh it like fouling on a 3 wit 1 sec left in half is brutal.GORILLA
Yogen No Senshi::Jake Shames  what do you mean by trap game?
Anderson Daniel::Let's go Thunder! 23-4!!!
Cody Palmer::22-5. Oops
Anderson Daniel::Cody Palmer Can't win 'em all. On to the next game!
Cody Palmer::Couldn't resist lol I'm a Blazers fan, but your team is doing good like usual but not better than my Blazers! :)
James Belandres::LOL  Thunder had this game all the way and the Raptors just took it from them in the end pretty impressive way to end a great home record to a "bad" team way to go toronto
Beau Wildrix::As a Thunder fan, losing to the Raptors sucks.. But, on a brighter note, they are one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference! ;)
Jake Shames::Being one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference is like winning a 10K against a bunch of double amputees and snails.
Marcleen Bavogui::theY`re 11-14 dude losing to them at home is not good..
Beau Wildrix::Marcleen Bavogui It's sarcasm lol.. The Eastern Conference sucks, that's what I was getting at.
Nig Nug::i must say the raptors look phenomenal. Maybe the gay trade worked well for them. (OKC fan)
Patrick MacKinnon::They are also a much much better road team, for whatever reason.
New Tracks Daily::They actually move the ball without Gay on the floor...it's just good ol fashion D and sharing the ball. Good luck to OKC!
Kevin Ho::Some stupid Knicks fans thought that I was crazy when I said that Lowry worth much more than Felton + Shumpert, that's why they need to throw in another first round pick...  Lowry is just bored imo, if he is playing under the right coach who knows how to motivate him and push his buttons, like Rick Adelman, or in this game playing against Westbrook, that Lowry in Houston can come back.
Kevin Ho::IMO, I think it might not be a bad idea at all if the Raptors keep Lowry, we'll see how that goes.
Samuel Weekes::Wasn't expecting this loss. Well played raptors.... no excuses. You can't win every game I guess. Just hope everyone stays healthy for the post-season. Until then Scott Brooks is trying out different rotations, give him a break.
Marcleen Bavogui::trying different lineup  27 game in give me a break.
Samuel Weekes::yes for this specific game I believe he was. Shots weren't falling, he had to switch things up. It didn't work out. It's all good.
Patrick Oliver::Scott Brooks is an idiot. There's zero reason to have Perry Jones on the court right now, and not Jeremy Lamb. Stuck with Fisher way to long as well.
Nig Nug::i know, i have never seen perry jones in this situation and he doesn't look good
Ken Morris::The bigger OKC problem is that they have no post-up bigs when the game slows down. Perkins & Adams....0 points/9 fouls...VERRRRY productive!
Andrew Lipham::get called the best team in the nba by skip bayless...lose to the raptors at home
Theodore Bagwell::Raptors have been winning often since they traded Rudy Gay
Fiti Bear::nah man Blazers are the best NBA team  23/5   babe
Wake Gardner::I bet no Raptor players came into the Thunder's locker room though.
New Tracks Daily::The Thunder will go on a deep playoff run this year, at least they should... awesome at home, good record all around but you can't win them all... I'm a long time suffering Raptors fan and we won't be going on any run, might not make the playoffs , none the less this is an awesome win. Any time you can hold the Thunder under a 100 , you have a shot to win. Good luck to you OKC fans... I'll be cheering for you come playoff time to beat some of the old dinosaurs. Big thing was Raptors outscored OKC in the paint, and the Thunder had more turnovers.
Bryan Hill::"X factor: Easy points. The Raptors took 15 more shots than OKC, but the Thunder managed to stay in the game thanks to free throws. "  wouldnt know it from the highlights..about 2 dozen okc shot highlights vs. about 2 raptor shots (and one late block).  please...sports media...balance....
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::well well well well. looks like its my turn to troll. after thunder beat us many okc fans were saying the spurs are overrated and crap like that. well i guess the raptors are better than the thunder since they beat the thunder in december. so...........
Adam Youman::OKC beat the spurs twice. very definitive. nice try tho moron
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Adam Youman just saying u cant judge whos good by wins and losses in december. it doesnt feel good when someone says it about your team right? well imagine how i feel hearing this same thing from okc trolls? now of course okc is still great after a loss. u win some, you lose some. but if i did the same thing some okc fans did i would be doing nothing but bashing.
Adam Youman::Jerry Ryuzaki Word okc not my team but they are still better than the spurs. the spurs have lost to every elite team yet
