Travis Pavich::The way Marshall played means 2 things. Marshall is the greatest PG in the game today, if not ever, and the Lakers are know solidified as the 2014 NBA champions. It's guaranteed. No doubt what so ever.   Typical Faker Fans.
Michael Fitzer::I'm a laker fan and I'm pretty sure I haven't heard or seen anybody say that..
William Cutting::Butt hurt Mormonite just upset that his Jazz lost to the Lakers - the team he envies the most lol
Travis Pavich::I am not Mormon William, and the Jazz beat the Fakers last week. Why am I butt hurt. Laker fans are butt hurt because they haven't done Jack since 2010, yet claim Kobe is the GOAT, and guaranteeing championships every year. Even Dwight Howsrd realized what a joke the Lakers have been. That's why he walked.
Chad Wiggins::so funny when a proud franchise turns to absolute garbage… could've had phil and howard and kobe and nash… he would have made all work… he's the zen master for crying out loud… instead because the buss now in charge has little mans syndrome and was scared of phil, he hired dumbtoni… this is what u have LA as a result… sad stuff
Dennis Rene V. Soliman::reminiscent of the 90s
Kendall DeBenon::Marshall is looking like J Kidd tonight.
Treyvon Carter::yea mane, i was liked him
Travis Pavich::Come on Lakers, make the trade for Bynum. We get Bynum, we get the greatest center ever, which guarantees us the title. Can you imagine our starting lineup. Marshall(the greatest PG ever) Kobe(GOAT) johnson(a trillion times better than James, Hill(better than Karl Malone ever was), and Bynum, guaranteed champions until 2020. I am on my way to Vegas to bet on them right know.  Typical Faker fans.
Tom Loversky::How's your team doing?
Richer Levert::You realize the plan is that if they trade for Bynum hey're going to cut him before Tuesday. The reason for the trade is to get rid of gasol's contract for cheap and possibly get a 1st round pick
Lionel Moton::Travis, wise people speak because they have something to say. Fools speak because they have to say something, if you were reading FB, ESPN, how come you don't know, if the Lakers trade for Bynum they will wave him? I guess that makes you the ultimate faker.
Dean Gant::D'Antoni is a joke…Jim Buss is a joke…& the Lakers are going down the tubes. Kobe is broken down & will never regain his old form.
William Fout::Are you kidding? Kobe is locked in! ;)
Therealsean Young::I have a feeling Kendall Marshall will be the next linsanity. He always had the talent, just didn't fit the Sun's system last year.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::well considering lin sucks it wouldn't be too difficult to become terrible
Therealsean Young::Vladimir Tsalyuk I meant linsanity when he was still with the knicks lol
Fritz Soon::no shooting but great vision and control.. Traditional PG! Marshall madness
Kevin King Mack::I hope Marshal lives up to his potential. We may have found our pg's of the future.  Course he need more games to prove that.  Hope he shines.
Shash Chendamarai::his ceiling is probably mark jackson. fine player but not a superstar.
Kevin King Mack::The Lakers don't need him to be a superstar. Just a good pg. Fisher was never a star.
Shash Chendamarai::Kevin King Mack right, but fisher always had two superstars around him
Shawn Bento::Lakers suck but at least Marshall is the best PG in the league
Jarrad Tatum::This will be a good game to see what we really have with Kendall Marshall.  He will be going up against one of the better PGs in the league in Ty Lawson.
Andy P Kordyban::Robert Sacre with the game of his life!
Tyrese Bte Shakur::Fire Mike Dantoni
William Fout::And then what? Is Byron Scott going to just step in? I don't know -- maybe he would.
Russell Wilson::Let's go Lakers!
Randy Ragsdale::Look at the points in the paint and the fast-break points. They'reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkk!!
Tj Kennedy::I think they meant 15 assists not rebounds for kendall marshall. I just wonder who starts and if caveman kaman will get a chance, why are you holding players back Dantoni?
Travis Pavich::Oh come on refs. That was a flagerent 10 foul on Andre Miller for looking at Gasol. He should be suspended for life.  Typical Faker Fans
Russell Wilson::You seem like you have a lot of fun trying to impersonate us.
Shash Chendamarai::you gotta admit that was somewhat funny tho
Mad SammyBoy::I think we can all agree that the Lakers are a huge joke.
Ant Robinson::nah i can't agree with that. the hiring of D'Antoni is the joke.
Robert McIntyre::Really d'antoni ??? he needs to go......he sucks on rotation...how come Kaman doersn't play...then Kaman plays and has a great great games...then doesn't even make the rotation...same thing with  Jordan Hill last year.....time for him to go.....would love to have Jerry Sloan...they didn't have teams after Stockton and malone....and SLC was the hardest arena to play at.....get rid of d'antoni
William Fout::What about this situation would attract Jerry Sloan?
Robert McIntyre::William Fout nothing...he should have been 2nd coach behind Phil....You can't run an older team and that's what d'antoni did last year
Aaron Armijo::Ya i think tonight in the 2nd half the whole team from what i observed just totally quit. That being said i have to say since it was the whole team going thru the motions and not even trying on the D end at all leads to me thinking team quit on coach D and i say no way he makes it thru the season maybe even the all star break being how lakers 10 of their next 11 on the road soo adios Mike!!!
Dennis Rene V. Soliman::i say get rid of d' antoni and bring in lionel hollins at least the guy preaches defense..
John Anhalt::James Worthy post game summed it up well... he's played a lot of basketball, he's never seen this system work, doesn't think it ever will. Enough said.
Tim Pruitt::Phil Jackson has to have a huge smile on his face right about now.  The Lakers did him a favor by not bringing him back.
Peter Peterr::Kendall Marshall is a true point guard. I like his game, great vision and very good unselfish passer.  I think LA found a gem.
Peter Peterr::Warriors should have signed him to back up Curry.  Looks better than T. Douglas except for defense.
Mark Antwan::Dantoni teams never play defense 77 points in 2nd half that's embarrassing
William Fout::Why did the Lakers hire him when they fired Mike Brown? Why didn't they hire Byron Scott?
Thomas Dorsey::Will somebody fire Antoni already?  Jordan Hill only 12 minutes. DNP for Kaman.
Travis Pavich::Only reason the Fakers lose this game is the refs.  All Faker fans everywhere.
Tj Kennedy::Im glad we got ur attention you little troll
David Garcia::Kobes contract ruined the Laker franchise
Ant Robinson::mike d'antoni and jimmy buss are ruining the Laker franchise. Besides Kobe's contract is two more years. the franchise will be around longer than that I assure you.
