mespnstar::What a game!!
dunkan123456::$@%! you bich
dunkan123456::hey, hw are u?))
dunkan123456::wedfw
maj_latt::Now that the Knicks have won 3 straight games, I don't hear a lot of people "dogging" Carmelo Anthony and saying the Knicks are better off without him.  Like I said in an earlier post, professional sports are fickle.  It's not uncommon for a slight change in a line-up or a coaching change to spark a team into winning several games in a row.  The worse thing a team can do is to think that short-term winning is the key to long-term success.  The teams that have long-term success do so through a long process of having the right combination of players and coaching.  Again, change in coach has resulted in 3 wins in a row...but let's not go crazy thinking he is the long-term solution.  Again...it's a process; a process that takes time.
ECUmaniac252::Pacers are the most inconsistent team ever, get a freaking PG that can make things happen. Collision sucks! GO PACERS!!
LeChoke Chokes Again In The 4th 2.0::Buffalo chicken wings with ranch from Pizza Hut are dank.
stone419::is dank a good thing now?
stocksplitter::I would hope not. It's Pizza Hut. That can't change from generation to generation.
bchalcyon88::FACT:most basketball halftime shows are wayyy better than the millions dollars superbowl HALFTIME.
pokernut87::is knicks +4 a vegas trap ??
seemebright::it's not a trap. NY is 7-14 on the road and it's a b2b.. the line makes sense. But take NY +4 they are on a roll
Clenbutador::So what is going on with the knicks bench the last 2 games?
bchalcyon88::is it true that baskeball fans mostly like smoke weed and eat fried chicken?
bchalcyon88::so generalization is true. just as america makes these statement against different ethnics, i got a few for them.
salamanderNT::I ain't black, and I do both with passion.  Who doesn't like some fried chicken once in awhile.  Or sittin' back and rolling a J.  I also know, there are plenty of blacks that don't like fried chicken or drugs.  It's when you say, because your skin color is X, you do Y.  That's racism!
P4P Pacman::Smoke Weed Everyday!!!!(Nate Dogg's voice)
jgiaco55::dont be a racist $@%@#$% thers no need for that man grow up
salamanderNT::This dude is still a kid.  Obviously he's missing some parenting.  I do enjoy some weed though, and some Popeye's.  Those two together, good combo.
jgiaco55::the key to winning championships is DEFENSE and right now the knicks are playing amazing defense. the question is will they continue to play like this every night and i think yes. coach woodson so far is doing an amazing job getting the best out of every player . the past two games in the first quarter 12 points and 14 points if they shut down teams in the first quarter and build that momentum watch out rest of the league and all you haters
KaliGuy010::impressive win by the knicks. even more impressive to me though, PAcers bench put up 60 points WOW impressive win by the knicks. even more impressive to me though, PAcers bench put up 60 points WOW
jgiaco55::we had our reserves in for most of the game thats why and why does everybody try to find negatives in a great win
salamanderNT::No doubt.  The game was over after the 3rd (maybe the half).  42 points by the Pacer's bench in a meaningless quarter.
salamanderNT::Garbage points.
eightbitme::Its all love with Melo and the yellow man  Cause they both making money like the jello man  Mo money, yo money, hoe money  Mama didnt raise no dummy learn from me.  :-)
eightbitme::Only having a little fun guys, and I hope that no one feels offended.  I just tweaked so old Ice Cube lyrics.  btw - My wife is asian.   :-)
eightbitme::Knicks suck more.  Have a nice weekend  :-)
salamanderNT::Ok, my time is done.  Getting closer to noon, and haven't done anything productive.  Liked your last comment, just because love is a good thing.  Your rhyme still sucks!!!  I'm out.
eightbitme::13 years.  She loves me...most of the time. :-)
salamanderNT::She's a keeper than.  You would be hard pressed to find another person on this planet that'll like that rhyme.
eightbitme::I'm not a Knicks fan, I'm a Lakers fan.   My wife and I like the rhyme.   It's all good.  :-)    I stopped in to see if you guys had got your minds right about Melo.  I've never seen someone take so much heat after his team had just killed another team by 40 points.  You would have thought that the Knicks were that ones that got slaughtered.  I'm glad that you guys have come to your senses.    :-)
salamanderNT::No, it was just a bad rhyme.  I don't think I knocked you down personally at all.
eightbitme::it seemed that you were trying to make it personal.  My bad if you wasn't.
salamanderNT::We are both bored then, but you still posted a bad rhyme, LOL.  Is cool, we should probably both do something more interesting.  Not enough Knick fans talking BB right now, so I guess that's why I've been stuck with you.
eightbitme::I'm bored, too.   YOU responded to my comment.  :-)
salamanderNT::LOL, I'm bored, and you care too much.
eightbitme::It was so bad that you just had to respond about me needing schooling???  I would have just "NOT " hit like, and moved on.  But i'm not a $@%!$.   Have a nice day.  :-)
salamanderNT::Granted it was plagiarized, but you changed it enough so that it is your rhyme.  I stand by my initial conclusion, bad rhyme by you.  No worries man, maybe you'll hit the next one out of the park.
eightbitme::Not my rhyme.
salamanderNT::Asian Wife + Bad Rhyme = Bad Rhyme.
salamanderNT::^^ More schooling, less rhyming please.
salamanderNT::Not offended at all, just thought it was a bad rhyme.  Not knocking you, just thought some more classes might improve your rhyming skills, maybe some poetry classes?
eightbitme::Not knocking education, but unless you feel offended I don't see the reason for you being on my nuts.  :-)
salamanderNT::No worries man, but schooling is good for everyone.
eightbitme::Why you trying to blow my buzz??  Schools not for everyone, it's the weekend, and it's only a message board.  Jeez.  :-)
bchalcyon88::Woodson best coach against a bunch of scrubs, Toronto here we come. Miami does harlem globetrotter basketball when they visit the Pacers in Feb.
Dane Kitazaki::teams usually play well after coaching changes.  Can they sustain it? thats the question.
salamanderNT::.............
salamanderNT::I just shook my magic 8 ball, and it says, "all signs point to yes!"
Dane Kitazaki::haha
salamanderNT::My bad bro, I meant your 8-ball, not your buddy downstairs.
Dane Kitazaki::whoa leave my unit out of this lol
salamanderNT::You got a defective unit.
Dane Kitazaki::Haha that thing is wrong, it told me to bet the under yesterday.  syupid 69 point 4th qtr. lol
Dane Kitazaki::the Bucks playing good ball too
jgiaco55::should be a good one
ceeboogie49::knicks and bucks play again in a week. can't wait.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::The Knicks was supposed to have released Dantoni after the playoff loss last year. Imagine if they would have hired Woodson as the full time Coach. What would the Knicks record be now?
salamanderNT::The story wouldn't have been as Lincredible.  Come on man, this has been a fun season for the Knicks.  Now, it's time to get to work.  All the pieces falling into place late in the season, almost unbelievable, I wouldn't have believed it was non-fiction, unless it happened.  Every time you think the Knicks are done, the opposite happens.  LOL.
stevebowl::Does Carmelo notice or care that most "stars" in this league shoot better than 33%?
jgiaco55::stop hating on the knicks when they win games you guys always try and find negatives when they win. that was a great all around game led from start to finish and our reserves played most of that blowout game. also when you have such a deep team like the knicks do they dont need huge numbers from our star players every night thats why its called a team everyone contributes. watch when the knicks make the playoffs and do damage all you haters will be on the knick nuts than
ceeboogie49::his shooting percentage is one aspect of the game, the difference between this off-shooting night and the one during the losing streak is that he played defense and did the other things, rebound + assists to compensate. so i'll take the off night if AND ONLY IF there is EFFORT on both ends of the floor + to his credit (and Amare's) he played the right way.
Floyd2429::i bet you melo wont be off tonight. 28 points, 9 rebound's 6 assist, 2 steal's
salamanderNT::Don't care about the points, as long as he gets the 9 rebounds, 6 assists, and 2 steals, those would be great stats.
salamanderNT::Melo doesn't need to be an All-Star every game.  The Knicks have a great ensemble of offensive weapons.  Even Chandler got into his offensive groove today, scoring the most Knick points.  Melo will have his off shooting nights, like everyone else, but will the rest of the team step up when this happens?  Today, a resounding yes.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::it was one game, melo has a better career shooting %  than Kobe.
Floyd2429::My knick's did a great job these last few game's on defense, offense was never a problem for ny it allway's was defense, we had two differant style coach's, an offense first coach in d'ton, and a defense first coach in woodson.  Now that d'tone is gone, i think we'll make it back to the playoff's in the 7th spot, and the knick's will upset the team's everyone exspect to beat ny. we have the most complete roster in the league. ( ofcourse that's my opion )
Floyd2429::i agree, that offensive scheme d'tone had didnt mix with woodson's defense scheme.  defense turn's in to offense automaticly. playoff's here we come.
salamanderNT::Exactly.  Everyone who was talking about offense, has low BBall IQ (Stephen A Jackson fueling that fire with that Lin vs. Melo B.S.).  The Knicks had plenty of offensive fire power, they lost because of poor D.  Two blowout games, due to a suffocating defense from the start.  Defense wins championships.
SeattleDirtyChai::But I understand that their D wasn't bad during the bulls game if they had that many opportunities for a rebound. Meaning they missed a lot of shots.
salamanderNT::Rebounding is the key to good defense.  Not giving your opponent a second shot is crucial to winning games.  Knicks lost several games due to poor defensive rebounding during their loss streak.
SeattleDirtyChai::Rebounds is all about effort, imo. Has nothing to do w/defense. Mike D'antoni just lost his credibility to his stars, so they stopped playing for him.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::agree
salamanderNT::Yeah, but that D was missing during that loss streak.  You saw all those Bulls' offensive boards.  If they keep up this high energy D, Knicks looking good moving forward.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::We were a top 10 under Dantoni this year.
bchalcyon88::I miss Linsanity, where middle age white women would throw panties at Lin, like Barbara Walters. part of america really hates how this guy gets all the attention from hot ladies like Rosie O'donnell. also TMZ. they know basketball.
salamanderNT::I get all my news from TMZ, they are as reliable as the my '85 Yugo.
dysraw1::a new tone is being set the Dick Dantonee era is over
dysraw1::never should have hired him in the first place when we could have had Mark Jackson
YanksJintzWVU89::He should've been canned after the Boston series last year.
salamanderNT::Stop arguing over hindsight.  He implemented an offensive system that the players like (all players, not just the MAX players), and Woodson is emphasizing D.  The Knicks need only to make the playoffs, and then we'll see how much this talented group has come together.
dysraw1::we are in a real good position right now my man Stevie two guns has been blowing teams away
bchalcyon88::Josh Harrellson ain't a bad player, the Knicks other white meat.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::Knicks D last 2 games in the 1st half Portland 12 1st  Q  17 2nd Q Indiana 14 1st Q 17 2nd Q   Now thats how you play D
Ismar9921::melling ! or whatevah where r u all now haters ?
NY State Of Mind 19::Don't worry...they're lurking in the shadows ready to pounce.
salamanderNT::They are hiding under their bridges, waiting for a Knick loss.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::As good as Shump is on D, his offensive game is coming along pretty good. All Star in 3 years.
ceeboogie49::Shump is steady improving as well. Getting it. Can anyone remember that horrible Boston game when he chucked like 13 first half shots and went for something like 3-20?! That was ridiculous, but permissive in Dantoni's PG dependent system.   He's getting it and the best part is the kid has never lost his swagga, he's as confident as anybody on the floor, don't matter who. Love that part of his game.
Floyd2429::i think they will do the same tonight. the starter's played so good i dont think i saw them on the floor the whole fourth quater.
Geech63::Hopefully they do the same thing tonite
NY State Of Mind 19::So the Knicks played D last night? What got into them?
salamanderNT::They were up by 30 in the beginning of the 4th.  The 4th was all garbage time, sort of an All-Star game for the bench.  All offense, no D.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::Shump is the BEST on ball defender in the NBA.
bchalcyon88::except for 4th qtr, frankly the only D is Jared Jefferies and Tyson Chandler, without them the rollercoaster is going down.
NY State Of Mind 19::Personally i think Melo is still banged up a bit...and Stat is still getting over his brothers death.
fionadly::that is the strangest part
Tyson Chandler The Beast::i promise, melo with steals, amare with steals and a block
NY State Of Mind 19::Ha ha...no way.
salamanderNT::The coach is pushing for a TEAM effort.  If you watch the post-game interviews on MSG.com, you can hear the players promoting the concepts that Woodson is coaching.  Accountability on D, is one of Woodson's major pushing points.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::they only gave up 6 points in the first 10 mins of the game, 31 at the half
fionadly::thats a miracle cuz 2012 is coming  haha
NY State Of Mind 19::Wow! Wish i would have seen that.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::Woodson, even Melo and Amare was playing good D, believe it or not.
NY State Of Mind 19::Didn't see the Knick game....was hoping LIU Brooklyn could continue Freaky Friday with another upset...wasn't meant to be. But Lehigh and Norfolk St. were unbelievable.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::you missed a good ol a ss kicking.
Geech63::It got up to 30
Tyson Chandler The Beast::oh, i must of missed it.
NY State Of Mind 19::Knicks at MSG
Tyson Chandler The Beast::who?
NY State Of Mind 19::See they had a pre-game dunk contest. Sweet.
NY State Of Mind 19::I see the Trolls are back in force.....guess the Knicks are on the up swing again...ha.
fionadly::smart coach smart strategy
salamanderNT::My thoughts exactly.  Trolls were no where to be found during the loss streak.  Just cannibalizing Knick fans.
bchalcyon88::The Knicks let a troll called Bibby played for 3min. he looks like hes been eating too many new york bagels.
bchalcyon88::silence you hairless ape. you shall die in a sea of holy fire, Allah be Praise.
salamanderNT::Wow, a logical thought.  Yes, like Scalabrine, but Scalabrine can't make 3s, and White Mamba has never been good.  Bibby in his younger days was a solid PG.
bchalcyon88::it's like when the Bucks cheered for Brian Scalabrine, the great white hope.
salamanderNT::Bibby is our victory lap.  When Bibby comes in, that means the Knicks just spanked their opponent.  For a bonus, he added a 3 and an alley-oop.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::named*
bchalcyon88::There's hope of the Knicks won back to back against the Pacers. this is a .600 team right?
salamanderNT::Check your sentence again, it doesn't make sense.  Read it aloud, and see if you understand yourself.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::this is ESPN.com, check the stats yourself. nobody here is your slave.
NY State Of Mind 19::The Knicks are like the roller coaster at Coney Island...hang on for the ride.
ceeboogie49::Word. Knicks need to let-up on the streaks and play with the consistency, it looks like that is what is about to happen. Tonight will make a statement and get them rolling into next week. 3-0!
xray6060::yes
Tyson Chandler The Beast::pretty nice re post
fionadly::wow~~he really said that?
Tyson Chandler The Beast::nope
chiayen23::http://super-rintendo.com
salamanderNT::Wow, way to promote hate.  Good for you, for your efforts to make this world a worse place.  Trying to bring everyone to your level, huh?  "My life sucks, boo hoo." -chiayen23
salamanderNT::You posted ignorance &gt; you are perpetuating ignorance &gt; you are igorant &gt; your life sucks.  Sounds right to me.
chiayen23::i posted a link and you jumped to 4 conclusions
Tyson Chandler The Beast::i said the same thing
BWNJ-Frank::Anthony is not consistent. Amare is getting better now.
fionadly::woodson is the kind of coach who knows how to make balance and make stars happy and win the game at the same time
fionadly::woodson is lucky cuz melo cant afford to lose a few more games  .media  there are beast
salamanderNT::Didn't think Woodson had it in him, but so far, I like the results of his head coaching abilities.
salamanderNT::Indeed, but he got 5 dimes, 7 assits, and 2 steals.  That means he's hustling on D.  Anthony's shot hasn't been consistent this year, and that's just the reality of shooting the ball.  Hustle can always be consistent, if you are trying.  Amare got more than 2 boards today, both good signs moving forward.  You need your stars to work on both sides of the court.  People talked about Melo coming here only to play offense, such BS.  Melo can score, but he can also D.  We just need him to play with energy for the rest of this season, and the Knicks will be dangerous.
BWNJ-Frank::I agree.
fionadly::and tyson is the best miss the nerd 3 with glasses
fionadly::test
bchalcyon88::i like rice.
bchalcyon88::JR Smith scored like 58pts in the Chinese league, he comes to New York, a couple of airballs,a few flashy dunks. and Let Indiana scored 42pts on 4th qtr.
Ismar9921::i dont get it, how are these cubes a language, i only see cubes !
salamanderNT::Stop embarassing yourself Ismar9921.
fionadly::ie6 is not good  update to ie8 at least
Zamian7833::Fiona and NT...I told you guys..ignore him and he will go away. Trust me, I dealt with his type before
salamanderNT::I am having fun Zamian7833.  Happy that the Knicks won, and that there's another game today.
BWNJ-Frank::I know what salamander means.
BWNJ-Frank::better talk in English
fionadly::oh i see just posting chinese to see how many our people here, interesting isnt it
salamanderNT::Ok, got it.  Some Americans think when they hear a person speaking a foreign language around them, that those people are talking poorly of them.  Thus they get offended.  I didn't read every post on this article.  And if there's a couple I don't understand (because of the language barrier), I'm sure my life ain't gonna change one bit.  And no, to knowing frank.
fionadly::you two know each other?
fionadly::haha  gal not guy
salamanderNT::Chill out Frank.  This is an international board.  Trust me, the guy/gal isn't talking about you.  LOL.
salamanderNT::JR learned to be generous in China, thus he allowed Indiana to make the final score more acceptable.  JR must've felt bad about beating Portland by 42.
BWNJ-Frank::So...
fionadly::system sucks
bmanmismo::So are we gonna call this woodsanity until they go on a losing streak?
fionadly::ny-sanity knick-sanity
bchalcyon88::When Lin makes a simple layup or a weak dunk, white men in the audience will hug each other, and chinese people jump up and down with distracting billboards , when black people do those thing..it's just another basketball game they seen sinced the CBA league.
raaaj989::another BLACK man being racist,yet only WHITE people are considered racist! FU CK  THE  NAACP!diddy can say "BLACK POWER" at the all-star game,but if a WHITE man says "WHITE POWER" he is considered racist, WHAT THE FU  CK!
salamanderNT::Chill on calling people out. Enjoy the good feelings of 2 in a row.  When the Knicks lose, you can bring out your Race riot gear.
Zamian7833::Guys..just ignore this moron! hes just trying to get some attention. Psss...little pest, go away!
salamanderNT::We know this.  This guy needs a little more love from his parents.  It's OK, we're talking about basketball, and the Knicks won.  A brat isn't gonna make the good feeling of the Knicks getting a 42 point blowout, and a 15 point blowout feel any less awesome.
fionadly::ignore him and his IQ....... what does NT means  looks familiar
salamanderNT::I really don't remember why I added NT, LOL.  He's not upsetting me at all, I find his posts so stupid, they make me chuckle.
salamanderNT::Is that you Floyd Mayweather?  Don't you have a boxing match you need to train for, or did you not get enough racism out to the world today?
salamanderNT::"OK?  Non-sequitur Much?"  -The Boil on my a$$
bchalcyon88::“Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are  not persuasive; persuasive words are not good.” Lao Tzu
fionadly::here u r  ~u little moron~prepare for your SAT please~ stop acting like adults
bchalcyon88::Just because i remind you, that you can be a tool for the american's newsmedia to play with. you shouldn't get upset.
Kimsky1::Just because words are not beautiful doesn't mean they are true. Just because you quote Lao Tzu doesn't mean you are as intelligent as him. Frankly, it doesn't even mean you understand him.  Your racism drips from your posts like puss from an infection.
salamanderNT::Your parents disappointment hurts.  I kid.  Knicks are getting their trolls back.  The Knicks must be looking better, since the trolls (people who hate success, because they have none in their own lives) are back in full effect.  Not quite as many trolls as during Linsanity, but I'm sure the throngs of self-hating trolls will flood these boards, as soon as Woodsanity/Knicksanity gets rolling.
bchalcyon88::the truth hurts. “Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are  not persuasive; persuasive words are not good.” Lao Tzu
Tyson Chandler The Beast::all dunks are exciting, has nothing to do with race you racist.
chisoldier::Looks like the Knicks bandwagon is filling up again.  We saw this happen a few weeks ago also when Lin first hit the scene.  It doesn't take much to get Knick fans excited.  I guess that's what happens when your team consistently underachieves.
EasyRun18::Jefferies was not playing when Knicks played Chicago last week.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::and lost by 3 the 1st time they played with no Lin, BD or Smith.
EasyRun18::Chicago got beat by Portland at home?
Tyson Chandler The Beast::yes sir
EasyRun18::I coundn't belive Chicago got beat by Portland even without Rose-Chicago. Knicks beat Portland easily.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::Chi beat Miami without Rose.
salamanderNT::Blowing out the Trailblazers feels a lot better than getting blown out by the Trailblazers, right "chi-soldier?"
EasyRun18::I would say Knicks (#8) got a good chance to beat Chicago (if #1) but not  that much chance to beat Miami.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::you do remember CHI was pretty terrible before they stole the lottery to get Derrick "I cheat on my SAT" Rose.
94yennie::Just pray that woodson will not be promoted to head coach... if he be the knicks's head coach, then it is better to trade LIN to a better team!
fionadly::and i like kobe bytheway. it not about race  you r so stupid..................
EasyRun18::I'm a Rockets fan for life, watched Drexler,Olajuwon at UH when I was a kid. but I will freely admit that I'm a closet Knicks fan since Linsanity.
RICHIEBABY617::when did everything become all about LIN... you guys got him in the hall of fame with less than 20 games under his belt... its about the team  and if we could get... krie irving is better than lin john wall l is better than lin  b jennings is better than lin..... let lin grow and become great he got alot of work to do . its almost as if ppl want lin to get his even if the team is losing... its about the team bro.....
bchalcyon88::i love diet coke too, its the only american cuisine you can enjoy.
fionadly::"sarcasm~"sheldon cooper dont you moron know there's a thing called tv or internet   and yes  my favourate coke is diet coke. it only cost 3 rmb each
bchalcyon88::Lin got rich white,jewish, asian people to watch basketball again. because in a bad economy these people have money to spend $800 on a ticket and $20bucks for 2 diet coke.
bchalcyon88::this is why muslim countries banned women from talking about sports, and put veils over their face, because they come to forum like this one and talk about black men's PEEnus.
fionadly::you moron  its his girlfriend  what ru thinking
salamanderNT::You lost bchalcyon88?  This is about the Knicks, not about your dumba$$ thoughts.
fionadly::what r u talking about? Allah ?? really? this is basketball area    come on talk bwith your brain
bchalcyon88::silence infidels!! Allah will smite you with a thousand daggers.
Dazfx2::How do you deny what you said on camera?
mjbradespieman::i'm liking jr smith and his energy...
fionadly::and his twitt photo :)
krabs14 banned::are all the knicks fans back on the band wagon
RICHIEBABY617::i never left im not like mda i dont jump ship been a knicks fan for 25 years
krabs14 banned::that would take some heavy trolls
Johnmpasq::The trolls are still weighing it down though.
Johnmpasq::I do love the Tyson Chandler signing though. He is a great player and a leader
shields620::A "great" player?  LOL
salamanderNT::That's a good adjective for chandler.  OP didn't say "greatest," just great.  Chandler has been "great" on defense, and has been a "great" leader in the locker room.  These are acceptable adjectives, when your team blows out Portland (who beat the Bulls @ home) and the Pacers (team that was 9 games above .500 before Hibbert ran into a wall called Tyson Chandler).
bchalcyon88::As good as Tyson was against the Bulls, Jared Jefferies is so important because those  two stop teams from leading double digits every qtr against the Knicks. Lin will tell you how many times he appreciate Jared Jefferies plays.
EasyRun18::Jefferies,primary job is defense &amp; rebounding. he's very important for Knicks.
fokman::Exactly, there is a reason why they lost 6 straight when he wasnt in the lineup... They need Jared and Shump to play because they are their best defenders after Chandler...  If they stay healthy I have no doubt that they will be in the playoffs
Johnmpasq::Jared Jeffries has played very well this season
49erProudFan1980::melo's shooting percentage is terrible, around 40%.   Just because you were a star doesn't mean you still are.  I'm sure a lot of people in the NBA could average 20 points a game if they chucked up enough shots and opportunties while shooting 40%
fionadly::"out of shape"  you mean people  but i like it :)
EasyRun18::Agreed,  Melo/Amare, really out of shape, also Fatty Felton (round shape) looks like a smaller Barkley.
RICHIEBABY617::heys whats stats shootin perecentage havent heard many ppl talk about his poor play over the tough spots in the season......and where was stat last april in playoffs games oh yeah on the bench with a bad back 100 mill huh?
RICHIEBABY617::wait we are comparing carmelo to lebron now........ lebron is the best on the planet......and ur the same guy who last year was saying how bad lebron sucked... ur a clown
Johnmpasq::I think every player in the NBA could actually. The difference is not every player in the NBA can create that many shots for themselves. Melo should go look at some Lebron tape and learn to be a more efficient player. The problem is Anthony is out of shape and works nowhere near as hard as Lebron. Anthony is a year or 2 older but has no hops left in his legs. If he hit the gym like Lebron he could be twice the player he is but he is lazy
dramend::Amen. He is lazy.
