BigLu121::Quarter of the way into the season. Knick hating Trolls are a dying breed
charlie hustle bets the over::since the trade, nuggets have won 4 times as many playoffs games as the knicks.  FACT (since you nyc clowns insists on saying "FACT" after everything)
Pusherman3::Melo was -10 last night.  Chandler was +12 and Kidd was +9.  JR, some how, was +12.  Melo will take credit for "closing", but Chandler and Kidd were the keys...although Melo did a nice job drawing cheap fouls in the 1st quarter, keeping the Knicks in the game.  Nuggets can't shoot, which will limit their ability to win close games.  Knicks are flush with shooters...as are all good teams.
mrfotns::Melo was injured and you could tell by his movements. He was not as graceful but he got the job done like Elite players should. The guy has been getting harassed by other teams all season. The fact that his efficiency rating is in the top ten is amazing. Once amare comes back, this should create more space and he can go back to playing his normal position.
laneclark13::I don't like Melo, still. On another note, why the h is McGee still sitting? He needs to be on the court a lot more!
Pusherman3::McGee was -12 last night in 16 minutes.  The worst for either team.  He can't play against guys like Chandler.
Job21223::Is Camby or Copeland gone when Amar'e returns?  Whoever it is, Schump will probably bump the other guy later, if everyone stays healthy.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Was watching the postgame show on NBATV, and I thought it was funny that Brent Barry was hell-bent on proving that NYK are still running D'Antoni's offense.  So much so that after Steve Smith said "The difference Woodson is that he's never had as many 3-point shooters", Barry actually tries to convince everyone that the Knicks have no 3 point shooters other than Novak, and that its all a product of D'Antoni's system...
BigLu121::Well Woodson did say that he took elements of D'antoni's system. Thats what makes Woody a good coach. Hes a learning coach who willing to make tweats to his coaching approach unlike D'antoni
Job21223::The problem in NYC was Dumbtoni's leadership and motivational failures, not his offensive gameplan.  Guys do not respond to him.  He had one team that had amazing chemistry that he lucked into (Suns).  The Lakers are getting the same dose of arms-crossed head-shaking bad-body-language coaching now.
fokman::He has a small small point... its not that Woodson is running DA offense its that he is using some of his sets notibly the 4 wide and the high pick and roll which is the base of DA system
nba is the worst::Good point - last season the Knicks were 21st in 3-pt FG% at .336, this year 3rd at .405
Alex47666::would u stop bring up mozgov he got beat by koufs and mcgee for playing time
Alex47666::who's that
wilmaso::MOZZZZZZZZZZGOVVVVVVVVVVVV
TheAvenger007::Anyone else excited for Shumpert's and Amare's return?  I feel if anything it'll give a lot of Veterans on this team much needed rest.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Absolutely.  I hate that people keep bringing up "how will Amare fit in?"....Honestly, all he has to do is play better than Sheed for this team to keep winning.  No offense to Sheed because he's been playing well, but honestly that doesn't seem that hard.  And we already know Shump is going to make us even better defensively...
biggiejordan::Everyone acts like the Nuggets organization did 'Melo wrong. HE forced his way out of the franchise while providing distraction for the better half of a season. Did we enjoy 'Melo in Denver, absolutely, but any illusion that we kicked him to the curb are grossly unfounded.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I don't think I've ever heard anyone not blame Melo for what happened...ever lol
bitter382::D'Antoni = Losing record Gallinari = Losing Record Lin = Losing record  Knicks = Championship record
SjGMEN77::D'Antoni = Defense not his forte, and his system only works with Nash. Gallinari = Good player, bad down the stretch. Lin = mediocre PG with no left dribble; be lucky he has Harden to gloss over his flaws.  Knicks = great blue-collar coach, best scorer in the NBA, significant bench, current Defensive Player of the Year.  Coming soon: 1 of the best PF's in the NBA, and a great perimeter defender.
bitter382::"We are not a very good team right now"  ~Mike D'Antoni  Where have I heard that before?
i want bacon::Nuggies fans ran their mouths for 2 years about Melo and the Knicks......funny how I don't see them chirping today. How's Mozgov doing?
charlie hustle bets the over::? since the trade, nuggets have won 1 game, knicks have won 1 game. BOTH were at MSG.  since the trade, knicks have won 1 playoff game. nuggets, a lot more than 1.
0nly_In_NY::nuggets must really miss melo, sucks that your star player is gallo
Alex47666::its actually iggy but still sad none the less
13Datty40Zetty::Melo rebuilding NYC with all dem 4th Q bricks.
nba is the worst::ALL TWO?  smh
13Datty40Zetty::pathetic 4th Q Nuggets, absolutely pathetic.
swiftandabundant::Melo breakin' ankles!  Welcome back Melo!  Good home win, 4th game in 5 days and we go 3 out of 4?  Not bad at all my Knicks!!!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
nba is the worst::"Carmelo shooting 71% FG in the 4th quarter isn't clutch, and nearly cost his team the game there at the end".  - CoconutClowninFlorida
wilmaso::lmao good one
CoconutFaninFlorida::Jeez people, I don't hate Melo, I'm actually one of his biggest supporters, but it kills me to see him take those dumb contested 20 foot shots at the end of games- AND BRICK THEM AT THAT.
knickskid1212::Lol Coconut do yourself a favor please don't post anymore on knicks wall's you clearly no nothing about  basketball letm e guess you like the heat
nba is the worst::He's easy to prove wrong - the Knicks were ahead by 6 pts when 'Melo took the 1st of those last 2 shots and by 4 when he took the 2nd - yet somehow that = "nearly cost them the game"..  For the 4th quarter, Melo made 4 jumpers and a layup in the last 7 minutes, and missed just those last 2 shots that coconut is so upset about - that's 5-7, 71%...  The rest of the team was 4-9 on long jumpers
Len_Dawg24::Coconut your a major problem, dont watch my knicks anymore!!!!
TheAvenger007::That is the dumbest post I have ever read.....
RO7NY::Its almost like you couldn't find anything to complain about so this is what you posted.
texanswin2012::shut the hell up your not eve n a knicks fan
CoconutFaninFlorida::This is a major problem. Melo needs to understand, he can't go back to his old ways of taking dumb, contested shots.
CoconutFaninFlorida::Melo nearly cost his team the game there at the end.
knickskid1212::lol this coconut dude knows nothing at all about basket ball bricks lol hold the ball kill the clock if you miss no worrier were up 6 point is you kill the clock
Len_Dawg24::Yeah but Melo took a bad shot in that game lmao.....come on coconut, the guy is playing lights out and probably leading the NBA in scoring. COMEEE ONNN MANNNNN (from Chris Carter)
Len_Dawg24::Gues you havent watched the knicks at all this year coconut.....they maybe one of the best passing teams. They are always finding the open player and making the best pass. Go complain somewhere else, knick hater! PEACE
nba is the worst::He watched them destroy the heat twice...
RO7NY::Its so funny how people can talk in hindsight.  "bricking shots." So you'd rather have someone else brick a shot? I would rather have Melo miss than someone else.  Because if he passes it to someone else and they miss you will be on here complaining that he passed it.  Just like he did Jared Jeffries a few years ago in the playoffs against Boston.
CoconutFaninFlorida::No, I'd rather have someone else take a better shot. Move the ball around, and find the open man. Its basic basketball.
TheAvenger007::Lmao. Every Superstar has to take tough shots at the end. That is what makes you clutch.
CoconutFaninFlorida::This is probably the dumbest post I have ever read on an ESPN convo board. Bricking shots at the end of the game makes you clutch?
B..........::Only he didnt. He sealed the win.
nba is the worst::All 2?  smh
CoconutFaninFlorida::But he didn't draw the foul. If you watched the game, he took some awful shots at the end of the game and bricked them all.
B..........::He was doing what the coaches told him too. Hold the ball, draw a foul, or shoot with no time on the SC. The what ifs are nice but what acually happened is what matters.
CoconutFaninFlorida::He took some bad shots there at the end of the game.
MoneyBallNY::I was at this game, well I was at my house when it was playing on tv, and the Knicks are an algorithm this year and it's awesome to watch.  The only tough shot worth taking in most scenarios is the 3.  Take that and adjust for the ability and movement of the other team and now the Knicks are getting more for every roster dollar than just about any other team in the league.  I just don't know how it will hold up in the playoffs, you just can't tell from here.
nba is the worst::There sure were a lot of scared heat fans rooting for the Nuggs here last night...
ERod1029::I can't shake the feeling that Amare will ruin the chemistry when he returns...
pckrier::He will be traded soon.  Amare to the Fakers (reunion with D'Antoni) for Pau Gasol.  It's time for both of them start fresh somewhere else.
army of bono::Nobody is trading for Amare.
army of bono::Why?  Woodson will find a spot for him to thrive.  All he adds is more depth to an already deep bench.
Djuki 3::Nice win, Knickerbockers!
nba is the worst::Just read in the newspaper that George Karl believes 'Melo will win a title...  That seals it - the championship is coming to NYC!
pckrier::Why?  Is 'Melo trying out for the Giants?  Or the Yankees?
nba is the worst::Giants?  smh
Go_Avs123::And no matter what Anthony said, Chandler said players never stop wanting to beat their old team.  "You always want to show them what they're missing and I think they saw tonight," Chandler said.  Wow, is Chandler slow or just stupid? I guess this moron doesn't remember that Melo didn't want the Nuggets.
army of bono::Whether Melo wanted the Nuggets or not doesn't change the fact that he would want to stick it to them.  Perhaps you are too slow/stupid to understand that?
manimarf09::"The Knicks gave up more than they wanted to in order to get Anthony, and the Nuggets had better balance and more success afterward."  --- "more success afterward"? Wow, not really. The Nuggets now have no go-to guy and haven't gotten out of the first round of the playoffs since Melo left.
phattybumbum::Nuggets didn't make it out of the first round when Melo was around.  And out of the all the times Nuggs and knicks have met since the trade.  This is the first win for melo
charlie hustle bets the over::army of bono - I recall them making it to the WCF.  I guess that doesn't count?  chauncey did that, not melo.
army of bono::I recall them making it to the WCF.  I guess that doesn't count?
manimarf09::"I don't have no hard feelings toward Denver..." Anthony said.  That's a double negative, right? So... he does?
GambaSucks::KNICKS BABYYYY!!! (typical new york accent )
jess1968inAZ::I started using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I doubled my initial sportsbook balance the first month using this system. You can find it on the first page of google by searching for basketball betting system.
cooltapes777::<b>MSG the only undefeated bldg in the league?  this is for those who paid to watch chris duhon</b>
Ev-Dawg3000::this nuggets fan really misses carmelo anthony
Dino__Spumoni::Heat Baby!!!! I started watching more than just sportscenter in order to see my Favorite Players LEBRON and DWADE take the court in South Beach and make Penny Hardaway and Hakeem Allahjuwan and every all-time-great Heats proud. Lets Go Heat   -Heat Fan
dwade grater den jordan::lol nix sux still heat aint scared
Dino__Spumoni::Heat last year were 11-5.  Knicks 15-5.
Dino__Spumoni::Spoelstra is
Jets Knicks Yankees NY 1988::we beat y'all by 20,  beat us at least once this year, then talk,  oh, and please dont bring up the past.... cuz that was then, this is now,  u scared bro.
snguyen1965::I started using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago. Ive made around 3K a month each month since I started using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find it there. If you bet on sports you gotta check this system out.
KnicksRangersYanks::But the Nets own this city lol
Dino__Spumoni::we are undefeated at the Garden,   while Nets just lost their 4th game in BK to the Bucks.     They dont even own Brooklyn
LifeInInfrared::Ha, yeah right.
Jets Knicks Yankees NY 1988::i think the knicks will be the new lob city of the east coast once amare and shump come back.
Actie46::If they keep shooting 3's like they you might be right.. it opens the inside of the paint for them. Chandler is feasting off this lately.
Jets Knicks Yankees NY 1988::all the haters on the lakers board.... what a bunch of losers, lol.
Actie46::Knicks are 19-1 at home under Woodson....Its safe to say it will be hard to win at the Garden for opposing teams this year.
mcook813::Melo had a good 4th but he was -10 for the game. Still poor team defense by Melo after all these years.
KG7706::that -10 wasn't Melo fault , he was a beast tonight !
KnicksRangersYanks::Getting the win is all that matters. 15-5 baby!
Actie46::Knicks have to learn to put these .500 ball clubs away early and not let them hang around during the waning minutes.
njkaplan::Knicks also have the lowest amount of turnovers per game in the league...I think...or was that team defense...forgot which one.  Who cares they're winning.
Dino__Spumoni::Knicks are beating the teams they are supposed to beat......you are either not watching the same games as us  or are incredibly  stupid
Actie46::Its just an observation to how they play against certain teams that are not elite teams. They play to the level of their competition only difference is the defense is consistent through out the game and they have few turnovers in late minutes. Hey they are 15-5 regardless and 8-0 and home which is a good look for them.
rondu33::what are u talking about? Most of the Knick wins have been blowouts
Jets Knicks Yankees NY 1988::they need a 2nd scorer,  they do have a #1 (Carmelo) and a #3 (JR and Felton) though.
Arnold23Mc::KNICKS R FOR REAL!
.United We Run.::I hate Phil
eototalt::and Phil hates you!
CandySparker::Go Melo Anthony!
bluekaze21::seriously, its good to see the knicks doing well again. last year imho they were one of the biggest underachievers, and this year they look like they will be making noise in the playoffs.  oh, and carmelo is a scoring beast.
RO7NY::The Knicks didn't have a PG last season... that was the major upgrade to this team this season... they have 3 now.  The season was shortened so it favored teams that have been together for a little while... not newly assembled teams like the Knicks.  Injuries didn't help either.  This year its the exact opposite and the Knicks are flourishing.
bluekaze21::imho this year the are playing up to their potential. novak, chandler, melo, kidd, jr, stat, felton make a formidable team. but thats just me.
rickobeast::j li effects,they all want to prove without him there r better, n there r..
jayeteee::So this year they're over achieving?
.United We Run.::How do I make Wolves fans look bad?
eototalt::Is this a serious question?
.United We Run.::I love the Wolves.....not the Heat
eototalt::Trolling, trashing other teams fan bases, and just being an a.ss to people on here makes Wolves fans look bad. If you want to do all that to people on this board make a Heat Fan profile and do it. You'd fit right in.
.United We Run.::yes
rickobeast::final-knickvs spur. knick win4-3.    final mvp-C MELO.
.United We Run.::Go Wolves
eototalt::You should stop making Wolves fans look bad.
nugsavsroxbroncs::Ya listen to Picachu!
eototalt::Thank You Knicks!  I hope the Nuggets are ready for Rubio... a good chance he is back Wed. :)
jayeteee::If he doesn't hurt himself wrestling in his backyard.
eototalt::He beat Scal no problem! I think we're good!
theanimal53::Lakers front office was idiotic to not get Phil back.
jayeteee::Do you think the players are the problem w/ the Nuggets?
nugsavsroxbroncs::Ya they are.. But the players are the problem.
.United We Run.::Good thing I'm not a Lakers fan
eototalt::Go away!
nugsavsroxbroncs::Good
.United We Run.::Knicks suck
nugsavsroxbroncs::Lakers suck
