Lenny Len Len Liriano::Beats the defending champions Miami Heat in Miami, Loses at home to the Bobcats. #CelticsLogic
Ed DeSalle::Didnt beat Heat. Heat blew it. 14 missed free throws Stupid Wade free throw at end. Celtics are CRAP!
Adrian DiMarcantonio::Ed DeSalle on the last play every player on the heat could have ran where the ball was passed to. only lebron did. and lebron also played horrible defense on the last play
Ed DeSalle::Adrian DiMarcantonio My friend the Heat are Going to finish 30 games ahead of the Celtics. Just Stop!
Adriano Wind::Celtic Pride. Lez go. 5 straight.  Great test for Oly down low on D. But big test for Big AL trying to guard him as well.
David Eckel::Celtics 5-4 after tonight
Adriano Wind::If they keep playing the well, then I agree.
Kevin J. McKenna::BS
Charles Cherry::Celtics on a win streak...they cover 5...
Chelo Mejias::The Celtics will continue their dominance and throttle the bobkittens
Antoine Black::Even if the C's overachieve and make the playoffs as the 8th seed, they will be bounced out in the first round. Celtics need to start tanking, and now seems like a good game to start. It is a broken system that rewards you for being bad, but that's what the current system is and they need to exploit it. None of this in the middle .500 garbage. That is the worst thing you could ever do for your future.
Chelo Mejias::You don't watch the c's much, do you?
Antoine Black::Yes I do watch them and I have a realistic viewpoint on the team as opposed to being a homer.
Chelo Mejias::Antoine Black   Was beating the miami heat realistic?
David Marcelli::Typical Celt's team over the past few years. We can beat the 2-time champ Heat but lose 2 the Bobkittens
Jose Klatter::Remember that the win over Miami was Miami's fault. You know that, I don't have to tell you do I?
Adriano Wind::Jose, you do know that Rondo wasn't playing and that Miami was at full squad right?
Daniel Figueroa::Keeeeeeeeemmmmmmmmmbbbbbbbaaaaaaa!!!!!!   Celtics are about to taste defeat.
VansDose John Mu—oz Durano::jeff greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnnn !
David Keefe::Cats have the better coach
Benny Bressett::Yes they do David, and I believe we know him too...
Mirnes Sibalo::Bobcats give everything they got Celtics 150- Bobcats 25
Stephen Turner::youre one ignorant fool
Vladimir Tsalyuk::looks like boston has solified to be the worst team in the league now. Kitties 2nd last. I say its time to trade rondo to a contender
Bryon Blaisdell::Why trade Rondo when we have a good chance of getting a high lottery pick while retaining a good nucleus of players? Bring one more guy into that mix and you have a contender
Benny Thai Tran::What are you smoking?  They are 1 game under 500.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::one guy wont help. theyd need like 9 new guys. All these chumps boston have cant ball.  and whats with all this talk from u boston fans about green. all he does is run out the clock and put up bricks. one of the worst chumps in the league. they should just trade him for someone who plays hard, like try to convince ryan bowen out of retirement, even hes better than green
Bryan James::Celtics starting out poor was obvious.They have a new crew that needs games to create chemistry.As long as bradley and green is healthy,this team can make a 6th seed..
Mark Smith::This winning thing is getting ridiculous..did you see Wiggins, Parker and Randle last night? <DROOL>>>
Mark Smith::The real Celtics are making an appearance tonight! ! Against a quality 5, this team folds as they have no one to counter it...
Cristefer Young::if we can win and philly lose we will be leading our division. keep the good times rollin'. pumped for this game. #green1dribbledrive.
Chelo Mejias::More like, the c's need a win to stay in first place
Tom Burzynski::Cs need to lose i want parker, randle, or wiggins in Boston. :]
Ed DeSalle::Crap Team Crap Fanbase! Laugh My BALZ off!
Benny Thai Tran::They are called real Fans.  Even when there teams are under 500 they are still cheering.  Douchey Douche!
Ed DeSalle::Benny Thai Tran Pretty Girl in the pic you have
Taylor Wells::cats win. big al finally plays like he is worth 40 mil
Chelo Mejias::refs keeping the bobkittens in this
Tony Clark::How do you lose @ home to Charolette
Shanny Salcedo::ask the knicks
Jeeves Sritharan::ok bobcats!  very nice
Chelo Mejias::C's!
Adriano Wind::Boston goes from Celtic Pride to Tank mode at any given moment, or vice versa lol.  You can tell it's tank mode when there are questionable coaching moves and the refs are fixing the game.  They did the same with the Bucks at home and called 4 flopps from Zaza as fouls on the Celtics. I guarantee you that the owners, ainge and the commish have already planned out that the Celtics are getting a top 3 pick. Welcome to the WWF! There's no integrity, honesty or fair play in Pro Sports.  Bunch of greedy losers and fools.
Adriano Wind::Why was Stevens guarding Big Al with an undersized PF like Bass to start, and most of the game?  That's the bigger question. Favs pretty much contained him everytime he was on him and Oly woulda done better with his  length as well.  Also why wasn't GW playing some PF last night instead of guarding Henderson the SG, especially with Sully being out. GW proved he can succeed at PF and actually had most of his success there.
Shanny Salcedo::With the Knicks on the decline, the C's and Nets should be neck and neck competing for the division title and either one will end up a 4th or 5th seed
