Kumar Ve::Sixers are going to go 82-0 in regular season and 16-0 in play offs
Scott Carter::Wow, cocaine really IS a helluva drug!
Josh Schwartz::If the Sixers want to start being taken seriously and having people mock them, they need to back up that win at home against the defending champs with a win over the mediocre Wizards. This is a game the Sixers SHOULD win, but we'll have to see. I know Washington is better, but they didn't exactly win their first game against a good team. Philly did. Let's go Sixers!
Lan Holland::I don't want them to win too many games though. I'm glad they're playing hard but I rather have them lose and have a shot at a championship that to see them out the playoffs every year  in the first or second round. Quick thought imagine how much better off the sixers would have been if we traded A.I for some picks when LeBron , Melo , D-Wade and Chris Bosh came out. They have that same opportunity now to actually build something.
Josh Schwartz::See, that's seriously stupid. You don't "build" something by purposely losing and making yourself look bad, and then HOPING you get a stupid lottery ball to fall your way, and then HOPING a top pick won't be another Oden or bust. I don't like it. Just coach the players you have and fight your heart out to win every single game put in front of you. Not every team who wins the championship has to have several stupid, overpaid superstars. It's so sickening. So, I want the Sixers to try and win every single game they can.
Kristopher Michael::Josh Schwartz See, this is seriously stupid.  By tanking, we're nearly assured two top 10 picks in next years draft (one of our own and one protected).  We will be loaded if we can secure those.  With E Turn and the emergence of MCW, a healthy Nerlens and possibly Wiggins and bringing in a HUGE free agent, we'll be stacked for quite some time.  I agree with Lan.. let's win a few and beat some of the bigger teams but let's focus on why Jrue and others were traded away.  We're not supposed to win.  I LOVE that we beat the Heat and look GREAT, but I want one season of pure BS that can be followed by quite a few postseason run teams.
Josh Schwartz::That's my Sixers! Fell behind early, and a lot of idiotic people were probably thinking "they're tanking", but you fought back and won. Say what you want about the Wizards, but Wall is a very good player and it was their home opener, so this was no cakewalk. Philly, the "worst" team in the league, is now a nice 2-0. Eat THAT, Vegas!
Tom Totosz::Philly will win this game. Washington is filled with lazy pieces of crap. Not one guy on their team is playing defense. How Booker is on the floor is a mystery. He does nothing besides jog back and forth. He's jogging a 5k, not playing buckets. Besides Walls this team is useless. They will be at the bottom again. Terrible team.
Shawn Muth::wow really.. So beal is garbage.. gosh man you sound mean
Mike Baltz::Sixers over the Wizards 110-99
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Victor Beauchamp::I'd join, but I've already got 3 teams on my mind.
Joseph Evans::If the Sixers win another game this month, we should fire Brent Brown immediately. HOW DARE THIS TEAM NOT ROLL OVER AND SUCK WHEN IT NEEDS TO!!!
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Brett has a guaranteed contract :) I'm very happy for Coach Brown, although he is very much missed by the Spurs and their fans. Go Sixers!
Richard Swartz::The Sixers need to stop winning now.  They'll be out the Wiggins sweepsteaks at this rate.
Ceegramz MrTapout Beats::They won't stop. Too much heart
Matt Aber::Agreed - Philly teams do nothing right
Jim Lachall::Now listen coach, we brought you here to teach, not to win for god's sake. Turn this thing around now or your out of here.
Bret Jm Stuter::bwa ha ha ha ha ha!  Yeah, 76ers are tanking baby!   Tanking the guppy NBA!
Josh Schwartz::That's what you think, moron.
Suorth Suom::Don't tease me Sixers!!!!!
Max Modesto::let the tanking bagin!
Wood Lee::Sixer win!!
Karan Singh::that would be nice if they can do it they can make the playoffs, but there is alot that could happen in 1 season. Who knows?
Patrick MacKinnon::Just to maintain some perspective, Charlotte started red hot last year, before realizing that they aren't actually talented.  I'm cheering for Philly, but don't forget Charlotte last year.  And Wall having to say to half empty arena, that you guys are the best fans in the world, pathetic I feel sorry for the kid.  But, at least that's more people than at Miami Heat home games.  With all the empty seats to the start the season across the league, is this a sign that Americans are really beginning to feel the hit financially?
Jeremy Navarro::sixers might surprise people this season. still early, but it going to be a fun season seeing how the tank sixers will do. will they tank like people say or will they surprise people. my feeling is with the decent talent they have sixers might surprise people
Tom Totosz::Charlotte might have a better record than washignton this year. Its going to be close. Beals and Ariza are career backups while Booker who starts should be in the D-league. Wall is the only guy worth a starting spot
Jeremy Navarro::sixers dont need to tank sure they might not get the best player in the draft, but 50% of the time guys dont pan out. plus it not like sixers dont have pieces to build on. if they play hard and draft right they will have a good team in 2 or 3 years.
Jeremy Navarro::if i was the sixers ill look for a PF they have a pretty good SF and back court but a good PF to help noel next season would be nice. since hawes is good ,but he more a very good back up.
Scott Sprague::If the Sixers tank the rest of the year and add Wiggins or Parker next year, look out. MCW, Noel, Wiggins/Parker, plus a likely lottery pick from NO; could be title contender in a few years.
John Osaki Jr.::what a game! turn back the clock and check out the great chapter on Charles Barkley in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Bob Turk::Experts are all talk and no heart. The Sixers right now are showing heart and pride. Teams that tank games or a season for draft pick are just plain CHEATERS. One man does not always make a team.
Frank Lee::Now they just have to tank the rest of the season, draft a potential superstar and wallow in their young talent next year.
Anthony J Petroff::.....wow, great shooting percentage; Wroten surprising production but TO problem.
Victor Beauchamp::They're having trouble converting those fast-break opportunities.
Suorth Suom::Gave up on the Flyers game, so I'm watching my other team.... C'mon Sixers let me sleep good tonight....
Tom Totosz::76ers have this locked up. Washington looks terrible. They look extremely bad in every area. Terrible shot decision, bad passes, lazy defense, zero hustle.
Suorth Suom::Tom Totosz Sixers are doing the same the last 2:00 minutes...
Suorth Suom::*3:00, hopefully they pullout... I don't wanna see no team from Philly tankin!!!!
Collin Smith::Wow its pretty bad when the wizards have a quarter of thier team in street clothes already......
Jeremy Johnson::Vegas had the over/under for the Sixers at 16 wins.  That was a good bet if you took it.
