etripp216::The Cavs my team, but we really need Jeremy Lamb from UCONN, him and kyrie would be a crazy backcourt.
Mawky1103::Start and Play Kemba more. Why did you draft him to play 14 minutes off the bench vs the Cavaliers.
MrLumpz::Dwight Howard coming to the Cavs!!!! Muhahahahaaaa...
ctownbrown16::total BS
quickbr0wnf0x::It is a young season for a young team, but it is good to see some previews of what is in store for the Cavs' future.  One thing that remains to be seen is consistency -- can they learn to do it on a night after night basis and avoid any big slumps.   That comes with determination...  and experience.
OFrog::ROY line: 8-10 field. 2-2 arc, 2-2 line. 6 assists, 0 turnovers, 3 rebs, 2 blocks in 22 minutes. Like I said, no rookie comes into the NBA playing good D. They have to learn team D, and play man which very few NCAA teams do. Heavy dose of zone. But two blocks shows the effort is there. All I want from a rook pg is a rounded game, take care of the ball and your teammates. His +/- was game best +17. Kyrie has a very bright future. And don't sit there and say, look at all of the talent around him.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Damn, Michael Jordan just basically lost to Dan Gilbert last night, and sadly it isn't an all time low for the shoe salesman.
OFrog::He finally hired a competent gm. When it comes to that duty, nobody want to be like Mike. Just not a great pro hoops town, ask the Hornets. NCAA rules that area. Mike ain't going to spend either. Best move Dan Gilbert ever made was getting rid of bust player/gm Danny Ferry. Cavs look vastly improved from bottoming out last season. Can't say that for Bobkittens.
OFrog::I'll take Irving over Walker all day long. Kyrie just gets better by the game, his best line of the season last night.
Man From UNC::Watch Irving on defense, that's not in the box score or on ESPN highlights....because he plays none.....
OFrog::So says a tobacco road rival. Biased any? Guy had great numbers for limited minutes, and has played very little NCAA or pro hoops.
MrLumpz::Cavs looking good so far. It's gonna be a long season, but I'll take the progress so far. Team is athletic and doesn't mind sharing the ball!!!
rockinvette88::I like the play by Irving bringing energy and youth, but is anyone else troubled that Augustin scored 26, against the Cavs PG's? Thats huge!
Man From UNC::If you are waiting on Kyrie Irving to stop someone forget it.....he played his best defense of the year last night....that's about all you're going to get....Irving plays offense only....
OFrog::Except for theplay he flew down the floor and blocked a shot against the board. No rookie comes into the NBA playing good D or team D. Kyrie did it all last night, best line of year. Shooting 80% from the field, 6 dimes, 0 turnovers?
Man From UNC::First time all season long that I saw Kyrie Irving play any defense at all....nice to see he can when he moves his feet.....so far Thompson seems like the better pick for the Cavs.....
FranciscoKern::Irving and Thompson look good.  Management needs to start building around those guys.
McCreary.71::kidd gilchrist
Man From UNC::Drummond or Davis in next year's lottery would be good....even a John Henson.....
FightinMs::not the toughest games so far, but as they say a wins a win, 3-2 not a bad start for a young team, go cavs!
Man From UNC::Beat a Bad Bobcats team......
xrooster::5 players in double figures.  one player with 9 points.  two players with 8 points.  TEAM basketball. what a concept. move the ball and make the defense work instead of pound it in the floor for 15 seconds and stagnate everything.  wow. wow. wow.
mjoskar::Hey Cav fans, you played one team with a winning record. Calm down. You should want to be a lotto team with the first or second pick, and pick up A Davis or A Drummond. Of course by the time all these young guns are ready to blossom. The new cap rules mean you will have to break up the team. That would serve Gilbert right.
mjoskar::The worst thing in the NBA is to be a yearly 7th or 8th seed without a bona fide star. Irving and Thompson, rookie years let them get through it first. You need a good point guard now a days in the NBA, but the rules guaranty that there will be plenty of them. It's obvious that the NBA scheduled the Cavs and a lot of other NBA lesser tier squads in the beginning of the season to play each other just to insure they get that first victory. Plus all this sharing the ball bs. Just win baby. In the end it's about the results. In the NBA it has been proven well over 90% of the time. Have a star stud. Last year was no exception. His name was Dirk K.
RyanStuver::Dude, I'm going to quote you here. "It's obvious that the NBA scheduled the Cavs and a lot of other NBA lesser tier squads in the beginning of the season to play each other just to insure they get that first victory". What? The NBA is trying to get teams 1 win each? How in God's name is that a rational thought? Everyone has to play each other at some point. Not to mention, the Cavs were 1 Irving layup at the buzzer away from beating a 4-1 Pacers squad that was predicted to blow us out.   I mean, I'm a realist, I don't think we can maintain this kind of record or level of success all year, but c'mon man. You just sound ignorant saying things like that.
1mproperDancing::I'm a Cavs fan and I don't want us to make the playoffs this year, but I love watching us play like this.  That said, we still need at least one more good lottery pick, maybe two, before we have the pieces in place to be a really good team.  But again, you have to love watching Irving and Thompson play like this.  Especially Thompson, who was a pick not a lot of people were happy with.  He's playing well enough to be in the top five for rookie of the year if he keeps this up.
MikeD3321::And who cares about who we've played so far.  If half our schedule is against sub .500 teams and we manage to beat all of them, not too shabby of a record after a sub 20 win season in 2010-2011
MikeD3321::sharing the ball is a new concept in Cleveland, lol
xrooster::There are  a boatload of mediorcre to bad teams in the NBA. The cavs have a fun vibe about them like they did in 2008-2009 when they won tons of games.  only difference is they are actually sharing the ball instead of trying to play hero ball.
xrooster::hey einstein, if the new cap rules mean a team full of young draft picks is going to be broken up anyway then why not WIN NOW!  great argument about teams with winning records this early in the season.  the cavs are a missed layup at the buzzer away from being 4-1.
MikeD3321::We have 2 strong, young players in Irving and Thompson, we don't need another top 2 pick right now
MikeD3321::Plus, with the instituted new cap rules, we wouldn't be able to afford 3 big time players, so not having a top 2 pick this year would work in our favor, no?
fantasy_commish::I know this season is going to eventually come crashing down on the Cavs when they get into some of those long road trips, but seeing the way they're playing right now is very encouraging for next year and beyond.
fresh3155::Corey Maggette...please stop shooting the ball....Charlotte might not be that good but the young team isnt going to do anything with you just shooting every time you touch the ball because you feel you are entitled to it.  Let Augustin do more, the guy has played very well to start the season.
Man From UNC::Maggette has never been known as a team player.....he has never seen a shot that he does not like...
FranciscoKern::What are you talking about?  Look at the box score.  Maggette took 12 shots in 37 minutes.  3 guys, including Augustin, took more shots.
dave s 0942::CAVS are proof positive that the NBA is a YOUNG, young man's game.  Watching Mo Williams walk the ball up the floor (9 seconds) and hand the ball to LeBron while he holds the ball for another 13 seconds while 4 CAVS stand around waiting for him to jack up a 3-ball is thankfully a thing of the past for CAVS fans.  Watching this young team getting up and down the floor and SCORE the ball is a breath of fresh air.
dave s 0942::Agree.  It's more fun to watch 'em get up and down the floor and score the ball than watch paint dry.
1mproperDancing::I think most of us Cavs fans have stopped complaining about losing LeBron.  Just don't expect us to ever stop hating him.  That won't happen.
kfoges03::I can appreciate a fan waiting out the tough times.. finally, someone who isnt complaining about the loss of Lebron
kfoges03::winning games (against better teams than the bobcats), making playoffs, making the finals, its going to be a while before the cavs do any of that again
FranciscoKern::Watching a good young team develop is really just as much fun as watching a team like Lebron that wins a lot of games, but will never win the big one.  At least Cav fans now have hope of winning a championship because Lebron will never win one.
dave s 0942::Winning what?  How many titles did Mo and LeBron bring to Cleveland?
kfoges03::yeah, winning was such a waste of time
digglerdidum::When will Kemba Walker start to complain about playing time???  I mean he is shooting nearly 40%.........
Man From UNC::Only got 13 minutes last night.....Augustine jacked up a ton of shots....had to fight Maggette for the ball......
kfoges03::yeah especially after that offensive explosion last night
peter_tom_willis75::Everyone writing off the Cavs to start the season.  No one has them making the playoffs.  lol.  Go Cavs.  Keep winning for Wilbon then beat Lebron.
joevorell::Serve Dan Gilbert right? What has he done to ruinyour life? Dan Gilbert is one of the best, if not THE best owner in the NBA. You sir are a pathetic front runner. Good luck when your wife leaves you.
mjoskar::Hey Einstein, you played one team with a winning record. You should want to be a lotto team with the first or second pick, and pick up A Davis or A Drummond. Of course by the time all these young guns are ready to blossom. The new cap rules mean you will have to break up the team. That would serve Gilbert right.
1mproperDancing::The new cap rules mean you can overpay your own players, and Gilbert is a billionaire who is hypercompetitive.  Do you think he'll scoff at dropping an extra twenty million in luxury tax payments if he's selling out every game and has a chance at winning a title and rubbing it in everyone's face?
Pan6502::I am impressed with K.Irving!He is the best rookie of the year.
Man From UNC::Derrick Williams and Brandon Knight are both better.......Kyrie finally played some defense tonight, first time all season.....
dirtydean5150::Not to many Bobcat fans on here. Well I will change that. You guys see how just god awful my Bobcats are? I like getting Kemba and all and Bismak looks like he will do some things. But this team is just packed with trash and leftovers from the league. We have never had a draft that produced us with good players let alone all stars, and if and when we get them like J rich and Steven Jackson or Tyson Chandler, we end up trading those guys away for either nothing or a draft pick which we squander. AHHHHH. to be a fan of one of if not the worst teams in the NBA is just great.
xrooster::Hey look at the bright side. At least your not a Cavs fan. At least Dan Gilbert isn't your owner.
1mproperDancing::And Gilbert as our owner got us Kyrie Irving and Tristan Thompson, both of whom are looking like the two best picks in what was supposedly a very weak draft.  As Mike said, Cavs fans love Gilbert.  He's super competitive and he wants to win.  He's also trying to do it the right way this time by bringing in guys with good character and who want to work hard.  As far as the Bobcats go, at least you guys have a good GM now and a decent coach.  Your GM will go a long way toward helping to turn the franchise around.  And I hope he does, because I live in Charlotte and would love to go see a good basketball team here even though I'll always be a Cavs fan.
MikeD3321::You can ask most Cavs fans, we love having Gilbert as our owner.  The dude might complain a lot, but he does it because he's passionate about his team and wants to win.  As Cleveland fans, thats all we care about
MobileInfantry7::Gilbert has already turned this franchise around with one draft
Man From UNC::Kind of hard to mess up the 1st and 4th picks in the draft.....still think they will be sorry they did not take Derrick Williams at #1 and Kemba Walker or Brandon Knight at #4.......time will tell....
kfoges03::well it certainly wasnt getting any worse
aabraham87::As a Duke student I saw these same Chris Paul glimpses from Kyrie right before his foot injury.  It's good to see that's he's fully healed and is helping the Cavs win.  The sky's the limit for this kid!
ctownbrown16::some of these cavs haters are really sad
skymeyer2::hey a 3-2 start for the cavs is not a bad start for a team that lost 26 games in a row just a seaon a ago ill take it.
RayKrebbs1978::What's with all of the Cavs haters who are Heat fans?  I mean what did Cavaliers fans do to you?  It's kind of pitiful actually how you guys act.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_6
peter_tom_willis75::Awesome.  Yeah, what did Urban do to you?  Get over it.  lololol
erie689::You want to know what's even funnier?   So many Heat fans tell Cavs fans to get over Lebron going to Miami...he was a free agent and could do whatever he wanted.  Yet a lot of these same fans call Urban Meyer a traitor because "he quit on them, only to coach a year later at tOSU".  LOL!  Urban Meyer was retired...he could go coach wherever he wanted (laced with sarcasm).
CSS0402::kwame browns "potential" &gt; spammers
