themightyrule10::the wolves season is over if Beasley leaves...pau gasol isn't even a true center and is past his prime
themightyrule10::David khan deserves to be fired if he trades Beasley
eototal::Wolves need to make this trade maybe involve some draft picks as well...http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=753nbxb
luvnbayes::Houston would never do it.  But it's a nice dream.
emaldonado864::Mosgov was -17 when he was on the floor?  Wow, thats terrible.
crossovr11::Plus and minus is a really $@%!$@ stat to take. It means nothing.
luvnbayes::Nonsense. It is hardly worthless.  mn_tanz is right, for one game it doesn't mean much.  But over 82 games it doesn't lie.  The top +/- guys in the league are the same as the best players in the league.     And it exposes guys who LOOK good as opposed to helping the team win.  A classic example:  Michael Beasley, who gathers stats while the team loses.
mn_tanz::I don't think it's completely worthless.  It is when you're comparing two players that aren't on the same team.  But I think it's helpful when you compare players on the same team to a certain extent.  Obviously, larger sample sizes are better than single game samples...
mountainboy33::I think its funny how the #1 liked comment is...  "like this comment if you think the t'wolves will blow out the nuggets"  Denver 103, Minnesota 101
crossovr11::Go F yourself
dogs::you think you have class trolling our board you hippy?
mountainboy33::way to have class
themightyrule10::Luke ridnour can't miss that layup at the end...Thats why you play a true 2 guard (Wayne) who can actually play at the rim and make those shots....
md7152::Wayne could have missed.  Anybody for that matter.  Can't put blame on Ridnour.  How you think he feels about it?  Game should have never came down to that anyway.  Plenty of mistakes by Wolves players all around in overtime.
StPaulPorkProducts::I wonder if Beasley had heard the trade rumors.  He had a good game last night.  Good passes and key shots.  Still some dumb mistakes, but that is par for the course with our team right now.
broncosroxnuggs::t wolves will make the playoffs again in 2016
luvnbayes::Webster's explanation after the game makes him sound worse.  He should have just admitted he had a brain fart.  What he said makes it sound like he was expecting some Nugget to have just as big a brain fart as he had.  And what are the chances that TWO players from opposite teams would have brain farts on the same play?
mn_tanz::That was a really poor game by the wolves.  I missed the first quarter, when they apparently actually played well, and then saw them just run around without any idea of what they were doing.  I'm amazed that this game was as close as it was.
themightyrule10::The best players also happen to ride the bench
mn_tanz::Right, the team really dug themselves into a hole when Rubio and Love were on the bench.  It was pathetic watching the wolves not get back on defense and gave up fast break points when there weren't even turnovers.
luvnbayes::And who played the bulk of the second quarter?  Beasley and Williams.  The two guys you say should start.
themightyrule10::the wolves need to pull out a nice little win streak....they could have moved ahead of Portland and been 1 game from The 8th seed last night...
TonyJar0502::I'm not blaming the refs one way or another but that had to be the worst officiating I have ever seen.  That goes both ways.  Holy crap.  NBA seriously needs to fix it before it is too late.
StPaulPorkProducts::I didn't like seeing Rubio flop so obviously.  That was disappointing.  Way too Ginobili for me.
luvnbayes::Manu Ginobili is the winningest player in the league for an active player.  A statistical fact.  Saying something is "way too Ginobili" as a negative I don't get.  I wish ANY player on the T-Wolves played like Manu.  In fact, put Manu on the Wolves and you'd have one very dangerous team.
themightyrule10::Klove flops way too much...
mn_tanz::I don't think he flops at all.  Especially in the game last night, he was getting hit quite a bit down low.  I don't like ticky-tacky fouls being called all the time, but the refs seemed to let last night's game go too far on both ends of the court.
dante9876::Poor Webster
StPaulPorkProducts::His steal gave us the opportunity though, otherwise the game was probably over.  Got to remember that, but still seemed to forget the clock or something.
luvnbayes::Last Webster comment.  He didn't steal the ball.  It was thrown right to him.  And then the panic started in his mind.  "What do I do?  What's the score?  I'll just go dunk the ball and hope for the best."
luvnbayes::As dumb as it gets.
dante9876::So has Webster taken his drug test yet?
themightyrule10::I'll say it again....Wayne Ellington Beasley and dwill need to start....Klove at the 5 and free Anthony Randolph from Adeleman's dog house
luvnbayes::No way.  There is a rule in basketball that you can have only one non-thinker on the floor at a time.  Beasley and Williams would give you two.  I have coached a lot of years and have found the following to be true.  About 15 percent of your players "get it".  That would be Rickey Rubio.  Then there are about 70 percent who are trainable.  That would be Williams and a host of other T-Wolves.  Then there are the rest, who are hopeless.  That is Beasley.  He will wind up playing for about six teams before his career is over.  Teams will be enticed by his abilities, and think, "Wow, look what he does out there.'"  Then they will see him play for their team, and think disgustedly, "Wow, look what he does out there."
luvnbayes::He can average even more than that, he just as of yet doesn't help you win.  He really only cares when he has the ball.  And he might be the worst defensive player in the league.  Larry Bird talks about the AAU influence, how kids only care about how many points they get and not whether they win or lose.  I think Beaseley is the poster child for that thought.  I hope he does well and that the light goes on.  But he needs to REALLY improve defensively to help.  For instance, if you go to 82games.com, which does statistical analysis of every player. Beasley is in the bottome half of the team.  He has a negative score for the season.  And he had one for last year too.
themightyrule10::he has the talent to average 20 and 8 how, he's 6'10 with handles....he's 23...not being in a place like Miami has setter him down. He showed what he can do last night and tried to involve his teammates but they couldn't hit shots
themightyrule10::The wolves need to put in their young guys and run on teams like they did at the very start of he season
denuggetz3::whats up with this terrible officiating??
Pusherman3::Nuggets are beat up...
jermlk::I do not know what love affair w/Rubio is, after watching him, was not impressed...
SportsFan00101::wolves should have won but noo
Clenbutador::Was rubio shooting under 40%FG when he was playing in europe?
ibnfrey::Someone had bet coach Karl before the game that he couldn't win with a lockdown defender, a scorer and 6 people from the crowd....coach Karl took it personally.
Evil2Hope::"Everyone's fired for everything, DIE!"  Average Timberpups reponse.
minny snowta::huh?
mkarger::Faried is a beast - feed him more minutes.  Kevin Love knows - ask him.
mschmitz9783::Anthony Tolliver played 9 minutes and was -17.  WTF was he doing out there?
ChubbyDubs::hate to see webster take the blame for this one, ridinour should have made that inbound layup, no excuses. The refs didnt help much either in the 4th, love is a warrior tho,tstruckies your a dumass
luvnbayes::Are you kidding?  Webster is in panic mode in every close game he is in.  And he made it worse by what he said after the game.  Thought he would get fouled?  Why would he think Denver would be as dumb as him?   This is the third close game that he has done something in the closing minute that borders on panic, usually turning the ball over under pressure.  He should NEVER be in at the end of games.
tstruckzies6024::Not so sure what the big deal is with Rubio and Love. I saw no offensive skill from love. He is a great rebounder, which is where a lot of his points come from. Aside from a few wide open jumpshots, i didn't see much of a post game. Didn't see much from Rubio either.
luvnbayes::neither Love or Rubio had a very good game last night, but I blame Adelman.  He's killing both players.  They need to find a way to rest both of them.  Love is first in the league in minutes played, and sometimes he just doesn't have his legs.  Last night was a perfect example.  As for Rubio, he is a true warrior.  Missed some shots but he's floor game is as good as anyone in the league.  One of the best defenders in the league.
mkarger::Go back to looking at yourself in the mirror.  Don't forget to repeat the phrase " I'm a dumba$$"  Consider getting the tattoo.  But we all already know.
mschmitz9783::haha get dicked
Finnegan5033::Ya well you don't know much about basketball then do you. Love averages 25 and 14, but thats no big deal. Rubio is averaging 12pts, is top 5 in assists and steals as a rookie, only Steve Nash and Jose Calderon have more total assists this season, and only Nash has more 10+ assist games than him, but thats no big deal either I guess.
DAnnyPrImetIme15::I love basketball. The officials this year are the worst I've ever seen. You see examples of it in every game. There is no accountability and it is destroying the game I love.
pfgenes::that's the problem with basketball in general.  There is absolutely no consensus on fouls throughout the players, officials and management
ibnfrey::The only way to make officiating better in the NBA is to increase penalties. When there is no real incentive to stop grabbing the other guys arm on every play, people are going to keep doing it on every play.
Finnegan5033::Agreed, the officiating in the OT was aweful. Rubio got hacked on 2 drives to the basket with no call, then on the other end Webster gets called for a foul and i'm not sure he even touched the guy. Keven Love is getting absolutley hacked all over the place, he has scratches and gouges all over his neck and is bleeding and gets no calls.
TonyJar0502::I'm a Wolves fan and couldn't agree more.
luckbetterthanskill::Really?  I will completely agree that the officiating was absolutely atrocious in this game but can we use some objective analysis here?  Was Love getting hammered down low? Yes.  Did Rubio get hacked a few times going to the rim? Yes.  By all means however please feel free to omit the countless examples of how the Nuggets were on the short end of the whistle.  How about the 3 different occasions where Beasley was posting up and a phantom foul was called on Brewer (all of which were borderline at best – in my opinion one was blatantly offensive)?  2 of which by the way were called when Minnesota was in the bonus (7 minutes into the 4th with the foul discrepancy 7 to 1 at one juncture).  The tech called on Brewer for clapping too enthusiastically after Beasley’s missed free throw?  How about the heinous offensive foul call on Andre Miller which eventually lead to two techs and an ejection (must have been fairly bad for a 12 year vet given the situation – the only drafted non-rookie point guard available)?  Just a few examples for you.  That being said, was the officiating horrid BOTH ways? Yes.  Did Minnesota lose because of the officiating? Absolutely not.
tstruckzies6024::NBA officials have long been the worst officials of any pro sport, but I can agree. All the flopping, and the touch calls, the inconsistency. When it gets late in a close game guys get hammered and don't get a call. In the first 3 quarters if you look at someone it is a foul. The officials should call the entire game like it is the fourth quarter. It is shameful that the NBA doesn't do a single thing about all the terrible calls game after game after game.
TubbyTime334::At least Webster didn't call a Timeout.
nuggs rockies buffaloes::i knew the t'wolves were bad but they couldn't even beat a team without their two best players in nene and gallo. not to mention rudy and miller and lawson in and out. and chandler. love and company got some work to do.
colintrapp::that's not exactly a fair assessment, though the first 19-20 games, everyone was saying denver is the deepest team in the league. then they dropped, what, 10 of 13 games because "they didn't have gallo/nene". as nugget fans, we can't have it both ways.  denver is a deep team and should have won this game. no offense to the t'wolves.
mn_tanz::That was about as poor of a game as Minnesota has played all season.  Denver deserved to win, but that was at least as much due to the fact that Minnesota was really awful.
NBA_refs_are_weak::I havent had a chance to watch rubio yet, is he just struggling with his shot selection or can he just flat out not shoot? hes really having problems with his effeciency shooting
Mitc17::Lucky win from a garbage team, what a horrible game to watch! Worst officiating i've seen all year for both teams
Marquez3769::boo hoo, you lost cause the t wolves suck, not cause the officiating. The NUGGS without Nene, Gallo, Ty, and Miller hahah
mn_tanz::You apparently missed the part where he said it was bad officiating for both teams...
ibnfrey::I turned the game off for extended periods twice because of the officiating. There was one play where a guy literally took 6 steps before shooting. It really is lame the way guys tuck the ball and run through the lane like a fullback running a fumble gauntlet.
DUIofMiguelCabrera::I'll agree about the officiating.  It made the game almost unwatchable.
jayeteee::Garbage in garbage out. You still watched didn't you, whiner?
milkmanv1::JaVale McGee is laughing at Martell Webster right now. Hoping for a 3-point play at the rim? That would mean he was banking on Nuggets defenders to be as stupid as he was (of course they just let him go in untouched).
makulu53::Agreed.  Webster compounded his mental lapse at the press conference by saying: "If I had to do it over again, yeah, I'd PROBABLY pull up for a jump shot" Which implies that he MIGHT consider going for 2 (and hoping to get fouled) again.   When you make a huge blunder, just own up to it and try to put it behind you.
chiwadog::Or, he could be pulling up for a jump shot behind the line........he screwed up, he knows he did. Next game......
Heavyweight on Bantam::ha
lshocket::Even Michael Beasley was like WTF when Webster went for the dunk.
TubbyTime334::17 Seconds left in the Game and my power went out! How great is that.
jank6708::snow storm took my cable out at halftime.   I just upgraded my cable today to get FSN!!!
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::not sure if it's related.. but my cable (comcast) was going in and out at the end with a poor signal which never happens... I can't figure out if it was the network, the cable connection or broadcast... it was so annoying though!
helmsey::So weird... my internet (i was streaming the game) went out with 43 seconds in regulation too.  I was screaming.
masisk33::I DVR'd the game but didnt set the timer past 2:30 hrs....so it cut out during overtime
MileHighFan9::Ty Lawson will probably be out 3 weeks....just great
JustineS04::Seriously, you need some Prozac.
DenverDiehard..35::hes listed as day to day lol
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Nuggets desperately still need a go-to-guy.. or clutch player that is confident and willing to be aggressive when the time comes... the problem is with no All Stars or big names they won't get the calls like the other clutch players in the league... which is a huge factor and one you can't really change unless ESPN and the bias media decide for some reason that an American born Asian from Harvard (Linsanity) or a gay right wing Christian football player (Tebow) is a good story...   Here is a good story for ESPN: his name is Kenneth Faried -  A devoted Muslim that was raised by his gay mother and partner in the ghetto streets of Newark as she battled for her life with Lupus.... the Manimal is a great story and his play reminds me a lot of a player that went by the name Dennis Rodman..  This kid is for real and has a great story to boot...
mkarger::If you understand sports then you understand the Lin/Tebow coverage.  Granted it gets completely overwrought because of the 24 hour news cycle.  But facts remain.  They both did AMAZING things with their opportunities.  umad bro?
Jacob 014::I agree that the media has caused much annoyance with the coverage of Lin/Tebow... but thats not a reason to hate on the players themselves... if you watch a tebow interview the only time he actually talks about religion is when he gets asked about it, so i disagree with the pushy part but you have some valid points
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::point taken... they are good stories that are fun to read and talk about... and I'm not really trying to promote Faried for national attention as much as it sounded... I was more or less trying to say that there are lots of GREAT stories in sports that don't get talked about at all... when there is that much coverage on ONE person(s) (aka Lin/Tebow) it gets completely obnoxious and excessive and makes me angry... especially when it comes to team sports when there are 5 or 11 players playing at the same time... Personal opinion of course...
masisk33::Hope youre not offending the homosexual community with your reference to Tebow as "gay."  What exactly are you trying to say about Tebow and Lin?
majerle9_93::I didn't realize Tebow was pushing his beliefs on the rest of us.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::you got me there... from my somewhat serious rant on social issues and sports.. throwing in the word "gay" with Tebow probably wasn't the best idea and looked contradicting.. I'm not trying to offend any community... apologies!  I just don't agree with Tebow and how he uses his fame and celebrity as a platform to promote and push his beliefs on everyone else... that's why I used my Faried analogy as an example... No one would no that he is a practicing muslim and has a gay mother.. which is the way it should be
masisk33::Lin and Tebow were/are GREAT stories....I hope youre not dissing those two just to promote Farreid, who is well-deserving of national attention as well.
JustineS04::I want Gallo to be the guy to step up.
masisk33::I think Darko Milicic holds the distinction as the biggest beeotch in the NBA. Dude got hurt during .1 (that's "point one") seconds last night in Philly.
masisk33::thats got to be a record
Open-minded Husker::Good luck to the T-wolves fans.  Way to go Nuggets!  :)
rayfinkle28::alright guys it's been real on here but i gotta pass out after a quick viewing of Fargo. later
DenverDiehard..35::Hamilton is a beast, he will be good in a couple of years
nuggs rockies buffaloes::is there a bigger beeactch in the league than nene. i really hate him.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Me NeNE... Me like to play basketball.. me live my life for god... me don't like to get hit hard... me dont like to play hurt... Nene also like candy!  God I hate Nene too... he sucks!
lickyboobio::kyrie!
masisk33::Nene prob doesnt like you
nuggs rockies buffaloes::good one fa.g
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::true that
Boise State is a joke::San Antonio Spurs roster is full of them
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::GINIBOLI!!! UGH
helmsey::I love how Faried actually goes after OFFENSIVE boards.  I hope the rest of the Nuggies start to go after O-boards.
Kamikazi02::I'll start Faried over Nene...lol
lickyboobio::only reason beasley played well tonight was the colorado weed
masisk33::cha-ching
masisk33::That Stone guy was fouling as an offensive player alot, and not getting policed by the officials
Open-minded Husker::How bad did Lawson's injury look?  Can anyone shed a little light on the severity for me?  Thanks in advance.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::I totally agree with Kamikazi... I like Ty a lot but I think he is a little overrated... he is injury prone and he is not that consistent... I love his speed but he plays a little out of control at times and doesn't seem to make the right decisions at times... his shooting and passing could both be better...   I Like Miller as a backup PG because of his experience and he still has decent skill.
Kamikazi02::I'm not so high on Ty until he proves me consistency... i don't like A. Miller he is a good person but I take we need to sign another PG from the Street of NYC...lol
Open-minded Husker::It seems to me that Ty is consistent.  He doesn't put up huge numbers, but he gives Denver the same solid numbers night in and night out.  No?
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::he got hurt too? $@%!! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%!!!!!!
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::damn that's crazy. I'm sad I missed this game!
kcowling20::2 tech's. Terrible call though. 0-8 shooting, but 12 assists before he got tossed.
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::ahhahah Miller!?!?! how in the hell did HE get ejected?
kcowling20::Miller was ejected too.
Open-minded Husker::It doesn't sound severe at all ...that's awesome.  Thanks again.
JustineS04::It's that same ankle again (the left) that he had hurt before.
JustineS04::He might play Wednesday. Tweaked it and it tightened up. He came back in for a bit.
kcowling20::*Wednesday.
kcowling20::Not too bad.
kcowling20::If he misses any time at all, probably just the last two games before the ASB. He'll be ready to roll after that.
Open-minded Husker::That's really good to hear.  I hope he's not out for long, if at all.  Thanks again.
natskivna::The West is crazy competitive this year.  Just like last year, some good teams in the West will miss the Playoffs while the East is a 2 team race.
JustineS04::Yeah, can we send Memphis and MN over there?
natskivna::Can't wait for the playoffs.  EVERY series is gonna be a war.
Boise State is a joke::true that, the west should send our bottom teams into the east playoff tourny
Boise State is a joke::I love Faried he plays his as.s off every game, kids got heart and talent
lickyboobio::he looked really good tonight,  beat love to a lot of rebs
masisk33::Thats refreshing, I am a twolves fan but I like Farreid!
MNSPORTS93::Dude's a champ. Props to him.
nuggs rockies buffaloes::yeah, outrebounded that fa.g kevin love
masisk33::youre a fool
JustineS04::And a great attitude. I love how in every post-game interview he talks about how he's playing poorly.
JustineS04::I'm glad Al and AAA got out of their slumps.
kcowling20::Love only shoots 45%. For a PF that is pretty bad..
Sota-fan::Wow you are either reaching, trying to find an excuse to hate on Love or you have never seen him play outside of tonight.
MNSPORTS93::still one of the top scorers in the league.
masisk33::he takes a lot of perimeter shots, and a lot of shots period. Not a traditional low post guy
masisk33::It isnt good or bad, just a unique player that is going to play for team USA this summer
kcowling20::Which isn't good.
DenverDiehard..35::Kevin Love is a monster. It seemed like he couldnt miss, looking at the box score i was surprised to see he shot so poorly. If he played in a big market he would be considered top 10 players
