Z-DevWill::The Bulls are just deeper and tougher, even without Rose.  It's a good thing the Suns picked up Scola as he was the only guy with the 'nads to pound with Boozer and Noah.  Once he fouled out the game was over for the Suns.  By they way, for as big as he is, Gortat is not a very physical player.  Yeah... he can block some shots and get some boards but I don't think he is a lunchpail kind of hustler or banger.  If he was, he could be a top 5 center.  If they are healthy, I still think the Bulls are the only competition this year in the east for the Heat.
jabronius43::Labeling Boozer as the force behind this game is despicable. Yeah, he had 28 points, but with a 1 point lead in the final minute, he missed a wide open baseline jump shot. Essentially the only thing he is paid for is to hit jump shots, and he always fails to do it in the middle or end of close games. Its pathetic
TARHEEL064::Kendall Marshall probably should have stayed at Carolina; all of these DNP's will have him in the d-league very soon; well, at least he's a millionaire.
Z-DevWill::From what little I have seen of him on the court he has a LOOOONNNGGG way to go to compete in the NBA... he is a "project" guard... a term usually reserved for big guys.  He needs to get stronger, tougher, and improve his shot some if he is going to stay in the league.  I agree that he should have stayed another year at Carolina.
gmskking::Boozer sighting?
Nacho Johnson::Wolves fan here.  WTF.  Why isnt Wes Johnson playing?  This is an outrage!  Another DNP coach's decision?  This was going to be the year he turns it around.  He said so himself.
xxjhenry1112xx::I miss number 1
ScalabrineSwag::Tht game infuriated me.ik tht the most important thing is tht we won, but there is no way the suns should hav forced overtime after we had a 14 point start of the 4th lead. On another note, suns fans r classy noted it this year durinbaseball with the snacks and still holds true
jdelgado903::Luis Scola is the heart and soul of the Suns. Played extremely well against a defensive minded team in the Bulls. Not only did he dominate the paint, he showed more weapons in his arsenal with his jumpers.
Bulls greater than all teams::The turning point was when Luis Scola fouled out.
JWayMac42::Even after a win Bulls should TRADE DENG and pick or player for RUDY GAY!
Bears3276::Go hang yourself
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL? does the bench score points? And should i rotate everyday depending on who is playing that day? Thankyou, please help
raggy8292::UTIL scores points
Heritage Champion::Like the way that ball moves... Great TEAM basketball being played by the Bulls. Like last season, they're displaying that they are much more than just one person...
azwildcat6867::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching the words Sports Betting System. This system works. Hope this helps a bettor out there not having much luck.
Bumslayer86::u can barely spell go back to work
airmike2334::noah played great, but damn, scola played amazing. good game phoenix. GO BULLS
Illinicub53333::Nice balanced attack from the Bulls with Boozer, Noah, Deng, and Hamilton. Now if only they could do that every game, who would need Rose? :P
InsertNameHere69::Are you high? Yes, great team basketball, but do you really think they have any type of shot against Miami or Boston without Rose... Please!
Bevente::see that little tongue face added at the end? that means he's kidding about not needing rose. get with the program broski lol.
nonaligned::what happened in the 4th?????   collapse?
hawaiianprince12::Just keep playing with an  above .500 record until D-Rose gets back hopefully in February. Da Bulls!!
DatGuy8921::All aboard the Booze Cruise!  -Captain Deng Bang.
stat3250::Which deal should I do or should I just stay pat?   Trade 1: I get: Kyrie Irving and Marcin Gortat. I give up: Lebron James and drop Seraphin  Trade 2: I get: Kyrie Irving, Marcin Gortat and Glen Davis. I give up: Lebron James and Javale Mcgee  (Drop candidates: Jason Thompson, Kevin Seraphin and Andre Drummond)
Igloo1993::Good game bulls and great game by boozer! Now please for the love of god show some consistency! Then maybe bulls fans will get off your back
ron953::Since Hamilton and Deng and Noah are all healthy this year watch out everybody and if Boozer can play at that level more often the Bulls are winning a lot of games and don't forget  Rose should be coming back after the All Star break so looks like a championship on the way to me!!
CBears5::i really wish kyle korver came back to the bulls
ron953::Bulls held their own on 3's tonight they shot 50%...who needs Korver
DatGuy8921::Fantasy owners.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Am I reading it wrong, or did the Bulls have 6 technical fouls in the game? (3 DEF3SEC and 3 personal)
Arun8450::They only had three
CHITOWNBULLS1991::thanks
ilikebigboobies99::Need help Chicago guys: moving my family up there with new job in a couple of months from Florida. Looking for a low-crime, good-schools, mostly-white (sorry if I offend anyone) suburban areas where I can get to downtown Chicago in less than an hour or so during normal rush hour..? Just wondering how far out we need to go to get away from the low-income areas and apartments and such. any specific recommendations (city/neighborhood names appreciated).thanks and cheers
DribbleDrive01::Mt.Prospect, prospect heights, morton grove..
Rob1434::Englewood is nice and its cheap.
dbweiss9::If Northbrook and Highland Park are out of your budget look into Buffalo Grove.  About 40-45 minutes with light traffic, over an hour with heavy traffic.  Regardless of where you llve the traffic will be bad on any of the major highways heading into the city.
Johnny B Goode 2001::Wherever you move, be close to the train and take that into the city.  Do not even consider driving in to downtown everyday from the burbs!  Evanston, Oak Park or anything North or West of there is good.  Don't go South/SouthWest.
HawksCubs10::Northbrook, Glenview, Wilmette, Palatine, Park Ridge, Highland Park
HawksCubs10::No problem, best of luck.   You can find 300K houses though in Northbrook &amp; Highland Park.. But if you are looking for a good amount of space, I'd rather look into the West Suburbs.  The ones I listed are the North Suburbs,  I've lived in Glenview my entire life.
ilikebigboobies99::Thanks I know Northbrook and Highland Park are a bit out of my budget ($300k) for a home is about it
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Oak Park is nice and it literally borders the West Side of Chicago. I love Oak Park.
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Oh but the taxes in Oak Park aren't so nice lol.
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Oak Park kind of has a suburban and city feel to me. It's a mix. There are certainly nice homes in Oak Park and certainly apartments too. But the best part is how close it is to the city. And the trees. It has a really nice feel to it to me.
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Downers Grove, Woodridge, Lombard, Oak Brook, Westmont.
chicago d rose::La Grange and Willow Springs
DatGuy8921::Is Darien still all right?  I moved to Florida six years ago, and hated it ever since.
Johnny B Goode 2001::Yeah, those are nice areas if you have a family too.  I'd add in Wheaton and maybe Naperville.
DerrickXRoseXMVP::Downers Grove is nice. Downers Grove North High School is a very good school too.
ilikebigboobies99::my home budget is about $300k--can I get anything decent with nice yard in any of these cities? thanks again &amp; I've heard of Downer's Grove//sounds nice
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Lived in Downers Grove for most of my childhood, it's a nice town.
arizonasportsman::Move to Wyoming instead.
ilikebigboobies99::too boring, I like the big city but want to live around certain people for safety purposes...is that too much to ask? or do people that don't want to live by rif-raf have to move to Wyoming and Kansas?
arizonasportsman::I thought it would had been an easy win for the Bulls.
HawksCubs10::Good win, Boozer better step up against the Clippers.. I know he won't :(
Agent_Avilaz::Boooooozzzzzzzeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrr
Je5teR777::The suns could use a Demarcus Cousins type player, minus the attitude.
arizonasportsman::Such needs have to wait for the lottery.
rockies62::https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/expand-college-football-playoff-16-teams-every-conference-champion-getting-automatic-bid-6-large/97mHS1Zv
chicago d rose::good night bulls and suns fans
DatGuy8921::I want to make shirts that say "GET READY FOR THE DENG BANG" and sell them.  All proceeds will go to charitable organizations.
ericthegreat40::I make t-shirts. e-mail me  at erictheartist64@gmail.com
ocho-cinco85::more like deng it
DatGuy8921::I c wut u did der.
DatGuy8921::Damn it.
NoahGunsHolsters::Already been done...I'm two seconds away from buying one.
DatGuy8921::Damn it.
chicago d rose::keep on pushin
NoahGunsHolsters::booooooo
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::Hey,Packers,remember when Karlos Dansby returned a fumble for a touchdown so that the Cardinals beat the Packers in the playoffs last time the teams met in postseason?
ocho-cinco85::Didnt  the packers win a ring shortly after?
DeerandBeer91::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5uam1sm4dU
The 1 Percent::Remember when the Brewers won the world series? Yeah me neither
DeerandBeer91::Alright guys im out. i had fun with you guys see ya!
ChiTownSound::Bottom line...The Bulls/Noah hit clutch shots and the Suns faded in OT. I have a feeling we'll be seeing a lot of close games this year
DatGuy8921::Expect that every game.
DatGuy8921::It's Cleveland though.  We own them.
deathscythe829::Except against Cleveland.
chicago d rose::bulls need to close out these games though instead of letting these teams comeback
NoahGunsHolsters::dsghggukjbk that Lebron commercial
kartkid024::Bucks&gt;&gt;Bulls  Brewers&gt;&gt;&gt;CUBS+Whitesox combined  Packers&gt;&gt;Bears  Milwaukee&gt;&gt;&gt;shitcago...more ===================================== I think the first is just a joke The 2nd, cubs this year, Whitesox not so much, but yet both cubs and white sox have WS's, the Brewers have 0. The 3rd, well, the 1st place bears say different to the 2nd place Packers. And really, have been to Milwaukee.  I thought I'd go for fun, they have nothing on Chicago, hell Indianapolis has more than Milwaukee.
DatGuy8921::Milwaukee at least is a city in the middle of a dairy farm.  That has to count for something.
kartkid024::I think they have a zoo, of course you could just drive 5 miles any direction and see cows.
DeerandBeer91::Cant wait till the Brewers come to Wrigly and $@%!$@% sweep the garbage Cubs..
kartkid024::why don't you enjoy the winter first man.
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::I'm really looking forward to enjoying a Packers free Saints free postseason this year. :)
The 1 Percent::Remember when the Brewers won the world series? Yeah me neither
DeerandBeer91::Remember when the brewers knocked you out the playoff
DeerandBeer91::Dont forget about your Cardinals!!
DeerandBeer91::Cant wait until the Packers beat that Bear $@% again in Solider field..
bears3409::U r a loser
The 1 Percent::http://scores.espn.go.com/nfl/recap?gameId=320924026
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::"Waaaasaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah."  -Packers fans all the time.
kartkid024::line never gets old.
DeerandBeer91::Shitcago just dont know. We taking the Central $@%!$@%. When D.rose comeback it wont even matter!!
DatGuy8921::Hey let him have it.
tony spones::I have never seen a fan be more proud of his team because of a 4-2 start
DatGuy8921::"Wow I can't believe Chicago thought about picking me over Rose".  -Beasley.
tony spones::Bucks fans talking trash because for once they are somewhat relevant? Pretty sad considering they will probably end up as a 6 or 7 seed and lose in the first round...and thats a successful season for them
DeerandBeer91::Bucks&gt;&gt;Bulls Brewers&gt;&gt;&gt;CUBS+Whitesox combined Packers&gt;&gt;Bears Milwaukee&gt;&gt;&gt;shitcago
DatGuy8921::I need mathematical proofs to provide evidence for those inequalities.
The 1 Percent::Bucks &gt; Bulls? LOLOLOLOL
chicago d rose::how cute bucks fans think they are contenders
felch8::You can't match the Heat...you'll never win with Boozer and Noah...not championship calibre
chicago d rose::i know im sleeping good tonight
DatGuy8921::Whatever helps you sleep at night bro.  Right now Bulls are doing what they have to do.  Don't worry about our team.
chicago d rose::ok if you say so :)
felch8::And?
DatGuy8921::And what?    There's nothing more to say.  Let them play the games before we talk.
chicago d rose::torch these b.itches
felch8::Chicago is no contender either...good team...win a round in the playoffs, that's it...you're delusional if you think otherwise...
DatGuy8921::Every team is delusional then.  Since they all play to win the big thing genius.
chicago d rose::dont worry rose is coming back :)
arizonasting13::Im out for the night. GG Bulls fans, very classy group. GL the rest of the way.
chicago d rose::hope ur team makes the playoffs for real
BruceLee-roy1::later bro..
Giants10_Twuan89::Suns Fan Here,  Good Game Bulls Fans.   Time To Move On And Get Ready For Our Division Rivals The L.A. Lakers On Friday Night.
crocket1516::I can't believe how much money they gave Taj. What a joke
