joeandthequeers::Top 10 players in the league 1. Lebron James 2. Kevin Durant 3. Dwayne Wade 4. Dwight Howard 5. Derrick Rose 6. Chris Paul 7. Carmelo Anthony 8. Blake Griffin 9. Rajon Rondo 10. Dirk Nowitzki
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Blake Griffin, Rajon Rondo, and Carmelo Anthony absolutely shouldn't be on this list.
-Incubus-::Where is Kobe on this list?
airlogan23::derron williams instead of rajon rondo
killeryams1779::Play Jeremy Evans!
Poop_Deck_Captain::Cavs fans! whats the scoop on Ramon Sessions havent seen him play enough. How is his defense?
kory311::Sessions would be a good fit on a team with other pieces in place. He'd be good on a playoff team. If Cavs can get a 1st rounder for him ,he's gone.
cardinalsballer23::sessions is pretty decent and reliable but kyrie is so much quicker and more versatile when it comes down to the fourth quarter.
Tyirstrait::WHY IS FAVORS ONLY GETTING 14 MINUTES??? The season is over for the jazz, they just need to play the young guys.
PTSup20::As long as this team is playing road games they will never win 5-6 in a row
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I think it was a lot of bad luck, not disciplined,  and not focusing in on finishing games. I believe this team has enough good players to have a better road record
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Because Favors isn't producing like Millsap and Jefferson.  And no the season isn't over. You are dumb. Win 5-6 in a row and play consistent the rest of the way and they are right in it.
xxxhawk::News flash for Cav's owner: To win an NBA title before Lebron..... you must first make the playoffs.
RayKrebbs1978::The Cavaliers have definitely taken a step back recently.  Hopefully they will get the ship righted soon.  check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_34
DickkJohnson::Hayward is the next Bird
HTM_BOYS::He is more athletic than bird but lets not get ahead of ourselves
chefcoolness1::The cavs have a terrible team
jman_5000::Ohio State&gt; Cavs
kobetop5ever::that was the easiest $200 i ever made jazz -2 yippeeee!!
sa330206::Does anyone seriously know why Ryan Hollins played 28 minutes (for that matter why does he EVER play more than 1-2 minutes)?  Are his parents friends with Byron Scott or something?  I really don't get it.
kory311::Also, if Semi isn't playing, someone needs to be in there. It's pretty obvious that Scott is sending a message to Erdin about his hustle. Never understodd why guys who aren't any good don't hustle.
cardinalsballer23::hopefully varejao comes back soon and hollins doesnt have to play as much because he really isnt much more than a D-leauger...
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Anderson Varajao was out
NBA_refs_are_weak::man every night im expecting kyrie to fall off as expected, and it just doesnt happen. its one thing to have the talent to play, hes obviously skilled, but to be this consistent as a rookie is ridiculous, especially a PG. I mean you look at some of the duds a guy like jeremy lin puts up, and its understandable because thats what young players do. and lin isnt even a rookie! kyrie is somethin else man
kory311::I think Thompson has exceeded people's expectations. By no means is he a great player or anything, but he is still pretty raw. I wasn't happy when they drafted him, but he looks better than some of the other guys the Cavaliers were looking at with the 4th pick. He needs a couple of years before he will be consistent. He's young though
jimkamlowsky::Tristan Thompson could learn a few things from him.
rockndoc2::LAKERS NEED TO MAKE THIS TRADE:    Ramon Sessions, Antawn Jamison for:  Steve Blake, Luke Walton, two 2012 1st Round picks.    Lakers get their PG, replace Odom with an expiring 15mill that is balling this year.  Cavs buy out walton, blake backs up Kyrie, and they get more ammo to improve.  WIN/WIN ======================= If the Cavs could pull this off it would be a win/win/win.............Lakers win, Cavs win, and more ping pong balls.  This would give them plenty of ammo to move up.
kory311::I like that trade from the Cavs point of view. I'd do it in a heartbeat
NBA_refs_are_weak::eek idk. 2 first round picks for a guy in jamison you really cant definitely say is going to deliver. but ramon would be a good addition, and that 6th man spot would be ideal for antawn. its definitely a solid trade, lakers arent risking THAT much, and can possibly get not only the needed PG depth, but that extra scoring punch off the bench. its those picks that the lakers might be hesistant about, who knows
CLEVELANDCBI::Grow to 7 feet and then just look useless.  They'll find you. Have a good night man.
rockndoc2::I would love to send this to Grant and Mitch.....wonder how to reach them???
CLEVELANDCBI::I would really truly honestly and sincerely love that trade.  Make it happen doc.
TheTristanShow::I'm very worried about how badly Gee is outplaying Casspi.
kory311::I was expecting Casspi to be a lot better. That said, glad we got rid of Hickson. We could have gotten a rack of basketballs back for him along with that pick and I'd be fine with it.
Mikez022::Casspi has played better than hickson, plus we got a draft pick  http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/pcm_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;sum=0&amp;p1=hicksjj01&amp;y1=2012&amp;p2=casspom01&amp;y2=2012
Austin21690::hickson wanted a boatload of money whenever he was negotiating his extension, so the cavs shipped him.
CavsPatsBucks22::Next good point guard Kendrick Perry Ysu check him out no lie now
Austin21690::are you saying we need a point guard? or that you really love youngstown st basketball?
CavsPatsBucks22::Oh no im just saying in 2 and a half years kendrick perry is a good nba prospect and i like Ysu  GO cavs
TheTristanShow::All I need to know is that Kyrie Irving plays for the Cavs to decide not to do that.
Cleveland_SportsDVR::Byron Scott is the man.
CLEVELANDCBI::My question to fellow Cavs fans (or anyone with a basketball IQ), ASSUMING we trade Sessions for a draft pick, presumably in the 20's.... Should we trade that pick and our own to move up higher or keep it as is and get two picks?  How high of a pick could we get if so, and would anyone take that deal with this draft being as deep as it is? I love Sessions coming off the bench, but some teams NEED a 14 and 8 guy who hits free throws badly...ie Lakers.
Austin21690::keep them. the draft is about to be real deep this year.
Mikez022::I doubt that can trade our pick and the Lakers pick for a top 4 (Depends where we land)  I like sessions &gt; ATL for Williams
TheTristanShow::NOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cland4ever::depends how high if we end up trading twan and sessions we will probably be around 8 or better so we will get one of the top tier guys so i dont think there's much of an option to trade up then
CLEVELANDCBI::I based the 14 and 8 on starters minutes, not the 24 he's getting.  And he's averaged around 10 assists when starting for Kyrie with no one to throw it to that scores reliably.
CLEVELANDCBI::and he shoots over 40% from three, which shocked me honestly.
marktwat::utah is the north korea of america
BarkBarkForPig::what the hell does that even mean?
800lb::And Ohio is where the American dream goes to die.
odogtriever::You are a $@%!!
cland4ever::trade jamison and sessions already
PTSup20::It's a good thing we're playing bell over burks, he really produced tonight
Austin21690::z using only his left hand &gt; hollins. good god. i mean, what does this have to say about erden?
CavsPatsBucks22::Potential draft picks for cavs they might not be heard of and some they are famous                                                   Ashen Ward Youngstown State                                                                                                                                                                                             Tu Holloway   Xaiver                                                                                                                                                                                               William Buford   Ohio State                                                                                                                                                                                                          Perry Jones Baylor                                                                                                                                                                                                             Arnett Moultrie Mississippi State
marktwat::buford is legit sully is trash
Austin21690::i watched ward play in high school. he got outplayed by 5'8" kid named tyler gerber from my garaway high school.
CavsPatsBucks22::well that was high school but in Youngstown state he was a alright player and should be in the nba
yata9arasu::Buford was very clutch...  Hopefully he slips to 2nd round.  Really like Arnett Moultrie......
mikeyp2307::if kyrie is this good now, imagine him in his prime. Good Lord.
Cleveland_SportsDVR::Imagine Jermey Lamb playing next to Kyrie
MagicianJohnson::Cavs should sign Fesenko, he can't be worse than Hollins lol
Mikez022::Byron Scott's post game notes: "Were not tanking the season, were playing Ryan Hollins."
scow79::So was this just another rare high point game for Hayward or do you Jazz fans think it's going to be a regular thing now that he's coming off the bench?
HTM_BOYS::Consistency is hard to find in young players but I think hayward is more than capable....lets just pray hes not a cj miles type who only shows up once every 5 games
adamsbrian88::He's capable but  only decides to show up once in a while
scow79::Amen!   I really think being on the floor without Jefferson is going to really help him and his confidence
MagicianJohnson::Corbin will probably start him in the next game and his job will be to feed Jefferson/Millsap in the post and clear out again
yata9arasu::LET'S LOOK AT RYAN HOLLINS AND HIS HOF CALIBER STATS: 28 MIN, 3 pts, 4 reb, 3 PF.........................................  THANK GOD WE HAVE SUCH A GREAT PLAYER!  HEY LOOK HE EVEN SHOT 50% FROM THE FIELD 1/2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  STUD!!!!!!!!!!  SURELY HE SHOULD BE PLAYING AS MANY MINUTES AS OUR BUST OF A ROOKIE KYRIE IRVING!
navyslson1::Easy on the caps!
goosu123::alright peace fellow Cavs fans, and good game Jazz Fans. Hopefully we'll actually be able to win a game this week.
Cleveland_SportsDVR::Dear Ryan Hollins,  I stand up from the toilet and look in the bowl and see the pile of crap i just created and i know it still has more value then you.
rockndoc2::Left the game early tonight.  Cavs played a very uninspired game tonight.  They made the Jazz look like an upper tier team tonight, which they arent.   That bein g said, the Jazz have some nice pieces to build on.  Kanter, Favors, and Haywood all look like they can play.
TheTristanShow::You're such a dedicated fan. You go to every single game.
MagicianJohnson::Jazz should draft Perry Jones and get him to play the 3
scow79::If he decides to come out this year anyway.   I heard it wasn't a for sure thing
MagicianJohnson::I hope he does, I want either Him, Beal or Marshall. Although it is a bit of a gamble withJones, could be a bust with his laid back attitude
StocktonToMalone 2::I think that's what they are gonna do with GSW pick
mikeyp2307::PING PONG BALLS!!!
mikeyp2307::im blushing
navyslson1::HAHA ....you said balls.
yata9arasu::I had so much hope for Hollins........................................................................
goosu123::I hope your lying........
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::his name isn't lying...it is yata9arasu. I hope YOU'RE lying yata
i liked this comment::why didn't the cavs re-sign Z instead of him retiring?
goosu123::He was old and his knees were degenerating.
yata9arasu::At least we are closer to the draft.......
mikeyp2307::AS MUCH AS I WANT THE CAVS TO GET A GREAT PICK, IT KILLS ME WHEN THEY LOSE. I GUESS THAT MAKES ME A TRUE FAN?
T.O.G.M.S.17::good game jazz. best of luck to u guys rest of the season. cavs, live to fight another day
BarkBarkForPig::Thanks you sir, and nice picture of Macklemore
snarf888::on the bright side I am religiously free to drink some coffee after this game.
BarkBarkForPig::haha this always has to be brought up doesn't it? plenty of mormons drink coffee anyways
odogtriever::Were not all Mormons, Jeez!! But yes they do baptize the dead.
scow79::Someone has to do it.   Might as well be the Mormons
goosu123::Those crazy $@% mormorns. Did you hear they were baptizing dead jews? lol.
i know more than you still::You hear that they're trying to get a guy in the White House? They take it way to far.
navyslson1::But do you really want to be up all night??
navyslson1::Touche.
snarf888::i said FREE to. not that would do it. but tomorrow morning i'm goin to town on that stuff
yata9arasu::I just don't know anymore.....  I can't do this...........  I'm sure I could find people at my recreation center that could play center better.....
dannyaller::Down f-CKING 7 with 5 seconds left and they foul after MISSING A LAYUP! Thanks Cavs u F-CKING morons for ruining my 5-point teaser u damn IDIOTS.
i know more than you still::Lesson from this is: Don't bet on a basketball game between 2 bad teams.
Cleveland_SportsDVR::We need to get Ryan Hollins voted into the All Star game next year he is a stud.
Cleveland_SportsDVR::He didnt mean best Center he meant best C as in best piece of Crap. His value is less then the doodoo i wipe from my butt
i know more than you still::I would shit myself if that happened.
mikeyp2307::BEST C IN THE NBA
scow79::Big Al had 25 points on 16 shots.   If only it was always this way!
scow79::A career high 7 assists.   Now if only he could play defense
StocktonToMalone 2::Can't have it all
StocktonToMalone 2::And  7 assists
JohnsonnnL::Anyone else wish Cavs got Anthony Davis from Kentucky?
goosu123::Just about everyone, but I doubt we get the no.1 two straight seasons. I'll settle for a top 5 draw and the selection of Thomas Robinson.
goosu123::I see him as a C
MagicianJohnson::Wouldn't that make the Thompson pick useless then?
scow79::No, I wish the Jazz would get Anthony Davis from Kentucky
scow79::So what?   Then you trade two of your bigs instead of just one.   If Davis is there, you'd be crazy not to take him
i know more than you still::Then they'd be stocking up big men like Minny was stocking up PGs a few years back. That'd be awful.
CavsPatsBucks22::well i  was seeing some players that can play power foward for cavs and i found Ashen Ward from Youngstown State he's a heck of a player check him out
mikeyp2307::I GO TO YSU
CavsPatsBucks22::GO GUINS
Rengel12::We have the Nuggest, Thunder, and Rockets next... JOY!
snarf888::the mormons win again! yay joseph smith!
BarkBarkForPig::haha snarf is a troll on mormons
StocktonToMalone 2::I'm pretty sure Al Jefferson and Paul Millsap aren't LDS
MagicianJohnson::Isnt ryan hollins a coach or something?
i know more than you still::I think he's one of those towel boys inpersonating a basketball player poorly.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i hope Hollins redeems himself somehow this year. . . . . . . . then we cut him after the season
i know more than you still::I'd just be alright with the cut after the season.
itsclevelandsyear::http://itsclevelandsyear.blogspot.com/
mikeyp2307::THANK GOD THIS IS A SHORTENED SEASON.
