creep::Well, here we are folks. The Heat barely beats the Lakers, who are missing half their team, including Bryant of course.
Cyril::Just to clear up the confusion and get facts straight - the Lakers have one 2014 draft pick, and it's a first-rounder.  They traded away their second round pick and both of their 2015 picks.
creep::The Lakers will be fine folks. When have they not rebounded from hard times. And there have been very few hard times. The franchise is like a shining light in the NBA. Yet, instead of admiring and respecting this storied group, that has worked so damn hard, and brought such life and talent to the NBA; people keep throwing out this hatred that really only makes THEM look bad!  And makes them look actually childish and stupid!
Jeff T::39 more painful games to watch. Kup and buss better figure it out this offseason before Jack and Diane start attending clipper games.  Bryant will literally have to shoot with the lights out because they won't sell enough tickets to keep em on.
Thedood::I don't have a lot of knowledge about basketball.  I just like the sweat.  Can anyone teach me the game of basketball?  I am used to watching the ultimate white man sport NASCAR.  They don't sweat enough.
Geoff::Thedood, please share with all your fans the difficulty of watching a game, typing on the internet, and puffing a peter all at the same time.
Thedood::Geoff, NASCAR drivers usually sweat when i blow them.  Its very dangerous giving them a bj while they are racing.  you can get whiplash when they turn sharply on the tracks.  The drivers give their cars a lube job and in return they give me one too.
bud::Drop the three point shot and drive the lane.  Oh, that's Kareem and half court basketball.  How many rebounds did Kareem average?  at least he saved his fouls for the weed.
Blobby Dooley::I just muted myself and everything is black.
Geoff::Thedood, you commented earlier about NASCAR, personally I don't like it but it may be the sport that is in your wheel house. You could participate by blowing the white driver for hours.  I'm sure that position wouldn't be unfamiliar to you.
