log jamming::foul
Lebron has one ring lol::Kobe is better
beverly.pouget::The lakers are one team I am not watching untill Kobe is no longer on the team.
Lebron has one ring lol::Kobe is better
luvnbayes::My buddy just made me laugh.  He said the Spurs go overseas and find Parker and Ginobili.  The Wolves go overseas and sign the two stupidest Russians they can find.  And that's why SA and Minnesota are where they are.
Lebron has one ring lol::Kobe is better
slong2763::Kobe and Lebron cry too much!
BulldawgSanit::im sorry but 5 rings give you a right to do and say what you want!!!
Mister Mel::Though it does finally close the circle on the irony of the Jones no-call and this crap.
Mister Mel::Aaaand the NBA issues another stupid follow-up acknowledgment that Bryant did foul Rubio, and that the refs didn't bother calling it right. Gotta love this new policy of doing the right thing when the consequences are nonexistent.   http://www.nba.com/2013/news/03/28/wolves-lakers-kobe-foul.ap/index.html?ls=iref:nbahpts
kcf17::I'll never get why the rules suddenly change with under 2 minutes left in a game
Asonte22::Most refs are too scared to make a last second call and most lack the ability to focus under pressure.
Asonte22::LMAO!...  The Lakers go 5-5 in the final 10 and they make the playoffs almost for sure. Lakers own the Utah tiebreaker, so Utah needs to go 7-3 in the final 10 to beat out LA, assuming the Lakers win 5 out of 10. 8-2 for Dallas. These are pretty damned unlikely. 33 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag      taybaby4848      Utah owns the tiebreaker.
mcal24::Why is that funny?
Steve91406::When Kobe got injuried on a non-call, haters think he whines too much, when Kobe didn't get called foul on a clean play that didn't result in anyone getting hurt, haters blast him and say it's a foul.  From what we see in real life, only spoiled dumb $@% fat kids do shiet like that, and that pretty sums up the maturity level of those haters.
ethan 6775::i bet u cant find even 2 superstar shooting guards who shot over 50% for a full season besides reggie
Asonte22::-"Non-call" that was debated and rarely gets called anyway.  -"Clean play" that obviously wasn't a clean play: "They ain't callin that sh*t." - KOBE  Your delusions and grammar pretty much sum up the acid and alcohol level in your system.
ZinBayArea::Amazing so many airheads want to glorify a guy who sexually assaulted a woman and has never even made half his shots in a season over 17 years.   Rooting against Bryant is common sense, he's an awful person, it doesn't make someone a 'hater.'
14scdsv::God damn the refs like to make my wolves the butt of their calls against star teams.  Just like the called that "flagrant 2" on Jose Berea. Jeez just let the players play for christ sake!
wolvesfanman::God, only Kobe can get away with fouls like that. Stern must have a $@%!$@ for the Lakers still
duane_pomaibo::The Rule book clearly says only LeBron is allowed to get away with those calls look it up
VicksBestDawg::The Lakers go 5-5 in the final 10 and they make the playoffs almost for sure. Lakers own the Utah tiebreaker, so Utah needs to go 7-3 in the final 10 to beat out LA, assuming the Lakers win 5 out of 10. 8-2 for Dallas. These are pretty damned unlikely.
Asonte22::You have just justified all the crticism of Laker fans on here.  Lakers making the playoffs will definitely help the economy.  People love watching the Lakers lose as much as they love watching them win.
taybaby4848::Utah owns the tiebreaker.
Asonte22::LMAO jforlorne.  Last time I checked, Lakers were 5th in scoring and 26th in points allowed.  This is why I strongly hope the Kobe-fans get their wish of having Dwight traded.  3 point win: Dwight 5 steals, 5 blocks... Kobe 6 turnovers.
micah1968::If u watch the game, I'd say, at least 2 of Kobe's 2 of Nashs &amp; 1 of Blake's turnovers were balls Dwight didn't handle. It's been like that all year. Yet he comes out with great stats. 1 counted at least 3 maybe 4 times people got offensive rebounds over him cuz hi didn't jump. This guy could be a monster if wants to.   Laker fan, not necessarily a Kobe fan.
gmskking::Wow, what a game by D12.  Keep that up and we will make the playoffs.
luvnbayes::It could be that Ricky Rubio is counting the days until he can get the h out of Minnesota.  And I wouldn't blame him one bit.  He is surrounded by dummies.
RatedR::If Kevin Love is playing the wolves would be fighting for a playoff birth.
Kev_010::how do you know he wants out??
luvnbayes::I didn't say he did and I have no idea at all.  I'm just saying I wouldn't blame him if he did, considering the current Wolve roster.
jforlorne::Just a little bit of hope left? They finally made an effort to play inside out and get Pau and D12 the ball. As a result, Pau 17/9/2, D12 25/16/5, Kobe 31, Nash 16/8, Jamison 18. This is what we had envision most games' stat lines would look like. Let's see if they can keep it up. (Not holding my breath).
VicksBestDawg::Remember, this is against one of the worst teams in the NBA.
Esqibo::Hard to beat a team that has the refs in their payroll...
duane_pomaibo::Yea I know what you mean, I seen the Heats 27 game win streak
wolvesfanman::Yep.
Asonte22::Kobe: "They ain't calling that.. We would've gone to overtime and won the game"  Coming from the guy who tweeted a photo of his ankle and made a huge deal over a lesser foul.  Dahntay Jones should tweet Kobe's quotes.
Get your foot off the boat::Same type of play happened in the CHI-MIA game...Nate Robinson did the same type of shot in the same location of the Kobe shot in ATL...  And got called for an offensive foul - creating contact by kicking out his leg.
Lebron has one ring lol::Kobe is better
espn straight flexin::Do you like Jalapeno's?    Cuz im bout to be Jalapeno yo pu.ssy.....
Get your foot off the boat::Typical Kobe...  Brick the freethrow... Allow the rebounder to beat him up the floor... Foul him from behind... Be smug and arrogant in the interview.
espn straight flexin::WAHHHH KOBE WAHHHH ARROGANT WAHHHHHH.  Your starting to sound like Lebron kid, please shut up
midwestlakeshow::KOBE! KOBE! KOBE!! Bwahahahaha
L.A haters::Rubio should sign an endorsement with kleenex
micah1968::Actually, u should lick it for the nix on the Chris Pul trade!! Try some salad with that!
Get your foot off the boat::Lakers should get down and lick David Stern's butthole for guaranteeing them a spot in this year's playoffs.
The Speed Of Light 2::Lakers should have an endorsment from the "one and done" company
ahod007::L.A haters - Lame  True
L.A haters::Lame
The Speed Of Light 2::This is why nobody takes the NBA seriously, it's setup from the beginning.  Refs don't know how to handle games and coddle the so called stars
TheSpecialOnce::Oh, the refs know how to handle the games. They're the lap dogs and do the fixing for the league...."Your league is rigged!" -Mark Cuban after the Mavericks lost to the Heat in the 2006 Finals.
The Speed Of Light 2::Him saying that was probably the only reason the league gave the mavs a title.  That way cuban would tone it down.
KOBE HGH KNEES::De enbea is de racise dey don like de European player. Y no dey call dey foul. Dey Gardener Snake foul me, an he rape mi wife.
utfanatic2007::Lakers winning with Kobe getting yet another beneficial call. Shocking! ;)
bobafett33606@yahoo.com::None of you even mentioned How good a game Dwight Howard had. Did you see that stat line?
midwestlakeshow::FINALLY! Dude still is a liability near the end of games. WTF didn't he get pulled for 54 seconds in the 4th until it was under 2 minutes? Wanna do everything to help your team win? Learn to hit your FT's or sit your big a s s on the bench until under 2 minutes.
ZinBayArea::Hard to lose when you take 38 FTs.   I haven't seen one game all season where they other team took more FTs than the Lakers. Maybe it hasn't happened?
midwestlakeshow::Do you see how many FT's Howard takes every night? That's how teams defend the Lakers...watch a game and understand. Or...shut it...
ohio herd::Most teams don't have hack Howard going on every night
luvnbayes::The Wolves announcer said about two weeks ago that Rubio deserved to have better players around him.  That is THE COMPLETE TRUTH.  He's surrounded by dummies right now.
jaymay512::Refs made up for the call they gave Ridnour right after they didnt give Kobe that same call. Kobe dont get half the calls he should so stop all the crying!!!
utfanatic2007::Kobe gets more BS calls than anyone in the league save for Durant. It's laughable how many free points Kobe gets from the refs.
ZinBayArea::Kobe takes 4-6 FTs every game on plays where he wasn't even touched.
twinsfan205::disagree. even the commentators knew that was given to the Lakers.
luvnbayes::AK-47 had the worst +/- score for either team last night and I will say it again, he just looks lost out there.  He is a complete mess.
shesilva::Just saw the video and that was a foul on the left hand by Bryant and back of the head by Howard, both while shooting in the air. Oh well. Funny scene on the video was Bryant at the end. He did not even look back after the buzzer and marched straight down to the locker as quickly as he could.
mark35345::so what? Kobe's gets chopped on the forearm for many no calls. Let's not get into the non calls against Howard. Only Kevin Durant gets that game ending call....not Rubio
twinsfan205::Refs were not gonna let the Lakers lose. Terrible non call at the end. Twolves played very hard and proud of them. Hope for an injury free next year.
MinniWolves90::They've shown a lot of fight, but the lack of depth kills us at the end. So many late-game rallies that came up just short this year. If we can turn those into wins next year, then I believe Wolves will be playoff bound.
luvnbayes::I share your optimism but we REALLY need help on the wings.  Only Budinger is a positive right now at the 2-3 positions, and he's not exactly an All-Star either.
theflyeststar::i'm a knick fan but id like to see the lakers make the playoffs, they need to look at free agents like tmac, arenas, etc
mark35345::More guys with bad knees? - No thx Jimmie dolan!
mark35345::If the Lakers make the playoffs - it will be the third year in a row Gasol will have been unproductive. He's just not fast enough to keep up with post season intensity (mentally and physically). Please remember this clown was late for a Mav playoff game 2 yrs ago... it's been all downhill since.
wolvesfanman::AK47 is just fine. I'll stand by that signing.
shesilva::I think they should trade Gasol this summer. Nothing against him because he is super talented, but the Lakers squad should be thinking future at this point (even if they make the playoffs).
mark35345::Agreed. But his poor playoff performance could destroy what little value he has. Most GMs are thinking A-M-N-E-S-T-Y at this point. But if David Kahn can be fooled by Andre Kirilenko...then anything's possible.
theflyeststar::lakers should sign tmac since metta is hurt, he looked great in china and he's healthy
Slow Joe Crow::OK kids, it's been fun.  On to the Bux
GoVikings8787::Bad free throw shooting lost the twolves a lot of games this year
mark35345::20 plus turnovers, too little defense in the fourth; only against the T-wolves. Any other opponent won't roll over so easily...
MinniWolves90::I'd like to see Kobe's post-game interview if Rubio had hacked him instead of the other way around.
TeflonWarrior::Laker fan and I agree
rgcctx::He would have got the call. And yes Kobe fouled Rubio. It was not even close. He hacked him across both arms.
Victorlp13::Lakers should of hired Phil Jackson
Victorlp13::yea i agree
Victorlp13::the team would be organized better
mark35345::The turnovers, no transition defense, Gasol playing God awful, and Artest wouldn't have been hurt? Sorry the Zen master would have made no difference..
Slow Joe Crow::The Lakers already let PJ walk twice...no chance they were going with him a third time.  He was just leverage to low-ball D'Antoni.
TeflonWarrior::Never thought of it that way! That's possible. He and Jim never got along so I thought Jim was going for the last laugh. But guess who's face the egg is on now Jimmy??
Victorlp13::yea but they should of done everything they could to hire him. since he took the Lakers to the finals 7 times
TeflonWarrior::I agree but we don't know the complete back story. Was he really asking for road games off? Part of the team? We don't know. But management should have said 'We need you at all games and no ownership stake. We can only offer you a full time coaching position. The job is yours to turn down but we really want you back.'
TeflonWarrior::Or let Phil turn the job down first before hiring Dumbtoni!!
Victorlp13::Kobe is one of the greatest players of all time
jackman0209::...and one of the worst sportsmen.
MinniWolves90::Top 15 for sure.
Qzhoopin20::I've been patient with D'antoni most of the season, cause I think the players are the bigger problem that the coach most of the time....BUT....last night, D'antoni damn near gave that game away by not subbing Dwight out of the game for just 56 SECONDS, until that hack-a-Howard ploy was over. They lost all momentum and had to barely hang on to win.
mark35345::But Gasol played no defense in the 4th quarter. He can't block out anyone. Cunnigham scored 8 straight points off him. I know he blocked Buddinger's shot but that was it. gasol's crappy defense has been around since the 2011 season.
Mole49ers::just think.. had they played defense they could have held minnesota to just 100.
Slow Joe Crow::so you're saying you haven't seen the Lakers play yet this season?
dunkin57::Why is it that these boys cannot keep a big lead!! That speaks of somthing MENTAL!! it also speaks of horrible coaching!! This season is a WASH!! Nothing good going to come out of it!! I hope Howard stays with us next year, but if D'antoni stays, I fear Dwight will NOT!! D'antoni is the weak link of this team and when the weak link is the coach, the team is doomed!!
Howard3445::they say the big lead got small because of hack a Dwight.....thats a coaching problem.  he should of known what was coming....thats what they get paid for.
Howard3445::you got a starting center and starting point guard in one year.....Kolbe has been the shooter for a decade now you tell Nash to feed Howard.
David722249::These guys are 1) not very bright  or 2) not interested in making an effort to compete. Then you add a horrible coach. Result = Laker basketball.
Slow Joe Crow::Got a bunch of old, banged up legs on the team this year.  Every question mark going into the season (depth, perimeter defense, etc) has been exploited.  It was always a bit of a crap shoot and the Lakers rolled snake eyes; sux but it happens.  As for next year: if Howard leaves, it will be via sign n trade so he can get a max deal. Picks, bodies, and space for him isn't ideal but it's better than nothing.  Not sure about D'Antoni though...it's hard to see LA paying him, Brown, somebody else AND a huge tax bill.
Slow Joe Crow::The only thing I'm confident about is that Howard will want to get a max deal if possible -- whether that's signing and staying in LA or asking for a sign-n-trade is still up in the air at this point.
Howard3445::yeah I hear you but I see Nash having 2 more years left in him...Kolbe not getting any quicker neither is Jamison, Peace or Gasol.  Howard is your link to the future.
Howard3445::yeah it sucks and your probably right on about the coaching but these big name player changes have never worked and it gets worse when you have a running coach on an old team.   I mean it took the Heat two years to gel.  but if thwy move D'antoni after one year and finally grasping what his team is they will be going back to ground zero....again.
DeezBrown::If Dwight gives that ultimatum then Im sure they wouldn't make the same wrong choice two times.
Howard3445::whatever they say about Howard....maybe thier expectations were too high because his numbers are still all-star....the offensive system is confused thats why hes so inconsistent.
Slow Joe Crow::Jeanie knows less about the basketball side than Jimmy Hat.  Leave her in business ops where she's raking in TONS of cash.
TeflonWarrior::Jeanie and Phil in...Jimmy and Dumbtoni out!!! If Jimmy had an ounce of sense, he'd make up with his sister and get her help running the basketball side of things.
8486Chase::Go Talons
FSoccer::Great defense by Kobe and the Lakers only giving up 38 points in the 4th
dunkin57::Hey, thats the type of defense thAT D'antoni teaches...The matador type!! the porous type!! The WAK AS type!!
DeezBrown::Minny showed out too with major stops only allowing 41 pts in the 3rd.
DeezBrown::Kobe was probably thinking, "Hey they didnt call a foul on Dahntey Jones at the last second then they damn sure won't call it on me!"   To be honest overtime would have killed the lakers legs and they'd probably lose since minny would've hacked a howard. Get this win against the bucks.
Get your foot off the boat::Anyway...good game.  Nice to see Minny playing better.  Hopefully, we can get a healthy Love back to get a glimpse of what we might expect next season.  Another tough year, but I really like this Minny team and hope we can re-sign Budinger and Pek and get a reliable shooting guard taller than 6 feet in the draft.
