PurpleDrank6.3.1.::bitch
quietfan_123_14::so...Miami racks up another home win against a joke of the East team... their away record and record against the NBA's playoff teams indicates that they are in trouble.
grettings444::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
kryptonthreads::why do black people always pull the race card? nobody hates you becuase you're black, they hate you for being an idiot.
mintzerkj4eva::idiot
2kobeisgood4::so they are no white idiots around
benrutman::Just to clarify.  Raptors who did not play last night Bargnani (considered their #1) Calderon (starting point Guard) Bayless ( Backup point Guard) Linas Kleiza  Playeres on 10 days contracts Uzoh Anderson  Laughable, yes. Mostly because Lebron and the writer of this articles failed to notice that there were only 6 Contract Raptors playeres in the game last night
spidertical1::Absolutely hilarious.
superbad555::So why didn't these guys Play?
buckeyetjn80::"Thats the ugliest beard we have ever seen!!"  -Amish country
KENNETHPOWERS69::wow....Brian Windhorst looks like such a heat fan boy...i think the heat get him hotter than standing next to Rachel Nichols..
jalford8807::lol at all these haters... you only hate cus hes great
kempstylez40::LeBron is a huge joke.
spidertical1::Cool story bro.
jalford8807::U STILL MAD BRO HAHAHA
jalford8807::what was funny was James Johnson and Amir Johnson attempt to stop a ONE on two fast break
KENNETHPOWERS69::if the Heat get the Knicks in the 1st rd ...it could be uh oh time..
angry b-ball fan::I agree, NY probably can't beat Miami in 7, but it's all good - Miami WILL get bounced in round two.
Thetruth694::The Knicks can't handle the Heat this year. It will be a competitive series but no chance.
jalford8807::guess what... only the knicks are saying uh oh.  lol you do know they sweep the knicks and won by an average of 11ppg. you haters are a joke.
KENNETHPOWERS69::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Xca2vVJT1k
Murphymik::Raptors tanking, Calderon healthy to play but doesn't sniff the floor.
jalford8807::another hater making excuses
kaharevic::Lebron is the mvp this year, and can make a case for DPOY.
Chito1424::what are you smoking Kenneth? Not the best player on the team? Okay, tghats why he leads the team in pts, rbs, assist, stl.  seriously?
KENNETHPOWERS69::u cant be the MVP when you are not even the best player on your team...and you play with 2 other players who are top 10 players in the league
oberyn3::How is Bosh a top-10 player?  The only time this is mentioned is when someone wants to diminish Lebron's accomplishments.  Otherwise, if you ask anyone to give their actual top-10 list, Bosh is nowhere to be found.
Braktooth::So, you're saying that you can't be the MVP if your team is good? Are you making this up as you go along? Man, the LeBron hate is crazy...
Yungdubz27::No he can't
spidertical1::Yes he can. Stop hating the man.
I like to eat eat eat apples and bananas::MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP======LEBRON JAMES!!!!
Ryan-Conville::Skip Bayless IS RACISTS towards Lebron!  Just because he's BLACK AND SUCCESSFUL and he's a HAS BEEN WHITE BOY HE HATES HIM!
oberyn3::Skip's not racist, he's just a professional troll.
kaharevic::skip isnt racist, just an ignorant fool.
jalford8807::kenneth I didn't understand that last one... can you take skips n.u.t.s out of you mouth and restate that one again.   Thanks
KENNETHPOWERS69::guy has more knowledge and knows what hes talkin about when it comes to NBA than any of us do...
jalford8807::lets call a spade a spade... the guy is mentally handicap
Ryan-Conville::I have to listen to most people on ESPN play that damn card all the time and i just type it on here to see what kind of reaction i get out of people.
mintzerkj4eva::Skip isn't racist, just a idiot most of the time
earlealston::"Best career move I've ever made"     -Bosh after watching last night's game
superbad555::As a Heat fan I hope we go for that 1 seed. I would much rather play Philly then New York. Just the intensity of the rivalry alone will make it a tough series and if the Knicks other scoreres get hot could definitely be a 7 game series. Either way I think the Heat advance.
Thetruth694::New York will be a tough series but I'm not scared. If anything I say the Knicks may take one game at MSG. However, Lebron and D-Wade love playing at MSG and really play well there so maybe not. Should be fun to watch.
KENNETHPOWERS69::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsFpUW48Tnc  yungdub...now i will have this stuck in my head all damn day
QCao1::What made the Heat so potent before the All-Star break is their seamless movement from defense to offense. Not the spectaular dunks.  Not the scoring of the Big Two.  Once other teams break the code on their defense, they are no longer the same team.  What is interesting now if the return of Lebron the passer, not the scorer.  This is another side of his game that other teams will have to adjust to.  The more he plays without Wade and Bosh, the more he interacts with the bench, the better leadership and motivation he will provide to other team members.  His is earning those MVP stripes now.  before it was just idle chat and the lack of any real competition to his incredible energy as borne out by his stats.
MichaelToRose::If I was a MIA fan i would rather have Lebron score than pass
Yungdubz27::Whats a King without a Crown?
KENNETHPOWERS69::hes got one track on that Live CD....sick beatboxing
Yungdubz27::Yea it is a cool track. Gotta listen to the lyrics...good message.
KENNETHPOWERS69::song is amazing...had the whole Live @ Stubbs cd somewhere...dude has skills
Yungdubz27::I perfer Big K.R.I.T version but the original is cool too.
KENNETHPOWERS69::Matisyahu...is that you?
KENNETHPOWERS69::to the sweat drip from my balls...
MichaelToRose::skeet skeet skeet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Inbound_the_Ball::Basketball Reference has all the stats that have been mentioned. 4th quarter stats, clutch stats, etc, etc. For every single player in the league today. People like Obamaswhiteside won't take a minute and do the research, because they know it'll prove they are wrong. Instead, they deny the facts and try to perpetuate myths and lies. Oh well.
ballislifeeeeee46::it doesnt matter how much rest Lebron or Wade or Bosh gets, they wont get to the finals.
MikeSwansonEatinGrub::This kid joe is so dumb he thinks that tourettes means you bang your head against the wall. Stereotypical $@%!$@%!$.
mavclo::This is the lebron heat. No L in team.
MichaelToRose::The trolls dont get that lol
MichaelToRose::The five keys to beat the MIA HEAT  1.Make 1 or 2 0f the big three have a bad game 2.Few turnovers 3.dont let them in transtion 4.Out rebound them 5.Your bench has to out score and out play there bench.  Do at least 3 of these 5 things and you are gonna win.
KENNETHPOWERS69::4 and 5 happen almost every night...
obamaswhiteside::With the Booz Cruise, The Deng Bang, The Windy City Flyer, The White Mamba, The Maverick and the bench mob whos gonna beat the Bulls, NO-BODY is!!!
jalford8807::are those the exact same people who were listed as the EASTER CONFERENCE RUNNER UP'S last season.  thanks for clearing that up for me hahahaha
spidertical1::Bulls fans, we've heard this story before. It didn't turn out so well for you last time.
obamaswhiteside::Youre about to find out son
MichaelToRose::Cause yu not a bulls fan
yayarea100::i dont know who any of those players are..
tomBabauts::I am betting $1,000 that the Bulls are praying they will get PHI not the Knicks in the 1st round. LOL
MichaelToRose::better than bush!
obamaswhiteside::The Bulls arent scared of anyone
Reality_And_Truth::Yeah, and Obama is a good president....lol.......
ChiBulls8908::Trust me. It doesn't matter who we get, we aren't scared of our first round opponent. We would obviously rather have Philly right now, but we aren't worried
shortmac2380::lmao nobody is scared of the defence-less knicks
MichaelToRose::The knicks are good ican see the 1s round going to game 7  with bulls or heat but heat and bulls will win
_misterfurious::I think the Heat are praying the same thing to be honest - anybody would rather play Philly who is falling apart, than the Knicks.
MichaelToRose::are rookie jiimy butler can guard melo. Everybody just ride Shumpert jock,on his def it's okay but rose was rusty and still drop 28 points on him,he plays to close to players and thats why he is always in trouble.
tomBabauts::The key to the Knicks game is Melo. Lebron can guard Melo, but Melo can't guard Lebron. Melo needs to rest a little bit on defense. Against the Bulls. Shumpert/Fields might guard Deng and Melo on Brewer.
BeastAwesome15::We swept the Knicks.... not a problem.
BeastAwesome15::Is Deng playing tonight?
Jeremy03331::hopefuklly
brandonlee561heat22::No word til later this afternoon
Ron Jeremy Dawg::we good, we got butler and scals
BeastAwesome15::Not a Bulls fan tho.
333Kenneth333::Had to leave the Lakers' board.... They cry too f*cking much. Lol.
MichaelToRose::lmao
BeastAwesome15::Who's gonna win the finals this year, the Vancouver Grizzlies or the Washington Bullets?
Ron Jeremy Dawg::bullets hands down sweep..
Ron Jeremy Dawg::we need to rest to beat the Roseless Bulls..  - wade and bosh
MichaelToRose::last season is last season we have rip.And if i recall in past years always gave wade problems.
_misterfurious::Last season Chicago fans tried to place huge significance on regular season matchups as well. It's like people don't learn sometimes.
Jeremy03331::well see $@%!$
Ron Jeremy Dawg::^ hi jeremy, we have the same name
MichaelToRose::rose and deng are playing tonight.....soooo
Ron Jeremy Dawg::rose texted us
brandonlee561heat22::Where did you hear that?
Ron Jeremy Dawg::thanks man
brandonlee561heat22::brandonlee561heat22 "Carmelo Anthony's 21 1st quarter point's tonight is 3rd best in the NBA this season, behind Lebron, and Lebron." 16 fans like this.
_misterfurious::Norris Cole should go back to that haircut.
brandonlee561heat22::I agree
U can ban my account but u cant ban my IP address::did you really repost your post in order to brag about your likes? pathetic dude.
mavclo::Furious only because brandon lee would be.
BeastAwesome15::U can get ur account banned, u can't get ur ip banned, u can like your own comments, but I can ignore your comments with author blocker
brandonlee561heat22::Mostly in order to show that stat, once more.   Are you furious?
DL_0521::Im a hater but he's rambling on about Kobe and yet he's wrong smh what a clown
GBM04::Rest Lebron and Wade now,we dont need them til the playoffs.
_misterfurious::I guess theoretically they still have a chance of getting home court throughout the east - but Lebron needs some rest I think before the playoffs.
Dem_Canes_Man::agreed...but they will play tonight.
mrgetmine73::Kobe has to be the most overrated player ever. 5 rings &amp; only 1 MVP of the finals. he wasnt even the best player on his team during the finals. wanna keep comparing him to Jordan who was 6 for 6
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is the most over rated player to ever play n the NBA......
_misterfurious::I wish we could have basketball discussions without bringing up MJ. Not being as good as Jordan is not an insult to anyone. Kobe is still a top 10 all time player. That's some rare company.
DL_0521::I know you can't say anything about a player without people going nuts
_misterfurious::Yeah I mean I can acknowledge greatness from opposing players and respect their game, and still cheer for my own team. I don't know why it's such a problem for people to separate the two.
DL_0521::don't mind him he's really just a hater you don't see me blurting out nonsense about Lebron I recognize his talent this guy is just a hater
DL_0521::2 finals MVPs haha
mrgetmine73::&amp; 1 rape charge
Dem_Canes_Man::the Bigs for LA is the primary reason for his success....but there is nothing wrong with that.
tomBabauts::Rose vs. Lebron is not even close.  Rose got benched with seconds left in a game. Even with Lebron so called choking at crunch time, you won't see him sitting on the bench with that much time left.
MichaelToRose::he's game is not geting better he reach his peak, rose hasnt even to begun to scratch the surface of his wait till he shots improve which every year it does.Wait till he take other pg in the post.He's going to be amazing
MichaelToRose::Rose was really and mean really rusty. Look im not gonna take nothing away from Lebum he is a good player, is rose better? not yet but rose is still young Lebum not gonna get any better but rose is.
MichaelToRose::he reach his peak alll he gotta do is work on his post skills
tomBabauts::Lebron has improved on all facets of the game not just scoring he is a better passer and defender at this stage of his career and he doesn't miss that much games because of injuries.
_misterfurious::Lebron has improved every year he's been in the league, so what's the basis for saying he's not going to get any better?
tomBabauts::I like DRose too, but the way he plays he will not last a long time in the NBA. He sacrifices his body too much when he is driving in the lane. One of this days he will get an injury worse than a groin injury. Rose is still young but his groin and ankle can't handle the beating. Wait til injuries get his knees. That's the difference with Lebron he is getting better and  he is durable.
_misterfurious::I'm a Heat fan but I have a great deal of respect for Rose as a player - is Lebron a better player? Yes - but Lebron should be better - he is blessed with more talent and physical ability. Lebron's goal should be to maximize his own potential - he shouldn't measure himself against other players.
_misterfurious::It's sad how desperate you are for attention. Are you an only child?
mavclo::Just ignore the competition who will destroy him (again).
Dem_Canes_Man::agreed.
mavclo::Lebron: Coach please!  Eric: no lebron, if you feel like choking, just cough on the bench.
mavclo::You are really stupid, i'm serious. (anybody could understand the stat remark) I am not even going there. All the best with with whatever you do because you will need it.
_misterfurious::That doesn't even come close to making sense. Your reading comprehension is atrocious.
mavclo::Stats are all you can come up with, aren't they?
_misterfurious::Your jokes are consistently terrible. Just statistically speaking you should have had at least one funny one by now.
Dem_Canes_Man::Rose has never been close to the player of Lebron's caliber, but the ESPN and the media dictates the narrative and the fans follow suit.
mrgetmine73::now all the haters say the MVP doesnt mean anything but ur right cause it didnt help D-Rose last year against LeBron
MichaelToRose::Dirk all day future hall of famer
jakimeadoodle::exactly. Rose over Lebron was ridiculous. Lebron over Nowitski would have been ridiculous. It's stupid
DL_0521::Hater? I'm a kobe fan and I said the same thing when he won it I just don't think it's that important as you fans make it seem to be
DL_0521::lol what part didn't you understand about me not caring I'm mad cause he has one ha I'd rather have the 5 championships than the 3 MVPs haha
mrgetmine73::u lost me when u said u were a fan of the booty snatcher. i know u hate cause he only has 1
DL_0521::it's sad that you fans are just happy with him getting the MVP who cares about the MVP anymore really?
MiamiSportsFanForLife::The MVP award for some fans is as big as a NBA title because they are just fans of that one player,which by the way has been a normal thing since the Jordan days.
DL_0521::I don't care who gets it
MiamiSportsFanForLife::I am a fan of the Heat team and really I would like to see a Heat player finally win this award which Shaq and Wade were robbed from in the past but really I could careless if Durant or Kobe wins it.
DL_0521::that's all im saying at least someone can talk about it without snapping and calling me a hater because Lebron is going to get his 3rd MVP
_misterfurious::I respect your opinion. I'm sure if you told Lebron he was guaranteed a ring this year by giving up the MVP, then he would do it without a second thought.
_misterfurious::On top of that, if the award is so meaningless and irrelevant, then why are so many people arguing against it going to Lebron? They shouldn't care, but obviously it matters to people both on and off the court.
_misterfurious::You should go and look at the discussion thread for the MVP article - fans have very strong opinions on it as well.
jakimeadoodle::the only people arguing are members of the media
MiamiSportsFanForLife::You could say that about every individual regular season award/
_misterfurious::You don't understand why a fan of a team would feel happy that one of their favorite players won an award? It's not a difficult thing to understand.
jakimeadoodle::exactly. I'd like to see the game 7s in every series and see who rises up. I'm just stunned that people really care or find validation in media opinions. It's just really strange to me that people care. I guess it's just the marketing of it, but it seems really foreign to me.
_misterfurious::You're not totally wrong, but in the end as you said, it's just sports - even the championship in the "grand" scheme of things is not important.
jakimeadoodle::but isn't it really just kind of silly...like Gino Torretta winning a Heisman. Isn't it silly to worry about how many trophies and awards a player has? It's just hoops. No sense in arguing who's better or taking some kind of personal satisfaction that some members of the media think this guy is better than that. It all gets proven on the court
_misterfurious::jakimeadoodle, I understand that you feel that the award is diluted in significance because it frequently does not go to the right person - but you have to take into account that MVP does not equate necessarily to the best player in the league - my understanding of the award is basically the player who's outstanding regular season has had the biggest impact on his team winning a large numer of games.
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Have you been living under a rock ?
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Most people are fans of players and not teams,I know I am a fan of a team when I have been following them through good time and very bad times since 96.
jakimeadoodle::no...I really don't understand it. Why would you care that some members of the media think something and grant an award based on their thoughts. It's subjective and stupid. Robinson over Olajuwon? Barkley over Jordan? Malone over Jordan? Nash over Kobe?
_misterfurious::Sorry - I missed the part that was funny.
mavclo::Lebron has fans, LMFAO
jakimeadoodle::well...it is an individual regular season award voted on by the media that doesn't take the playoff turtle effect into account...I really don't understand why an individual award means anything at all to a teams fans. I suppose it's the ripple effect of marketing players as individual brands rather than teams
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Many great players have won this award so it means something,now a NBA title means more.
DL_0521::It seems pretty over rated to me he should be focused on other things and so should fans but obviously it does hold significance
_misterfurious::Nobody is happy with him only getting MVP, but it's not like the award is meaningless - it has significance.
Jeremy03331::lebrons a beast
Dem_Canes_Man::mrgetmine73 Lebron - leaves cleveland as a FREE AGENT - gets hate  kobe - cheats on wife - fans love  brett favre - text his johnson to a co-worker - fans love   big ben - accused of sexual assult 2X's - fans love  jordan - cheats, gambling - fans love  roger clemens - cheats - fans love    so for all the haters........who values &amp; morals are really messed up......not LeBron's.  ==========================================================================  Mankind is inherently flawed in many respects...including Lebron, but this post does have merit to some degree.
MiamiSportsFanForLife::I hate to say this as a sports fans but their are lots of $@%!$@% and crazy people that don't know right from wrong.
Dem_Canes_Man::agreed!
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Lebron - is a hard working great player with a family and he gets hated
_misterfurious::Sports fans are not rational - that's why they're called "fans". Sports fans only really care about winning. They might pretend otherwise, but as a general rule, you could be an axe murderer - as long as you win championships.
Dem_Canes_Man::@ misterfurous:  100% correct!
MiamiSportsFanForLife::Kobe rapes a under age girl in Denver-He gets love
mavclo::What is your source?
MiamiSportsFanForLife::He paid that girl off
mavclo::Convictions:  Kobe: 0  Lebron:0  The only thing they are equal in.
mavclo::Respect is a funny thing isn't it?
mavclo::Yes, wow Psychic too.
Dem_Canes_Man::Perhaps. Personally, I attribute this abnormal obsession for Lebron (and athletes in general) to the peril of fandom. Irrationality and personal biases plays a huge role in this, and fans are essentially selfish due to the fact that they only care about matters that would propel their team to championships.
mrgetmine73::did u just get released from prison with that stupid statement
mavclo::The people you quote as getting love have respect, the only person who does not is lebron.
Dem_Canes_Man::I don't get what you are saying.
mavclo::Wade: hey, lebron! Why do i only have one ring?  Lebron: ooops, sorry 'my fault'.
tomBabauts::Lebron: I'll get one this year.
mrgetmine73::top 5 position players  PG - Lebron SG - Lebron SF - Lebron PF - Lebron C -  Lebron
MichaelToRose::The true king MJ: ''Hey lebum you get your 3rd mvp at 29 while i had my first ring at 28''
tomBabauts::"Chicago will win multiple championships with Rose."  -MJ The guy who drafted Kwame as the no.1 pick  and the owner of the Bobcats.
MichaelToRose::Miami is sad a team they are one of the worst halfcourt off in game
tomBabauts::and still Chicago can't beat Miami in the playoffs? Wow!
ac24533::This guy makes me laugh. Keeps posting nonsense, while incapable of responding to any factual statements.
Lebrons 3rd MVP Makes The Haters Mad::Things you don't hear anymore......  1. Wade carries Lebron 2. Durant is the MVP
mrgetmine73::dont forget "this is wade's team"
Dem_Canes_Man::Man, I had Sexy Dexy for 15 &amp; 15 last night....I was way off! :)
mavclo::Hey lebron, you want the new quadruple scoop ice-cream cone?   Nah, i can only handle the triple, thanks anyway delonte.
Mutuum::"James scored 28 points before taking the fourth quarter off"  Isn't that pretty much true every night?
Lebrons 3rd MVP Makes The Haters Mad::2011 Headlines:  Lebron to sacrafice MVP's to play with Wade and Bosh.                 Oooopsy!
mrgetmine73::have D-Rose, Westbrook or Durant even been to the finals...lol
MichaelToRose::Still are still young ..
tomBabauts::Lebron is still under 30 and some people is already writing him off that he will never win a championship.
Lebrons 3rd MVP Makes The Haters Mad::Uh.................no
