Prime Jordan would drop 40 a game in the NBA today::<b>Take notes LeBron, this is how you do it in the 4th    - Kobe Bryant</b>
The Original Jay Jay::I think the Warriors, Rockets, and Lakers will finish 6-7-8 and upset the Clippers, Thunder, and Spurs (3-2-1) in the first round.
The Original Jay Jay::The Warriors own the Clips, Houston has shown it can outscore OKC, and San Antonio rules the regular season but folds like a cheap suit in the playoffs.
you are shaped like a stapler from tryin to suck your junk::^
OnlyGaneshCanBanMe::http://www.totalprosports.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/laker_fan_dudes.gif  whoa... we won brah.
oblique15::I say they replace the Golden State Warriors . It`s what I said along time ago and I`m sticking to it!
Unsung511::Bad Calls my $@% The Lakers were balling .I can actually see them run sets now..With steve nash open waiting for open threes along with meeks, Jamison and Blake...they will hard to deal with because when dwight gets healthy with Gasol..watch how many open shots we take
CHEIII::Luck? Buckerstaff absolutely destroyed 2 NBA franchises prior to his Laker tenure and doesn't stand a chance of getting another head coaching job. He's that bad.
Snap7738::i just wanna know why bernie bickerstaff was able to go undefeated but dantoni and brown cant even break .500
Snap7738::they will replace the jazz
highly debatable with extra sauce::which team are the lakers gonna replace the 8th spot with?
Snap7738::the jazz
LEBANESEGUY::warriors.... wait and see......
Sportssmh::And just think the lakers dont even have Gasol back yet!
Snap7738::yes winning with him... but not as smoothly..hes too much of a liability at the line
Snap7738::and torn abdominal muscles...  forgot about blake
Snap7738::its hard to judge them this year.. i would like to see the core 4 play together for more than 2 weeks without someone hurt..  and the jordan hill injury probably hurts more than most realize... back surgery, season ending hip injury, broken leg, knee bruising, hurt foot, torn shoulder.. im surprised theyre not further back than they are
Snap7738::personally i think they are better without howard
oblique15::yet, winning with him
rg3uknowme::Against the top teams in the west right? or was it the suns and the hornets?
Snap7738::actually with gasol off the bench they were rolling
rg3uknowme::I know then they will be as good as they were when him and howard and kobe and nash all played together earlier in the year...................  Wait a second..........let me think about that one
rg3uknowme::or I have an objective opinion
LEBANESEGUY::oh wow..... your basketball IQ is at like -20
rg3uknowme::This Larry79148 is quite the comedian
yalcos4::That was a great game. Lots of bad calls against mavericks(even the announcers kept saying it). Kobe and Dirk were balling. I think the mavericks end up with the better record bc they are deeper. Kobe hit a lot of prayers.. and if 1 of those shots doesnt go in, the mavs win despite the bad calls.
God Has Spoken::I think that'll be the last time Mark Cuban runs his ignorant mouth about Bryant just days before Bryant plays his team. 38 points 12 rebounds 7 assist, Amnesty That!!! What an IDIOT. LOL
LARRY79148::u all better pray that the LAKERS don't  make the playoffs cuz  it looks like they r fixing things  ...!!! watch out might be the first 8th seed to win it all !!!!!!!
rg3uknowme::OHHHH my goodness Larry i am praying.  I am talking to Jesus everyday to make sure the Lakers dont make the playoffs.  I know every team in the NBA is thinking the same thing.  They are just the scariest team to play against right now.  Lord Jesus please dont let this super team make the 8th seed.  Im sure with the help of the mighty one they would just rip through the Western Conference without hesitation and then dismantle the Heat as if they were a college team.  Lord help us all please
LakersAtSonics1995::hahaha w t f
mvp4him3::True man, long time Kobe fan and even longer time Laker fan. Seen the look in his eyes before and it meant doom to any team that stood in his path. I do not know about winning it all unless they play as well as they were built but deff knocking some higher ranked teams out is a possibility.
el_dude00::Their defense and bench still blow. But yeah, this team was built to be an 8th seed.
el_dude00::I hate the Lakers and have been wishing they would fall apart, but they may just make the playoffs. I predict Utah falling out of the mix, and LA getting the 8th seed. But gosh I hope they don't.
LARRY79148::media &amp; heat fans can't  wait for KOBE to retire so that they can start putting  LEBUM JAMES on top
rg3uknowme::I think Lebron is already on top.....unless the last time u watched the NBA was 2011 then yes u r correct sir
vman606::tim duncan has been great, but come on. kobe has more rings, points, playoff points. and kobe's lakers are 3-1 in the playoffs vs. timmy's spurs. game over. thanks for playing.
rg3uknowme::wow Lakers fan says Kobe is higher on the all time greats list.....Spurs fan says Duncan is higher.  This is a new and unique argument.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Most lists I have ever seen put Duncan over Kobe but like I said they are close and I respect Kobe and those that think his career has been better.  http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1198491/index.htm  http://www.basketball-reference.com/awards/slam_500_greatest.html
vman606::you should look again. the general consensus has kobe ahead of duncan. duncan usually rounds out the top 10 and kobe is at about 5 or 6.
LARRY79148::When the LEBUM JAMES  first wins a DUNK contest &amp; can score 81 or more in a game &amp; win 5 rings thats when  i'll start comparing him to KOBE  till then he's just a PAPER CHAMP !!!
Snap7738::haha.. it was there.. i had to take it..  sorry
rg3uknowme::Hahaha im not gunna lie that was a good one about by name...but i do not know nothing.  Unfortunately for people like Larry who try to school youngsters on the importance of certain subjects
Snap7738::i would say they are both legitimate in their own way...  i find it more interesting that RG3Uknownothing.. is lecturing about passing foolish judgement as he passes foolish judgement.. Maybe Larrry is a pro baller from the 80's- early 90s .. ie those things are still important to him haha
rg3uknowme::I also like how at first, Larry79148 is talking about Dunk contests and scoring 81 points in a game.  Then someone completely dismisses that as relevant,  and all of a sudden he changes his argument to Shaq and not winning with other people and Kobe winning without Shaq.  You seem to be confused Larry?  Maybe you should consider watching an NBA game....or 2.....before passing such hypocritical and foolish judgements.  The stats on NBA.com dont explain everything about the game
LARRY79148::dunk contest  had some of the greatest players in the  league participate &amp; this guy so called the greatest  been in the league 10 years &amp; hasn't been in one  why ...?? does he think he'll lose ??  &amp; if he does that will kill him ...!!!! so yea u tell ur self that the dunk contest  don't mean anything or its for 12 year olds ....
rg3uknowme::Why dont u rip Durant for no dunk contests?  What about D-wade and Westbrook?  Maybe Derrick Rose?  Why do u limit ur hatred to one player?  Is it because u realize he is taking over the league and the only thing u can do is go post online a bunch of remarks that REAL and KNOWLEDGEABLE basketball fans laugh at.  It is quite clear that u are bitter and upset at the realization of LeBrons greatness.  Is he in the realm of the top 5 yet....no. not by any stretch of the imagination.  But trust me....he will be
CHEIII::The dunk contest became a joke probably a dozen years ago. Same tired dunks. Contestants are a bunch of no-name hacks.  Two of the several reasons the NBA has debated just getting rid of it altogether.   As for LeBron, like numerous other stars, he has little to gain from it and everything to lose. If the dunk contest meant anything at all, you'd see other superstars participating in it as well. Yet it's meaningless, so they don't.
CHEIII::Winning a dunk contest is absolutely worthless to anyone but 12 year old fanboys. 81 is impressive, but it's one game - slightly more meaningful than David Thompson's 73, which no one thought about after it happened. 5 titles is what's remembered at the end of the day, regardless of what one thinks about how much Kobe helped in each. Also to be remembered will be Kobe's stunning longevity.
CHEIII::Larry -  As has been discussed and explained here ad nauseam, no one benefitted more from his fellow players (ie Shaq &amp; Pau), than Kobe.   The Lakers success (and failures) have been dictated - to the day - by when they have a Top 2 big man.  It's like flipping on a lightswitch.   Without those 2 great big men, Kobe is a .500 player.
LARRY79148::shaq has 3 with kobe shaq has 1 without kobe kobe has 2 without shaq  &amp; shaq played with LEBUM JAMES HARDAWAY, NASH &amp; BOSTON  trying to get one more &amp; he couldn't  find it !!  so if KOBE  wasn't with the lakers when shaq was there he might just be walking around with 1 &amp; not 4 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Leflop6::When Lebron turns 34 and puts up numbers like 38 points, 12 rebounds and 7 assist, then I'll start comparing him to Kobe.
rg3uknowme::Thats the problem tho with ur argument....his body size and strength is the reason he will continue to dominate
Snap7738::highly doubtable... unfortunately for lebron and nba fans.. his body size alone will begin to take its toll before then.. thats a lot of weight bouncing on his joints... kobe weighs about 85 lbs soaking wet.. thus his wear and tear is less and thus his longevity
rg3uknowme::However did u come up with that clever name?  And how did u like ur own post twice? Impressive.    P.S.-LeBron will easily put up those numbers at 34...and might add an assist or 2 to that stat line
jlingk::People who rip Kobe only need to understand 1 thing:  At 34, Bryant leads all shooting guards in points, assists and rebounds.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::And he is also the only SG in the league in the top 10 in turnovers.  Kobe is a good player no doubt but not worth the contract.
rg3uknowme::Ur a Lakers fan, right? STAY.  So we can discuss why all Kobe fans hate LeBron so much.  I am and always have been a die hard LeBron James fan, but I dont HATE Kobe the way alot of Kobe fans HATE LeBron.  I just dont get it.  Why cant u all just appreciate greatness the way it was meant to be appreciated.  Get over the blind hatred and accept the fact that LeBron is taking the torch from Kobe, and that should be an honor to the both of them.
BonafideHustle247::Ur a spurs fan, right? LEAVE. That statement is asininity at its finest. TO's are OVERRATED. TO's that lead to points? Now that's important. Kobe is high in the first category, much lower in the second. Please s.t.fu.
vman606::for the record it was great to see dirk back healthy and playing well. guy is a helluva baller and seems like a class act to boot. much respect from this lakers fan.
LARRY57917::To   all   the   Kobe   haters   Kobe   don't   suck   but   your   mother   has   suck   94   or    more   big ones   in    her   lifetime.
BlackChick1987::Kobe Bryant is underappreciated.
CHEIII::I don't agree with Michael Jordan on forthehaters list. For one, Jordan transcended the hate - plenty of "opposing losers" liked and respected MJ, to the point that an awful lot of people became Bulls fans because of him.  And two, Jordan predated this modern media - where any a-hole can log on to a computer and write anything in anonymity - and get one another wound up ( a la Kobe &amp; LeBron arguments)
forthehaters::More so "hated"... OPPOSING FANS, don't appreciate or like great players, no matter what they do or say. Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Lebron James - 3 of the greatest players ever!!!!!!!...They are all hated by the opposing losers fan base
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Most lists I have ever seen put Duncan over Kobe but like I said they are close and I respect Kobe and those that think his career has been better.  http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1198491/index.htm  http://www.basketball-reference.com/awards/slam_500_greatest.html
vman606::no way are duncan's intangibles better. kobe also has more rings, points, playoff points. more head-to-head wins in the playoffs vs. duncan. kobe has clearly had the better career. duncan has been great, though.
sutherlacd27::kobe was injured that season for about 20 games....  and shaq is not top 5 ever imo.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Kobe also failed to get his team into the playoffs in his prime in 2006.  Tim Duncan has never missed the playoffs and has only won less than 50 games once and that was a shortened season in 1999 and he got finals MVP that year.  Duncan is also the only player in NBA history to be selected to both All-NBA and All-Defensive Teams during each of his first 13 seasons.  The next closest player has 9.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Kobe played with Shaq, a top 5 player of all-time.  Robinson, Parker and Ginobili aren't even top 20 or 30.  If Duncan played with Shaq in the same time frame that Kobe did I think they'd have more than 3 rings together IMO.  If you put Kobe on the Spurs I don't think he'd get 4.  Again just my biased opinion.
sutherlacd27::and more talent?  he won 2 finals and went to three with gasol and odom....talent wise thats not better than parker and ginobli
sutherlacd27::thats your list not most.  most have kobe over duncan from what i have seen.  kobe also has the better postseason record wit the lakers spurs matchup and more finals wins.he will go down with substaintially more career points.  possibly the most ever.  both are tied for most 1st team all-defrensive selections
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Most all-time lists put Kobe around 10th and Duncan around 8th.  Duncan also leads Kobe in league MVPs and Finals MVPs and has never failed to lead his team to the playoffs.  Kobe did it in 2006 and will probably do it again this year.  With that said, they are close and I can respect people who think Kobe has had a better career than Duncan.  Kobe has also played with more talent around him in LA and Duncan's intangibles are better.
sutherlacd27::duncans career has been better than lebrons but not kobe
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I think a lot depends on the personality of the player.  Tim Duncan was better than two out of three of those players and I see very little "hate" for him.
ToledoMan::Stop the Presses.  Howard scored 9 points and shot 50% from the line.
forthehaters::Don't forget 13 rebounds. There is more to the game than how many points you score
forthehaters::Can you imagine everyone's face who hates Kobe as they were watching Kobe OWN the 4th qtr yesterday? Who else in the NBA right now can pull off what Kobe did in the 4th yesterday. He hit every dang shot..but Kobe still sucks!!!
forthehaters::At the end of the day, Kobe closed that game yesterday on a hostile Dallas court on his own, regardless of all the negativity from opposing fans
forthehaters::The worst clutch time stats? Who has better clutch stats? You just don't like Kobe, and you'll say whatever negative comments to try and prove your point. Kobe has closed tons of games throughout his career. This is one of the main reasons people hate him
CHEIII::It depends how you define "clutch". If it's the last 5 minutes of a game, Kobe's near the top. If it's the last 24 seconds of a close game, with one shot needed, Kobe's borderline-terrible, despite the handful of amazing last second shots he's hit.
xo0p::Kobe has the worst clutch time stats.  Look them up before you talk.
forthehaters::But Kobe through his career has done it 10X more vs Lebron. 2 Great Players!!!! Lebron is the better overall player, but Kobe just has that killer, put you away instinct
username20143211::game 6 king james
forthehaters::KoBRICKS stats vs the mavs on sunday - 13-21 61% 38 points
dubcee333::dont forget the 12 Rebs and 7 Assists...kobe sucks!
forthehaters::Yeah, Kobe still sucks
forthehaters::That's what everyone here calls Kobe
RocForceOne::Who's Kobrick?
forthehaters::NOBODY here want's to see the Lakers in the playoffs. They're sick and tired of seeing the greatest franchise in NBA history in the playoffs every dang year. Everyone here says "the Lakers are not going to make the playoffs"..let's just HOPE, that's actually true
forthehaters::First everyone says " the Lakers are not going to make the playoffs". Now those same people see that the Lakers are playing better, now it's "they'll get destroyed in the playoffs by such and such"...what's the next excuse?  "The refs helped them?"  Don't forget...the Lakers have owned the Spurs in the playoffs for the past 14 years
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Except for the four titles that the Spurs won.  And for the record, the Celtics are still the greatest franchise in NBA history.
ToledoMan::I wouldn't mind seeing the Lakers get destroyed by the Spurs or Thunder in the first round.
Carlos-yikes-GB::quick question, why is it that grown men are obsessed with lebron,kobe? there man!! uless you have a sexual attraction to them, why not like your team, an not another grown man who doesnt even know who u are
forthehaters::The thing is everyone here is more concerned with what LJ and Kobe are doing vs what their own teams are doing. When you're a great player on the opposing team, their fans will start lip smacking negative comments
Carlos-yikes-GB::sorry didnt know we where in english class
RocForceOne::Let me help you  *Were
RocForceOne::I would take your post seriously if only you could write in English
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Lin, Harden, Asik &gt; Nash, Kobe, Howard    ?????  8th seed &gt; 9th seed      $50 million team payroll &gt;  $99 million team payroll
LARRY79148::lakers where all hurt &amp; still are  also lakers dont get help from  the refs like some teams do HEAT
Yungdubz27::In 3 years the Rockets will owe Lin, Harden, Asik 45million....while LA will be under the salary cap in 2 years.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Lakers will not be under the salary cap in two years.  They will simply bring in more players and max contracts.  The Lakers (like most large market teams) can afford to operate above the soft cap and they will to stay competitive.
SandyBeachesinla::I dont understand Idiots who talk about Lakers payroll but forget to mention the Injuries.
vman606::give the rockets the injuries the lakers have had and they would be a 12 seed.
RocForceOne::Plus Gasol is out for the remainder of the regular season. Jordan Hill for the entire season.
DaveFamous::so close to .500
Lebroncouldcareless::IT WAS FUN,,,,,,,,,BUBBA I HAVE TO LEAVE NOW!!  BE BACK TO SEE YOU LATER  THEM C'S GOING DOWN!!  AGAIN!  LMAO
C3H6N6O6::I am not bashing NBA but stop calling NBA championships as world championships. UEFA Champions league has the best clubs in it but it is still thought of as European club championship by teams. NBA has the best players just like Champions league has the best players in it but it is still not called world championship.
ruiz_luis::closest thing to baskeball would be the fiba world tournament.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::For basketball, Olympic gold is the only world championship and as we have seen in the past (Argentina), even a mixture of NBA all-stars doesn't always win that.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::If a regular fan was yelling at the refs the way that Cuban did yesterday, they would have been escorted out of the building. That would be funny to see, Mark getting led away by security while giving his version of the death stare to the refs.....
ESPNstatrat::As you saw before the game Cuban is a stair master lol
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The stair master is one way to get in shape.
C3H6N6O6::I would like to see lakers make the playoffs because even though they are not great, they're still better than Jazz when they are playing well. it would make first round series against spurs a little more interesting.
SandyBeachesinla::Lakers vs Spurs in playoffs means an early exit from playoffs for Spurs
Wassupbballplaya::Spurs in 5
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::As a Spurs fan, I don't want to play the Lakers in the first round.  Plus I'd like the Lakers to get a lottery pick just to strengthen the Duncan vs Kobe argument.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I still think the Spurs would beat the Lakers but if the Lakers even make the playoffs that means they finished the season strong and are playing well.  Their size could cause problems and I don't want to watch another Grizzlies/Spurs series.  That was painful.
RocForceOne::It would be a great series though. Better than anything that the Jazz can offer.
C3H6N6O6::I am a spurs fan too and i would like that. I don't like easier series. i want it to be exciting. lakers might take 1 game if they are playing well which jazz will not be able to do.
Lebroncouldcareless::TRUE!
Lebroncouldcareless::HE GETS MAD ABOUT LEBRON,,,,,,,,,,  WHY IS THAT?  MAYBE IT HAS   SOMETHING TO DO  WITH THAT A$$   WHOOPING THAT SENT  THEM C'S PACKING!!  JUST MAYBE!! LOL
ruiz_luis::the c's sent lebrick packing quite a few times.  sent him packing so far that he left cleaveland for miami.  2-2 so far
Lebroncouldcareless::I DONT THINK THE C'S SENT LEBRON ANY WHERE LOL!! (AND HE TALKS ABOUT OTHERS SMOKING CRACK)  17 TITLES COOL BRO,,,,,,,,,,ITS 2013 THOUGH BUBBA!!!  GET YOURSELF TOGETHER MAN.   LEBRON IS THE MAN NOW A DAYS,,,,,,,,,,,  JUST ADMIT THAT BUBBA
ESPNstatrat::How many times has Lebrick sent Boston packing and how many times has Boston sent Lebrick packing? We have 17 world titles and you think we're worried about Lebrick? lmao
MartinJ425::AND 1 OVER THE LAST 20 YEARS.
kevinj1264::go ahead amensty Dirk, we'll be glad to take him  - Lakers!
SandyBeachesinla::Lakers get $200 million per year for their TV deal with Time Warner....
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I don't even think the Lakers could afford him with the hard cap.
desmond240::he might take the vet minimum just to play with kobe
516CHAS::the lakers cant lose with all the help they are getting from the refs, vegas wont be short of any suckers come platyoff time, the league will ensure that.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I guess you missed all the times Kaman set moving screens that were not called, or how VC travels on almost every play.
Lebroncouldcareless::I SAY LEBRON  U SAY JORDAN  WHAT THE HELL??  AND THEN GET MAD AT ME!  LOL
RocForceOne::You must be smoking crack
ESPNstatrat::Did you see his response? The answer to the crack thing is yes
ESPNstatrat::I POST THIS WAY BECAUSE IM USED TO SCREAMING FOR ATTENTION. MOM IS BREAKFAST READY? YOU KNOW I CANT HEAR YOU WHILE IM IN THE BASEMENT!!!
Lebroncouldcareless::I DONT POST THAT WAY   I POST LIKE   THIS BUBBA ^^^^^^^^^^ SEE!! LOL
ESPNstatrat::The crossover from Kobe and the 30 foot 3 pointer were both just nasty. 34 and still killing kids. His 14 points in the 4th quarter yesterday equaled Lebricks output for the season in the 4th lol
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Not only did he cross over, but he went between the legs on the dribble as well. I also liked when he pump faked Carter into the popcorn machine. Vince did a fly-by and came out the other end covered in butter and salt. Looked like Cuban's head was about to explode....
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::True. Carter did have a nasty dunk off the dribble that split like 3 Laker defenders. Nice!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Kobe is obviously still really good but Vince Carter was a terrible defender even in his prime and has only gotten worse with age.
ESPNstatrat::LOL @ butter and salt
C3H6N6O6::Top 5 most exciting finals match-ups i would like to see: 1. Spurs-Heat 2. Spurs-Pacers 3. Pacers-Okc 4. Pacers-Clippers 5. Pacers-Nuggets/memphis
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Heat-Clippers would be a dunk fest and exciting to watch.  Large markets so Stern would love it too.  Stern has nightmares about a potential Spurs-Pacers final.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I agree, I'd much rather watch a game with good ball movement (Spurs) and good defensive rotations (Pacers).  But the casual fan and mass media don't really appreciate that.
C3H6N6O6::i don't like dunks much unless they're from a half-court alley oop with a couple of defenders near the rim.
ESPNstatrat::Pacers Clips would be good. Both battling for they're first ring.
Pawel2424::This is a huge victory and now we have a very game at Nuggets
nba is the worst::A "very loss"?
Lebroncouldcareless::I DON'T THINK HE LIKES LEBRON TO MUCH!
Lebroncouldcareless::I DIDN'T SAY LEBRON WAS BETTER THAN JORDAN LOL!!!!!!!!  WHAT THE HELL,,,,,,,,,,,,,  MAN THESE CATS GET SERIOUS WHEN LBJ IS BROUGHT UP DAMN,,,,,,,,,  MIGHT WANT TO SOME MAXI PADS FOR THAT BLEEDING BUBBA!!   LMAO
ESPNstatrat::Lebrick is a choke artist. Average age of Lebrick fans is 13. They say hes the best. They also like Justin Bieber. 13 is a tough age
ESPNstatrat::True. But if your only 13 you cant remember Jordan so he doesnt count lol
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::LeBron shoots 48% from the field during the regular season and 42% in the playoffs.  It's hard to justify calling him better than MJ with those numbers and a losing record in the Finals.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::What an entertaining game. I almost felt sorry for the Mavs (almost) but someone had to lose and I am glad it was not the Lakers.   Now, does Mark Cuban have the biggest ego on the planet or what? Dude is working out on a stair master, and has 20+ reporters in the gym with him. Who does that? No one except Cuban.
ESPNstatrat::Notice he had the towel over the thing? He tried to make it out like he was working out but it was on Level 1 lol
ESPNstatrat::Your right. That was an ego thing. The reporters were probably like WTF? The interview is in the gym?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Hey, at least he was on the machine! But come on, why have a press conference while you are working out? He probably ruined a couple of reporters $800 suits by dripping sweat on them. Yuck!
Broncos07yeaaa::Kobe plays his best game of the year and the Lakers win by 4, won't be seeing them in the playoffs
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::But you will be seeing John Elways horse teeth. They are visable from space.
desmond240::kobe has played many good games this season, why are you afraid of them when they get there
C3H6N6O6::I hope it is a Spurs-Heat finals, both teams pass the ball so well when playing well that you just can't hate it as a basketball fan.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I would prefer Spurs-Bucks for my own selfish reasons.  But Spurs-Heat would be good too.  The last time LeBron met the Spurs in the finals it didn't go too well for him.
ESPNstatrat::Pacers and the Nuggets will make it tough on both of those teams to make it. Spurs look sharp though. I would vote for Parker for MVP
nba is the worst::Nuggets are terrible on the road, won't make the WCF
KobeBLOCKedLBJhangaBANNER::the lakers schedule all teams 9th seed or lower
ESPNstatrat::12 of the 18 games left are on the road. Not easy regardless of who they play
KobeBLOCKedLBJhangaBANNER::its really sad how the lakers have the easiest schedule in the league an r under .500 still. how easy does the leauge have to make it for them?????????????
vman606::easiest schedule? every team plays every other team, genius. this isn't the NFL.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::No team in the West has the easiest schedule in the league.  If the Lakers were playing in the East they'd be the 8th seed right now.
Lebroncouldcareless::IT'S A CELTIC FAN HERE  CALLING ME A TROLL LOL  WE ARE BOTH HERE ON A   LAKER/MAVERICK BOARD  MAN GET YOURSELF TOGETHER LMAO  WE ARE BOTH TROLLING BUBBA!!!!!!!!!  LMAO!!!!
Lebroncouldcareless::YOUR NO FUN,,,,,,,,,,,,,, BYE BUBBA!
Lebroncouldcareless::WHAT'S A BONG BUBBA?
ESPNstatrat::Your from Arkansas. Your the Bubba. Considering you like an SEC team im sure you know what it is
ESPNstatrat::I actually already congratulated the Laker fans. They looked alot better yesterday then they have all year. I offer positive statements to the conversation. Where you the self admitted troll posts everything derogatory in all caps to get attention. Nice try though. LMAO
ESPNstatrat::Post something without a name? WTF? Lil puppies? Bones? Wow! The bong has been kind this morning huh?
Lebroncouldcareless::IT'S FUNNY HOW YOU CAN POST SOMETHING WITHOUT A NAME!!  AND THE LIL PUPPY WILL ALWAYS   CHASE THE BONE!!  GO LIL DOGGY GO!!  LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Lakers 2012-2013 payroll is $99 million.  The Rockets is $50 million.  You would hope the Lakers could actually make the playoffs with the highest payroll in the league and beat out a team that spends half as much...but it probably won't happen.
Lebroncouldcareless::THIS IS TOOOO FUNNY   ITS A CELTIC FAN HERE   CALLING ME A TROLL LOL!!!  AND HE IS HERE ON THE LAKERS/MAVERICKS BOARD!!!  HEY BUBBA,,,,,,,,,WE BOTH TROLLING!!!!!!!!  DUMB A$$   LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!
kapernick is squidward::NBA finals failures group therapy  Jordan:  I scored less than 30 points in a couple of games Shaq:  I wasn't able to win it all with malone, payton and kobe in 2004 Lebron: I played horrible in the 2011 finals, by my standards. Kobe:  croshere outplayed me in 2000 finals
nba is the worst::So your point is that MJ is the only one of the 4 never to fail?
