Carl D Hill::At over 7 feet, Dirk is a rebounding BEAST, he collects only 3 less per game than Melo....
Randy Dixon::Dallas is a complete joke...Cuban is worse than Jones with this bum team
Ryan Kenneth Leddy::They are hardly a joke, dude. Do they have some holes? Most def, but far from a joke. Cuban did the right and has cleared tons of cap space to land a superstar to play along Dirk...He just hasn't landed that one big fish, which is very hard to do in today's NBA.
Lester Ayers::not a joke just keep vince carter off the court.....realize the pick and roll with dirk and monta is the best offense which allows monta to create for the rest of the team offense will be better......on the defensive end everybody need help
Randy Dixon::You get blown out by Phoenix who was coming off a back 2 back...if you can't even give Phoenix a game in this scenario...gave it your a joke. Dallas has been waiting for someone to play along dirk the last two years but have only came up with Jose & Montana...so that just shows you free agents look at the Mavs as jokes
Calvarius Harper::I'm done with the cowboys and i'm close to being done with the mavs
Randy Dixon::Go head bro...the Mavs are complete garbage
Robert Reno::Calvarius Harper---same thing here,its almost like they are the same team in different sports...cant hold big leads,dumb plays by veterans,and crumble down the stretch....then the Hoyas get blown out too so im desparate for a winner
Calvarius Harper::Robert Reno LOL ive been saying that for the longest they are the nba version of the Cowboys all offense no defense and blow big leads which is part of the reason they lost tonight is because they were tired from blowing a 19 point lead yesterday and it went into OT
Matt Elmore::The more you think about it, the Suns are actually a pretty deep team. Throw in the fact that the Morris twins play much better when they're together on the floor, and the relentless penetration of Bledsoe and Dragic, and you can understand why the Suns are where they are right now. And once Len comes back from his ankle woes (a product of Maryland exploiting him in their postseason run), he can provide extra depth on the front line and a perfect pick and roll partner of Dragic and Bledsoe
Wert Man::nba is a long season dallas could lose 5 straight and it wouldnt matter.  Please it you doubt cuban or carlisle (the coach), please change teams and dont like em' we got true fans in it for the long haul.
Aeron Uchiha::very true! Dallas standing is not really bad. It is a long season.... we'll see.
James Williams::Suns win convincingly tonight and ESPN has to give them some shine on the front page right? I mean at least for an hour? Probably not...Go Suns!!
Barry N McCockiner::Dragic and Bledsoe have looked kinda tired lately. Especially the end of the Spurs game. I think the Suns should with either way.
Ryan Kenneth Leddy::This Suns team is definitely for real. They are much like the Nuggets of last year. Full of depth, athletes, and guys who can really score. The difference is that instead of one awesome point guard in Lawson, we have TWO in Goran and Bledsoe.  Since the Suns aren't going to be in the lottery and land a top pick like Wiggins or Parker, it means they may likely trade away some of their first round picks, which, they have a stockpile of, along with a player or two to land a superstar/near superstar...Which, I understand needs to be done. However, at the same time, I love this group of players and really don't want to break them out. So much chemistry due to this team being full of gracious, down to earth guys.
Brandon Duenas::Check out my recap of this game- http://isportsweb.com/2013/12/22/bledsoe-suns-blow-mavericks/
Brian Hanie::Insane shooting by the Suns exposed Dallas biggest hole, perimeter defense.    Brandon Wright is playing very well coming off injury.
Zach Heaton::Ok, Gerald Green, you're not Reggie Miller.
Josh Jordan::Get it together Mavs
Wild Silverback::It's a 5 point game.. Relax.
Nick Gordon::Relaxing is what the Mavs look like they're doing.
John Jones::First! Suns take it at home.  Dirk is good though.
Anderson Hilario::Fire Carlisleeee
