will-i_am::I hear Rudy Gay is sleeping on Landry Field's couch
Xavery_Alex::People can talk all the smack they want on the Cavs but they are building a really good team. What other team has the draft picks? What other teams have the cap space? I hate all the talk about LJ coming back, but what if he doesn't? Is Kyrie going to go someplace else when he has the chance?
1mproperDancing::If you had to pick the roster of any non-playoff team to be your team for the next ten years, I don't see how you wouldn't pick the Cavs.  The only other potential non-playoff team with a similarly bright future is Houston, and even they don't have the assets that the Cavs have right now since they used them all to get Harden.  The Cavs, on the other hand, have a surefire star in Irving, a potential secondary star in Waiters, a defensive anchor in Thompson, a probable top ten draft pick this year, and tons of future assets to bring in another star.  Plus they'll have max cap space in 2014 when there are a ton of great free agents on the market.
Swade_ND_Shade::If I was Rudy Gay, I would jump ship AS SOON AS THE LAST GAME OF THE SEASON. I WOULD HAVE MY SUITCASE BY THE DOOR.
YogaBeer::If I were you I'd pop a cap in my head ASAP
Swade_ND_Shade::Cav's are going to be in the lottery again next year. Kyrie can't carry a bad team like Lebron. Kyrie is a young Jason Kidd, nothing more.
Indians1028::Member since yesterday, hmmmm. troll alert
YogaBeer::Well bust my bridges and pull my buttons.     I'd take a young Jason Kidd any day of the week.   It's not like it's a bad thing to have a future HOFer.
Banned in C-Town::Jealous much?
Swade_ND_Shade::20-38 huh Cav fans. Looks like you're doing pretty good since Lebron left. Better than I thought you would.
Givingyouknowledge100::If we restarted the season now, Cavs would make the playoffs.   yes it would probably be the 8 seed but still.
Banned in C-Town::Without question
TSlakersmvp::To all the Dion Waiters haters after the draft  IN YOUR FACE
Rickster7218::Waiters is coming into his own now...The guy just needs to know he is the man out on the floor and he will deliver...The guy is at his best when he drives to the rak......
Givingyouknowledge100::And I haven't heard jack about Beal --  the player we missed out on by one pick who was supposed to be way better than Waiters.
1mproperDancing::Beal has been playing well since Wall came back.  However, that's really the issue with Beal.  He can't create his own shot.  Waiters can, which means he can make things happen when Kyrie is hurt or when Kyrie is getting a breather.  That's the reason the Cavs were so enamored with the kid, and it's the reason I think he has a higher potential ceiling than Beal.  Don't get me wrong...I like Beal and think he'll be good, but he's always going to be a guy who relies on his point guard to get him his shots.  Waiters can both spot up and create for himself and others.
YogaBeer::And to think the Cavaliers tried to trade up for him.   YiKeS!
DefMode1966::Let them hate. Waiters is having a good season.
vandeman34::Craps fans remaind me of Bobcats fans after they won couple of games in the beggining of the season with that PO talk and catching Bucks. Omg..
1mproperDancing::Barring any major injuries (aside from Varejao, who at this point I basically pencil in to miss the second half of the season), the Cavs will make the playoffs next year.  Thompson and Waiters both made huge strides over the course of this season, Zeller is finally turning into a legitimate NBA player after some major struggles, and Kyrie is obviously a surefire superstar.  Add to that a top ten pick in this year's draft (I'm hoping for Porter or Bennett, personally) and this team has the potential to be dangerous next year, all while being one of the youngest teams in the league.
Givingyouknowledge100::Let me guess.. rare bitter bobcats fan?
YogaBeer::I bet it's a RarE Heat fan gloating.   ...errrrrrrrr   rather a James fan ticked he left too soon.
NDCHEG2012::Don't care. Winning is nice.
DefMode1966::The Cavs are a few players away from being relevent.
NDCHEG2012::The Cavs are about 8 months away from being relevant. This group as it is right now would make the playoffs next year.
RJBBoston::i suppose the bobcats have a kyrie irving?
040Carter::Playing this bet system called sportsbettingstar the past couple months. Im making around $3000 a month average since I started this systems picks
040Carter::Using this bet system the past few months called sportsbettingstar. I doubled my initial balance within a month and almost made $3000 my 2nd month using this systems picks. You can find out more on how the system works by searching for sports betting systems on Google.
Duke6287::started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
Duke6287::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
drjcr1037::Dr J is still the man he's the reason I'm still a sixer fan his boy is pretty good, but DrJ made the dunk special. LEBRON IS OVERRATED just a nike toy invented  to sell shoes. DIDN'T HE STEAL HIS TALC IN THE AIR THING FROM GARNET
quickbr0wnf0x::What does this discussion have to do with the Cavs - Raptors game?
DefMode1966::Your on a bunch of drugs to think LBJ is overrated. His career stats are awesome.  27.6ppg, 7.2rpg, 6.7apg, 1.7spg. Julius was a fantastic player but LBJ is better! His passing and the power he plays with is hard to deny how good a player he is.
bdsmrk::Lmao, rap fans on Bucks chats bragging about how the Bucks are falling apart and the Raps will take their spot.  Playoffs should be the last thing Rap fans should think about.  At least get up to 5 under .500 before u talk smack.... And beat teams like the weak Cavs.  Better show up Saturday or its lottery....
quickbr0wnf0x::And earlier this week, Wade had to make a fantastic comeback for Miami to overcome the Cavs at the last minute.    And then the Cavs beat the Bulls.  The Cavs aren't weak, just young and inconsistent.   And becoming more consistent.
Indians1028::Weak Cavs? We are 2-2 against you
TecmoTrojan::Take some steroids or something you little wuss.
TecmoTrojan::Damn irving...screwing up my fantasy season you little punk.
YogaBeer::just a gambler ticked b/c he lost his family, his house, his kids, his car, and now b/c Kyrie is taking a blow for a few games, has also lost his dog.
Indians1028::Punk?
cuseorange2828::Waiters serves up another W
Jordanesque110::<b> <p style="font-family: Papyrus;"> Dion Waiters - D-Wade v.2.0 "D-Wait"</p></b>
beebopbaloop::Waitwaitwait.....Raptors fans guaranteed that their team would be in the playoffs. Is that still on?
SRStark20::I was just on a Raptors forum, thought I'd share these posts:  Guaranteed win if Irving sits out   lol at cavs frontcourt   we are better in every position today   JV &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Thompson   I have a feeling we will win todays game ... Cleveland will eventually realize they are a bad team. And Casey will hopefully leave Bargs on the bench so we dont have to play 4 on 6 ball anymore.   JV! Destroy those scrubs!!!!   We cant beat scrub dick teams I'll be shocked if we dont lose by 20   We can't stop Cleveland.. PATHETIC   Dion you got it goin on...not in a gay way just in a hey mate I wanted to say that you're looking okay way.   My prediction is coming true. Bargs will sit. We will win. Cleveland will unravel in the 4th. They are not very good.   lowrys hand is screwed, clearly our ball there but we're in america   triple team luke walton   I'm done. I'm $@%!$@% done with this !$@%.   Losing to Cleveland without Irving is a disgrace. These last 2 games were must-win and now we have to play Indiana, wtf man   What a quiet !$@ arena, its almost like Cleveland is gonna lose thats how quiet it is   Luke Walton was playing for Cleveland in crunch time.  That basically sums up the game.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::No, this was a very winnable game.  But when a team that relies on 3-pointers can't hit a 3  and when your second unit can't make stops you lose games.    I'd take Raptors over the Cavs in a best of 7 with Irving.
quickbr0wnf0x::See?  They SHOULD have triple-teamed Luke Walton.  They didn't, and they lost.
gri400::just wondering... what forum is this?
SRStark20::I read around a bit more. What a depressing forum.
HunterF4444::We gave up on Hickson too soon. Yeah, I know Byron hated him.
YogaBeer::He is having a nice little run.
quickbr0wnf0x::Sometimes a player like Hickson needs (1) a change of scenery, and (2) a wake-up call.
RJBBoston::(3) push comes to shove he will return to his mean - an unmotivated talent with limited imagination
CLEVELANDCBI::Cavs are quickly improving. Tribe's spending money. Browns looking better. Going to bed before one of their busses crash.  Good night all and great job CAVS again!!!!
YogaBeer::yes on the first two, but idk about the third.
Uncle_Gct2::How is waiters a chucker?
SRStark20::Eh, towards the beginning of the year, I'd be more inclined to agree. He's been playing great the last month or so though.
Jumeax::Yeah but Is it that bad to say that after first few months in the Leauge  you are shooting the same lousy percentages as Rudy Gay (40%FG 30%3P), He will improve Its not like he has been in the league 6 Years With no futher improvement to come  And is getting Payed $18 million a year Now That... Would SUCK
CLEVELANDCBI::That guy didn't know how to say "good player" in English I think.
Yata-garasu::Great win Cavs!  Goodnight to my fellow Cavs fans!  And good luck Raptors!  GO CAVS!!!
CLEVELANDCBI::have a good one
dcenate05050::waiters sucks . just a chucker
quickbr0wnf0x::How many chucks could a Dion chucker chuck if a Dion chucker could chuck chucks?
1mproperDancing::If this month is any indication, a little over 12 per game, and he'd make half of them.
YogaBeer::It's a good thing chucker Irving wasn't playing then the Cavs would've had two chuckers chucking the heck out of the Raps tonight.
SRStark20::So a chucker beat your club tonight? That makes it even worse.
YogaBeer::If Waiters is a chucker then chucker is now listed in the dictionary as ROY and Future starting All STar at the 2 guard position.
CLEVELANDCBI::Whipping "can't miss centerpiece" One-brow's @#$.  Yeah he sucks!!!!
Yata-garasu::Not really.
dcenate05050::embarrassing ... raptors.
navyctr312::Yeah the Cavs have a poopy record but many of the L's were close hard fought games that came down to the wire and the ball didn't bounce our way that night...Here's to a few good years in Cleveland Sports!
Brandon Buckets::I can't believe Anthony Davis is ranked above Bradley Beal and Dion Waiters at #2. AD: 11.9ppg 6.8rpg 2.1apg 49% and hes a bigman they're suppose to shoot like 52 and up. BR:16.1PPG DW:12.7PPG Nuff said $@%! davis.
atmapes1::eh to be fair he didn't have the hot start or consistency that Lillard had and has. He's really impressed the last month. If Dion puts up these numbers throughout the end of the season then I'd say it's close but for now Lillard has it on lock
1mproperDancing::Lillard is shooting 41.9% on the season.  Waiters is shooting 41% on the season.  The difference between the two is that Waiters is getting better while Lillard is not, and also that Lillard's stats are inflated because he plays almost 40 minutes a night, whereas Dion plays about 29 on average.    In February, Waiters shot 51.4% from the field.  Lillard shot 41.5%.
YogaBeer::IF Waiters had Lillard minutes, he'd be FAR and ABOVE this rookie class it'd be stupid not to just hand him the ROY now.   PER 48 he's at the top of his class.
YogaBeer::Stats.     Looking at the rookie stat sheet, there are very few numbers Davis is better than either Beal or Waiters.     Maybe A DAvis goes on to have the better career of the three, but so far this season, Dion Waiters has been money.
HunterF4444::plus AD has missed a ton of games
YogaBeer::one reason is b/c ESPN didn't think Waiters was worthy enough a pick at #4.   To save face, they just don't talk about him.
Brandon Buckets::I Know right Dion Waiters extremely underated doesen't get enough respect from ESPN/NBATV analyzers.
YogaBeer::now that we've seen a few weeks of Speights, I'm not so enamored with him as I was before.   YES, he has solidified the second unit and YES he's one of the reasons the Cavs have been winning.   HOwever, he is NOT worth 8 million IMHO.   It's just that he's way better than Jon Luaer (sp).  He's been good off the bench in clearing space underneath with that wide, strong body, but his O has been very inefficient.  I'd rather go for a big in the draft/FA or even stay with Andy over keeping Speights for that amount.   Now if Speights were willing to remain on board for 4 or 5 mill, I'd say he's a keeper.
Yata-garasu::For 4-5 million he would be okay.  Too inefficient for that 7+ million contract...
YogaBeer::Zeller will be better and he'll get some muscle on that frame.   Big Z will see to that.  However, I'd like to come out of the draft or FA with a wide body enforcer type PF like Speights is.    Those guys are good to have and annoy the hell out of all those "stretch" 4s that can't rebound to save their lives.
neonyte::He's good, but I'd agree.  With Andy coming back Zeller will likely take his roll on the bench and I can see him(hopefully) filling in just as well.
YoungGunna978::Maybe we should have traded Kyrie at the deadline.
YogaBeer::You could get the next 10 #1 overall picks in  the NBA draft and never come up with a player as good as Kyrie again.
RJBBoston::true that
Yata-garasu::Nice unselfish play by Hickson...  Really developed in Portland...
YogaBeer::Unlike Casspi, he realize he'd better get his stuff together or he'll be looking for a ride to go to the dance.
Yata-garasu::Yep.  I wish more players would realize that....
Rcrown10::but in other things. i didnt watch the game tnight. but heard Luke Walton is balling like Luke Skywalker out there. 7rbs tnight and 7assists. dammn
YogaBeer::That pass between the legs... backwards no less, to Ellington for the assist was just awe inspiring.
Yata-garasu::Brought a tear to my eye.....  Beautiful....
Yata-garasu::He is basically a more skilled LeBron James.... Pretty much.
Nargash35::Well, great W Cavs nation. Hopefully Kyrie is fine and he is just resting. See yall next game..!!
Yata-garasu::He is.  Another great win!  Goodnight and see you next game!  GO CAVS!!!
Rcrown10::WOOOOOOOW! GS played like a high school team in the last minute of the game. fricking awful!!!
Yata-garasu::Carmelo???  CHANDLER HAD 28 REBOUNDS ESPN!!!
Nargash35::LOOL Melo 26 shots 35. Curry 28 shot FREAKING 54
Yata-garasu::I KNOW!  LOL!
Yata-garasu::LOL!  HAS 11 3'S AND DOESN'T EVEN GET A SHOT IN THE FINAL SECONDS DOWN 4!  LOL!
YogaBeer::That was brutal.     someone is going to hate themselves in the morning.
JBtheBUS36Rolling::So yeah, the Cavs will be a playoff team next year. Book it. The year after that? Top 3 seed.
momoni90::Don't worry they won't make the playoffs this year and they still have 2 number 1 picks in this year draft so that should help.
Justin From Bannedland::Cavs have won 10/16 games (62.5%). They're playing MUCH better. If they win win at that rate next season they'll win 51 games and probably get the 3 seed.
quickbr0wnf0x::On the bright side, Yoga, is that there are no can't-miss players in the draft.   Many exports say that players drafted 3-6 won't be that much better than those drafted 7-12, so the Cavs can get a comparable player while still developing an atmosphere of winning.
YogaBeer::yuck  We are teetering on the brink of disaster here.    We NEED that lotto pick.
Justin From Bannedland::28 rebounds &gt; 54 points
YogaBeer::It's about the buckets.   Always has been and always will be about the buckets.  Bill Russell,  eleven time NBA Champ
quickbr0wnf0x::The team that scores the most points nearly always wins, that is true.
Nargash35::Only Justin Bieber fan would think that..!!
JBtheBUS36Rolling::Nargash35 - Only Justin Bieber fan would think that..!!  Every party has a pooper, and that's why we invited you :-) BOOK it.
Nargash35::Game over. Curry 54 points wasted
Its_All_About_Sports::http://videobam.com/kNVDZ please check this out!! SC TOP 10 maybe
Uncle_Gct2::Steph Curry has not sat down all game
Nargash35::That sounds hard ---Wilt
Nargash35::CURRY SMART HAHA
Uncle_Gct2::HOW FUNNY would it be if they started fouling Steph Curry on purpose so he couldnt break the record?
Nargash35::LOL maybe if Knicks were up or down by 20..!!
Rcrown10::is this the cavs and toronto thread of just the up to the minute update thread??? all i see is people talking bout curry and ellis and kobe??? Wheres the Cavs fans at???
quickbr0wnf0x::Don't know why people are posting about other teams here...
YogaBeer::Just makes me more polite to those people I'm around in Real Life.
YogaBeer::Doesn't make me less of a fan.
YogaBeer::I'm hardly ever here during games unless the wife is shopping or humping the neighborhood poodle.   IN our house, it's rude to watch a game with the family/friends while your nose is stuck on a computer screen, iPad or smart phone.
RJBBoston::your wife humps the neighborhood poodle????  good luck with that, man!
Nargash35::Get outta here. You weren't here when the game was played..!!
Yata-garasu::We are here....  We are just watching history if Curry can do this...
YogaBeer::Who do you think is talking about Curry?
Yata-garasu::Really....  Curry is just....
Nargash35::CURRY 11 3'S. 2 MORE TO GO. MAKE KOBE FANS CRY PLEASE
Justin From Bannedland::o m g... Steph Curry
sugarglyder::What if Tristan Thompson started making 3's with regularity?  They'd all be line drives with no arc.
YogaBeer::I see no problem as long as they go down.  Reminds me of a certain cousin I had that hated Thunder Thornton's homeruns b/c they were so high in the air.
sugarglyder::Maybe he could shoot those line drive tear drops from out deep.
Nargash35::Curry in 2k default sliders cheese..!!
