I Will Be Victorious::Last
Beanslams46::Lakers will soon play like this every game because they are the MOST talented team in the NBA.
asandersuw::"he shoots as many threes after practice as a lot of us" in reference to Dwight.  He needs to shoot free throws after practice not threes!  No wonder hes terrible at them...
JKRIII::By far the funnest NBA game I have watched this year!
Beanslams46::not funny if you're a nugget
Tulowitzki4Prezident2::Lakers fans are unbelievable everytime a fan of another team says something like "the bench in no way will keep this up." All the lakers fans say is you scared? Haha god damned idiots.
Mesmartoday::I not scared,,,safe at home behind computer!
Mesmartoday::please use spell check ...I not see last word
Guiness1970::Is you scared?  Go back to school you deu^%chb%$ag.
Mesmartoday::Why are not fans of other teams cheering them on their page? I not see idiots on here but you!
zZSmOkIn.KuSh24Zz::Man if the bench just played like this every game
GetoverIt1271::Everybody knows what's going on here:    Lakers Victories: Kobe Bryant: 59 for 126  Lakers Defeats: Kobe Bryant: 84 for 164    As long as the Lakers continue to be "Kobe's team" (and not Dwight's team), opponents can rest easy.    Nov 30 DEN W 122-103  1 37:10 5 15 33.3   Nov 24 @ DAL W 115-89  1 33:16 6 11 54.5    Nov 20 BRO W 95-90  1 38:36 8 15 53.3  Nov 18 HOU W 119-108  1 35:12 9 18 50.0   Nov 16 PHO W 114-102  1 38:26 10 24 41.7   Nov 11 SAC W 103-90  1 33:30 6 15 40.0   Nov 9 GSW W 101-77  1 32:43 10 18 55.6   Nov 4 DET W 108-79  1 31:43 5 10 50.0  59 126    Nov 27 IND L 77-79  1 43:44 12 28 42.9   Nov 23 @ MEM L 98-106  1 37:29 7 23 30.4   Nov 21 @ SAC L 97-113  1 38:46 11 20 55.0  Nov 13 SAS L 82-84  1 38:05 12 19 63.2   Nov 7 @ UTH L 86-95  1 37:17 7 17 41.2  Nov 2 LAC L 95-105  1 42:55 14 23 60.9   Oct 31 @ POR L 106-116  1 38:29 10 20 50.0  Oct 30 DAL L 91-99  1 34:52 11 14 78.6   84 164
Mesmartoday::I am dizzy from seeing this, I watch the star Kobe and see he is great not numbers!
brules88::you need to get a life...
JKRIII::Can you post some more numbers?
Beanslams46::Imagine how good the Lakers will be when they begin to peak. Jamison's 33 is why he was in the top 10 in scoring the past decade.
Inbound_the_Ball::Lakers lose a game at home to the Pacers and it vanishes from the ESPN headlines as soon as possible. Lakers win a game at home vs the Nuggets, and its still in the headlines. Much different tactic than the one used by ESPN when the Heat started off poorly in 2010. Funny how that works.
TOTALBULL..::I remember the Heat Index before they even won a title. dont tell me ESPN aren't on their nuts
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::And LeBron's!
TOTALBULL..::where's the Laker's index?
Beanslams46::Implying the media caters to the Lakers more than the heat is ridiculous. You want "pandering", go to the heat index, espn's poster boy for coddling.
Inbound_the_Ball::The media caters to the Lakers (and Celtics) in many ways. The very fact is, the ESPN centers in LA and Boston spend countless hours spinning the facts and twisting them to fit their narrative. Lakers acquire star after star after star... no biggie. Miami acquires a star, and the whole world is ending!!  Boston does the same, no biggie. This is what Boston and LA have been doing for decades. Building superteams anyway they can. Miami does it, and its like the first time this has ever happened in the history of the NBA and it is awful!!!!  That's media bias and distorting reality. Plain and simple.
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::That's what i call Reality ! .....Thank You
Inbound_the_Ball::Actually, that's called distorting reality via the media. Media is a pro at it.
TOTALBULL..::"If you're a ballplayer, you have to rely on other people to, you know, get your shots.. but He doesn't needs that, he can work hard and get his own thing because he can handle the ball so well and I think that is probably his strongest points beside jumping ability"  Quote on Kobe before entering the NBA draft
TheMahyn::kobe's a straight up baller.
Syrindge::Fools gold for the Lakers and thier fans.
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::You scared?
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::Don't call me stupid! Your stupid! LMAO!
Tulowitzki4Prezident2::You stupid?
lakers2013champsssz::Meek millz
kobepac24::.
kobepac24::I hope the lakers can get to a point where they create offense off their defense. Dan's offense can get you plenty of looks at the bucket but it will give the opposition plenty too. That why the Lakers give up big qtr while having one themselves.
x_chip_douglas_x::jamison for mvp!
KevinDurantFan.35::After this D'antoni Needs to give Meeks more minutes Kobe had 37 (No shocker) but the Mamba needs as much rest as he can get for the playoffs and Meeks also get's more time to get into rtyhm.
bballfballfan::if they were up to 71 oints at the halkf the bench should have started the second half for at leats 6 minutes
kirby_314::hit the like button if you were a laker fan before kobe
antgant::since kareem moved from milwaukee
TheMahyn::big game james worthy.
kirby_314::i'm only 20 years old but  I lived on the west coast for 6 years on fs west they showed every laker game and a documentary called purple knights it taught me a lot about the lakers. plus my whole fam is lakers fan so it helped.
lakers2013champsssz::Nick the quick was my favorite player untill he got traded to the warriors, kobe has been my favorite since, that was in elementary
kobepac24::Lol Nick the quick! Eddie Jones Cedric. Campbell.
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::I met Cedric once, I was his chauffer on a trip to Palm Springs for a pre-season game with the Suns versus the Nuggets. Also met the Phoenix Suns Mascot in person at the same time. Cool experience.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::anyone who doesnt know who nick van exel and elden campbell are.. they're not real laker fans!
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::I liked Nick. Elden Campbell was one of my favorites back in the 90's as well. Been a fan since the mid 80's.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::thats for the youngsters
kobepac24::Been a fan since 79 and Magic. Lifelong Laker
kobepac24::DH3
mikeawesome09::lol howard 3 pt shot
bballfballfan::best i ever seen
mikeawesome09::how many of you saw dwight howards 3 pt shot  lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DF-EjT-1F4
mike etheridge::dont know why Mavs got fish Collison much better PG at this time
kobepac24::Good thing no one is running away with the division. Clippers should be up 5 games.
kobepac24::If I were a Clipper fan I would be proud of the team they have. My only beef is that they have a bunch of guys with shaky health history. But they have a great bench.
mike etheridge::clips are losing to teams they should beat &amp; beating teams they should possibly lose to seems like they get UP for big games &amp; think they are BETTER than they actually are
Basquiat::@ Epitome:  The Lakers lost on a gw shot from danny green against the ACTUAL SPURS teams not the bench when MIAMI could only beat them by TWO POINTS
epitome1986::difference between the 9-8 start for the heat and the 8-8 start for the lakers is the heat were losing close games to competing teams, lakers are struggling to beat sub .500 teams.
epitome1986::then comparing the heats 9-8 start and the lakers 8-8 start and concluding they will end up in the finals is negated, because different starts will create different outcomes like you said.
bballfballfan::lakers&gt;heat
bballfballfan::good pick up on fisher i hope he helps the team....but lakers will get it together but i know they wont be a 1 seed
epitome1986::standings say otherwise, but i could care less about the heat as well. mavericks fan.
bballfballfan::also the main difference between them are the heat or the ehat and the lakers are the lakers....the lakers arent trying to be like the heat and the ehat arent trying to be like the lakers...differents starts different outcomes
bballfballfan::im glad the lakers didnt pick up fisher...we dont need another slow, low production pg on our roster. i mean everyone says for leadership but the whole team already has leadership...not like there rookies or something....but i say trade steve blake for someone better and have duhon as the back up....and if possible trade gasol for more bench players and a decent pf
kobepac24::I like fisher as a coach if he wad looking to be one. Bench coach that is.
bballfballfan::yea fisher would be ideal for a coaching position...not head coach but like assistant
kobepac24::@Klein I see your point however give this team another month or so. With a healthy Nash.
kobepac24::The lakers have only had their core for a total of one game. Not to mention a coaching and offense change. They have shown flashes of great offense and defense. Just not in the same game. One month in at 8-8 is not the end of the world given what they have been through.
goodrich91709::Nash Nash Nash..love Nash but to hear D'Antoni put all his eggs in Nash's basket is ridiculous when we have Howard, Pau, Kobe, and all the other talent. Bottom line is bad coaching leadership..first Brown and now D'Antoni.
Keen7135::They need to learn to play good basketball. Period. Ball hogging is not good basketball. This system won't work if a player keeps hogging the ball. The system is based on ball movement. Not pounding teh ball 20 times and then making a decision at the end of the shot clock.
Blake Griffin bricks again lmao::Exactly. And also, when Nash come back it's gonna open things up for Kobe Dwight and Pau because he's another threat out there
Keen7135::So waht if nash cannot come back? Should they give up the season? This is a team with 3 all stars (without Nash). They ought to do better
Milk6464::The guy above me probably has never played organized ball before in his life. picking up new plays is difficult
epitome1986::dantoni's system is to shoot as quickly as possible, its not a tough system to pick up.
Blake Griffin bricks again lmao::It's not that easy to switch coaches/systems in the same season and dominate out the gate. This is not a video game
Blake Griffin bricks again lmao::Dwight Howard the 3 point specialist :)
David J. Stern::If I had the money, I'd take my helo to the bathroom if possible
Lakerboy133::Laker Fan here  The problem is Pau. Kobe is Kobe he is the reason L.A. has won five rings. Pau was great in his prime, but with tendinitis in his knees he's slow and even weaker and less explosive. He's more of a baby
stairwell13::shaq won the first three rings for Kobe, Fisher won those same 5 rings - Kobe has never won anything without him.
Milk6464::Nobodys won a ring by themselves ask Pippen or even DWade/ LBJ/ Bosh
Keen7135::Name a shooting guard with his usage rate. Just name one in a point guard heavy system.
mike etheridge::kobe should avg double digit assists?  name a Shooting Guard who has accomplished this feat
mike etheridge::Post something positive about kobe i dare ya
Milk6464::Except the fact that almost every player he has played w/ had their best seasons playing w/ KB24 (Farmer/ Sash/ Parker/ Mihn/ Ronnie T/ kwame B/ etc). but don't let facts get in the way of your blind hate.... 5 RINGS!!!!!!!!!! 7 Finals in 14 years soon to be 6!
Keen7135::There is nothing positive to post about him. SOmeone with that talent should make his team mates better. Something he has not been able to do in the past and is not doing now.
mike etheridge::keen7135   CLASSIC KOBE HATER
Lakerboy133::Dwight. What a game last night
Keen7135::We are talking about his play this season. Pau also won two rings. So lets stop it. Kobe needs to create easy buckets for his team mates. he does not do that and turns the ball over. He is causing this team games with his selfish attitude. The game is simple, the Lakers play well when there is ball movement. Everybody but Kobe knows that.
Keen7135::Once again, we are talking about this year. This team does not need him to be selfish, because this team cannot win when he is.
rodneycash2008::Well at least being selfish has worked 5 times.
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::Pau needs to be more aggressive. He didn't just forget how to play, he just needs to play his game
Lakerboy133::I agree, but i didn't see much in the preseason between those two
Milk6464::A non point guard averaging double figures in assists??????? You guys crack me up, it's obviously not enough that he leads his position for assists per game over the past 5 years..... But when I hear people just like you slurp up on how GREAT players like LBJ are/ not selfish while KB avg 2 less assists per game than him is just comical
Keen7135::How can they have Chemistry when their top player has an agenda? With his usage rate, Kobe should be averaging double figures in assist. So lets stop the pretense
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::That's has a lot to do with chemistry. They need more time than 8 games to make it work. Expect a month or so before we see progress with the chemistry between Pau and Nash.
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::Let's wait and see how Pau responds when Nash comes back in a week or two.
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::Laker fan here  This dude Kobe takes a helicopter to practice and some home games... I don't think that ish is necessary, his teammates are so intimidated by him, they're afraid of making a mistake.
Keen7135::I disagree. Duhon is a much better player and leader than Steve Blake
Keen7135::Not true. Duhon is a much better player at this stage. They just won't allow him to run the offense.
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::Yes, he is a better player, but we are speaking of leadership in the locker room. I would rather replace Duhon of all pg's the Lakers have if it meant bringing in Fisher.
bballfballfan::when your a baller you gotta act like one...i dont blame him shiiit if i ahd that type of money i would take my helicopter everywhere
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::I would have liked Fish in place of a guy like Duhon.
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::This is why Fish was needed in that locker room. To balance the leadership
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::Hell yea!
RNYC::Laker dreams rest on a 39 year old PG with a bad back recovering from a broken leg and a coach who only knows how to win one way.  LOL that doesn't sound like a recipe for success
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::Must be a concern to you since your brought it up.
Member_of_Lakers_Nation_Since_1987::Well, he signed for 3 years. Nash has been known to take very good care of his body. He averaged about 10 apg last year. This fracture was a freak accident. He'll recover eventually and he'll be a difference maker when he comes back. Especially under Mike D'Antoni. A system he is familiar with.
RNYC::No I thought the signing was inconsequential.  Its just funny to see you guys buying into the 39 year old Steve Nash as if he's LBJ or CP3.  Hes 39!!!!! how many games do you think he has left?
David J. Stern::He is NASH
bballfballfan::yup
bballfballfan::hate to say it but they need to trade gasol for some bench help....hes lost in this offense and all hes doing is passing the ball
Keen7135::His passing is great for this team. That is what he needs to understand., He does not need to score in double figures for this team to be successful, same goes for Kobe.
Keen7135::I am more worried about the other members of the team. He needs to make them better. The numbers do not lie.
bballfballfan::kobe i dont mind....we got howard to pick up those offense rebounds and put backs....gasol im worried because he is going to get irritated over the way hes being used....i can see him requesting a trade....man a gasol for love trade would be awesome
David J. Stern::we like his passing
bballfballfan::his passing is good but were not utilizing his other talents though
Phatepiclewts::If Jamison hadn't been hot, the Lakers would have lost. lol
Lakerboy133::When jamison gets the ball, shoots and slashes he gets buckets. And meek was picked up to throw down treys
Keen7135::How would he be himself when no one passes the ball to him?
rodneycash2008::What a stupid post.  IF IF IF
Lakerboy133::The thing is this is how their supposed to play off the bench, jamison wasn't himself before now with mike d' antoni he's playing way better
stairwell13::one game - big deal
David J. Stern::blah
Nathanater24::and Meeks....
bballfballfan::and dwight...i guess we can say if no one was hot they would lsoe which is a dumb statement in itself...they won they won get over it
mike etheridge::Dantoni has never had this much talent to run his system with after 30 or so games i hope it starts to click guna be fun to watch with nash at the point D12 KB PAU  should get any shot they want  rest of league knows its coming
mike etheridge::kobe should act like a great player? lmfao
Keen7135::Meek and Jamison are shooters. Get them enough shots and they would make enough of them. Hogging the ball does not help anybody
rodneycash2008::Nash is the ultimate playmaker.  There will be a lot of layups when he comes back.
mike etheridge::pls bro dont tell me your flawed analysis 14&amp;7 are kobes halftime #s hes a great player period he will make the system work &amp; when its said &amp; done he will get Mikes #s anyway its called playing LONGER than MJ did
Keen7135::Have you looked at his numbers when the team struggles? Go take a look and come back and lets talk. He is a great player,  he should act like one. Make his team mates better.
RNYC::the system is flawed.  Where are the shooters?  Will Nash be able to control the ball and run 7 seconds or less?  You have Post players that work in a half court set.  Secondly the 2 guard is 34 and aging.  I could go on and on....this team is epically flawed for D'Antoni oh and let me remind you he's never made an NBA finals
rodneycash2008::Is this coming from a nets/knicks fan?  Same thing.
Keen7135::Ask your self this question, you think Kobe would be happy if he averages 14 points and 7 assists? He would not. His goal is to pass MJ on the scoring leaders chart. He does not care if h can make it possible for Duhon to score 5 more points or for Dwight to score 20 a game.
mike etheridge::if u think kobe is about scoring records u dont know jack hes about RINGS period
stairwell13::Kobe's about Kobe PERIOD.
Keen7135::If he is about rings then he needs to change his ball hogging self. It is clear that the team plays well when he does not hog the ball. He has the lowest assist ratio in the NBA for his usage rate. And  this is all time.
Keen7135::The players  will fit his system if they want to. Some of them are unwilling because their scoring would go down. That is the major problem he faces
RNYC::this team as constructed doesn't fit D'Antoni's style at all.  You better hope he can make adjustments which he's been proven  NOT to do
Keen7135::The only way it clicks, is if Kobe somehow figures out that he should be a team player instead of trying to pass MJ on the scoring record.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Nets Heat tonight!!!!! Winner has the best record in the East!
RNYC::only 65 more games to go....
RocForceOne::Memphis @ San Antonio is gonna be a good one
ForeverGrapeOKC::Go SPurs!!!!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::you know that hurt to say.. lol
Keen7135::Kobe is the problem with this team, not D'Antoni. The scoring record he is after is clouding his decision making. It is not by accident that when he facilitates the team plays better. They should either trade or amnesty him and move on.
goodrich91709::RNYC, you are correct..wrong coach too. I am afraid we are going to lose Howard when it hit's the fan because we didn't win
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::I agree. The team is MUCH better when they're not ball watching which is when Kobe takes over. The team is so scared to touch the ball when Kobe is in that zone.   Kobe facilitating = Laker win
RNYC::Dude the problem is that the team is OLD.  Then you go out and hire a coach who won't maximize the personnel.  Kobe is the only consistent thing on the team but his prime years are over..its decline time
rodneycash2008::The reason the Lakers are always relevant is because they aren't afraid to make trade moves.  Be ready for a  big one by the deadline.
Keen7135::Kobe had a triple double the other day and the team won, the first thing he said was that he is a scorer and not a facilitator. How selfish can he be? For this team to win he needs to facilitate
Keen7135::I am die hard Laker fan. I have been saying this since Phil left. The problem is Kobe. Look at the games won this year and look at his output in those games. You think it is by accident that the team loses when he hogs the ball?
kobe24lakerfan4life::*chips
kobe24lakerfan4life::haha get out of here man, you just want your team to pick him up. Kobe can have those awful games I agree but the Lakers need him. Without Kobe I don't think the Lakers win 5 chins in the last 12 year's.
bballfballfan::so the lakers are 8-8. hhhmmmm the heat stared out 9-8 and how did that end up going?
RNYC::If you're banking your hopes on a 39 year old Nash with a bad back God help you friend
Keen7135::They would be only when Kobe decides to be a team player. His ball hogging ways is hurting this team
mikeawesome09::lakers are gonna be 2nd place just watch
Keen7135::The problem with the Lakers is with Kobe. He won't allow Nash to facilititate
bballfballfan::he just doesnt trust them yet...nash is proven
Keen7135::You think Kobe would allow Nash to facilitate? You know how often he takes the ball out of Duhon/Morris hands?
RocForceOne::Nash played one regular season game, how is it Kobe's fault?
ForeverGrapeOKC::Miami could win on the road :)
kobe24lakerfan4life::It's funny too because the Hear were at full strength while the Lakers are missing a starter Nd a backup PG.
epitome1986::the heat consisted of lebron, wade, bosh, then a bunch of scrubs. the lakers consist of kobe, pau, dwight, artest, jamison, and some scrubs, yet are still struggling.
mikeawesome09::then they started a 12 streak which got them 21-9
mikeawesome09::.
goodrich91709::I have been a Lakers fan since I was 7 years old, have lived and died with them through the years. I hate to say it, D'Antoni is a joke..he is going to ruin this team.  His style of basketball will NOT win the championship and it's a shame Lakers management is banking on him to lead us there. I hope I am wrong, my gut tells me this season is going to get worse. We are going to continue having games like we did last night and all are going to think it's fixed but in reality it is not and never will be with the type of basketball D'Antoni wants to play.
goodrich91709::bro, I'm just saying I have seen the good and the bad..it was painful to lose year after year in the 60's . Were you a fan in 71-72 when we finally broke through? It was the best feeling along with the year we finally beat Boston in Boston. D'Antoni's style of play is just jack it up at anytime from anywhere, while Miami, OKC, is going to play sound ball..D'Antoni's style reminds me of Westhead's Loyola teams and what did they ever win. Are you disrespecting Magic's opinion?
mike etheridge::dont believe ur a laker fan just throwing Chicks name out to make it stick bro i know the history of Cs &amp; LA we all do but i wud never go posting it like u did i wud just say i was a fan since the 60s why throw the defeats in there Are u saying thru thick &amp; thin?
goodrich91709::mikey, check the history books, we lost many finals in the 60's to Boston, it was painful bro..who is disrespecting Chick?
goodrich91709::well we will see..I just have a bad feeling about the guy and his methods. Miami has talent but they also have Riley to lead them. We lost West, Sharman, and now Jackson..we lost all leadership. Jerry Buss is nowhere to be found and Kupchack is a good man but he is not in the league of the leaders we lost.
mike etheridge::Cs fan i knew it No laker fan would be acknowledging losing to them every yr &amp; throwing CHICK under the BUS that is just WRONG DOG
rodneycash2008::So do I.  What you are forgetting is D'antoni has never had this much talent.
goodrich91709::no bro 52..I go back to the days my brother and I used to listen to Chick in the 60's on the radio when they played Boston in the finals and lose every year, so I probably have seen and experienced a heck of a lot more Lakers basketball than you..remember what Magic said, he knows a lot more than you and I.
rodneycash2008::How old are you now, 8?
mike etheridge::Logic tells me when &amp; if he fails i will call it like i see it NOT make an assumption about it &amp; be predicting chiat like stephen a smith
goodrich91709::he reminds me of the Del Harris type, how many good years did the Lakers waste with that guy at the helm? We had some pretty darn good talent and never got anywhere. BS, big Lakers Fan, just a realist. You don't have a clue my friend. Think logically.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::i applaud you.. you've made the most sense outta everyone in here..
mike etheridge::thats not a laker fan EXPOSED
David J. Stern::wrong
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::omg a logical laker fan.. you guys exist?
rodneycash2008::you dont even deserve to be here.  What have the Thunder done?
Jlv2012::the best defender against Howard is the freethrow line
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::man i would be mad if i had nash, kobe, gasol, and d12  on my team and were only 8-8..lmfao
mike etheridge::figures birds of a feather flock together
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yup thunder up!
mike etheridge::STOP liking your own comments okc
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::actually i liked it
rodneycash2008::Why be mad when you know they will win over 50 games again?  You should be mad at your team for choking two years in a row.
rodneycash2008::70 wins is overkill.
RocForceOne::Choking is letting the Heat come back and win the Finals
ForeverGrapeOKC::i'd expect 70 wins at 100 mill
ForeverGrapeOKC::yea i'd be pissed no doubt. especially at 100mill
David J. Stern::Perkins stopping Howard now? No! Perkins has lost a lot of weight, He couldnt even stop Bosh LOL. Perkins is weak as $@%!
mike etheridge::coming off back surgery  remember?
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::No one in the NBA can stop Dwight
ForeverGrapeOKC::took games off??? isnt that what Bynum did?
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::He took a couple of games off with no effort. Either the double team was bothering him or he's still not in full form
ForeverGrapeOKC::Dwight has looked pretty ordinary so far (besides yesterday)
ForeverGrapeOKC::If you say so.....
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lol @ laker fans getting ballsy for actually scoring over 100pts for the 2nd time under their new coach.. and it took 17 3's to do it.. we do that in our sleep with no effort..
mike etheridge::rumble u act like your FRANCHISE has 16 TITLES &amp; a long HISTORY OF WINNING oh wait thats MY SQUAD bow down to the PURP&amp;YELLOW
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::He said "we" I'd ball you up, son
RocForceOne::You can score 100 points on your sleep and no effort? I really wanna see that seriously.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::thunder not me personaly..
ForeverGrapeOKC::Cannot wait to clown them on Friday. Gonna be loud as hell that night!!!!
Jlv2012::This Laker team is still unproven and looks worse than last year's team
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::Last years playoff match OKC won two games against the Lakers that they had no business winning. So this years upgrades should make it closer
mike etheridge::u didnt dominate anything WE fell apart at the end of games lol even the boys on TNT admitted as much
mike etheridge::theyr not SEEING THAT too busy tooting their horn over regular season prowess let it sleep guna tap dat in the playoffs this time around
ForeverGrapeOKC::Dude.....Lakers beat us two games.....THE ENTIRE YEAR!! Including the reg season
ForeverGrapeOKC::Im just telling you we dominated you with 3 stars on your team last year. We have a reason to be confident
mike etheridge::there he goes taking reg season for granted again what was the END RESULT IN THE  FINALS?
RocForceOne::Playoff matchups from both Lakers &amp; Thunder are tied with one series win on both sides
David J. Stern::GrapeOKC. Nobody is scared of Westbrook. withe Howard in the paint, he wont get those easy layups. Durant is the only problem. But OKC have a lot more problems than just Howard
ForeverGrapeOKC::We will definitely attack Dwight.....and try to get him in foul trouble early
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::haha like what.. old $@% nash trying to cover westbrook.. kobe and durant are going to get theirs.. ibaka can contain gasol. and perkins is actually the only player that has proven to stop d12.. dont believe me go back to their orlando and celtic days..
2Technique::LA will beat OK in the playoffs--bet the house.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::somebody going to be broke!
ForeverGrapeOKC::you must not like your house then
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::No matter what you OKC fans say  Lakers '11-'12 &lt; Lakers '12-'13
ForeverGrapeOKC::we're going to test that theory......Friday on National TV
