ATL...The Home of the BRAVE::<span style="text-decoration: blink;">Blinking Text</span>
ATL...The Home of the BRAVE::better luck next year
ATL...The Home of the BRAVE::good game
ATL...The Home of the BRAVE::<b> hey </b>
distone4046::Looks like the hawks mailed this one in.  Happens too many times.  I also noticed that they have stopped looking for Korver.  I see him waving his arms wide open only to be looked at by teammates who then look away.  When they look back, he is covered.  Well, it's a shame, he will put the ball in 50% of the time from behind the arc and instead they let Josh take the shot.  Something is wrong here.  Get him the ball and he will score.  There is NOBODY in the league who is better.  Set the man up for shots!
nikpeta31::SEVEN times. Lebron James face appears SEVEN times on the ESPN NBA home page. There has not been a single day yet that his image did not appear at least 5 times on the ESPN NBA home page, but SEVEN! smh...
DWoe23::cant believe it, but only 11 more games left in the regular season. Pacers need 7 of those to clinch the division for the 1st time since 04'
Rick-Patton::just another double double by hansborough
boilersrulendstinksiustinks::No trollers on Pacer boards
GeorgiaPeach0294::Good effort Hawks!! Rise UP!!!!  Lol
AndrewIan62::GREEN
outlawjoseywhales1981::ANYBODY can play well against the Hawks. Even a scrub like Gerald Green. I didn't even know he was still in the league. It says a lot about how untalented the NBA is.
K.Schultz37::He started off the year playing then Vogel benched him for a long stretch of games and now he's back in the rotation which is good!
Taco has a Q::If you say so
outlawjoseywhales1981::But like I said, the Hawks are terrible and they can make anyone look good. That's why the Hawks are considered a joke by most everyone.
outlawjoseywhales1981::No, he doesn't have talent and he doesn't belong in the NBA. He never did.
AndrewIan62::He should be lying on his couch eating a burger
Taco has a Q::Green has talent, just doesnt use it to his advantage.
sweepthesky::Obviously
cShOx::Lakers 2015 Line Up C- Dwight Howard PF- Kevin Love SF- LeBron James SG- Kobe Bryant PG- John Wall
mackfactor::And they'll still miss the playoffs. Lakers suck.
AndrewIan62::They wouldn't have LBJ
AndrewIan62::Kobe Bryant would be retired after 2013-14
buzgt2007::Such a rigged game
jimmyburrell23::then quit betting. if you know it is rigged then why would you gamble in the first place. thats like saying even though i know i am going to get cheated i am going to gamble anyway.
Taco has a Q::Then stop watching so these boards have less whiney $@%!$ like you in here
mackfactor::<i>OffensivelyPC - If it's truly is rigged and you're still gambling on the game, then you are a frickin moron and you deserve to lose your money.</i>  Seconded. Pretty stupid to have "a g ridin" on a rigged game.
OffensivelyPC::If it's truly is rigged and you're still gambling on the game, then you are a frickin moron and you deserve to lose your money.
Taco has a Q::God damn right I will
buzgt2007::GAMBLOR runs the nba, I can complain when I have a g ridin on games such as these and the line is 6.5.  Enjoy your dollar tacos.
feeldabern::such a f in joke
Marty.mcfly2015::indy will never win anything the way they play in the 4th Q each game.
Taco has a Q::Funny thing about that is the Pacers usually are a good 4th Q team, you realize Mr. Clutch (David West) has missed the past 5 games right?
nikpeta31::pacers suck when they have a huge lead going into the 4th   pacers send out their scrubs to "keep the starters fresh for the playoffs" and "develop the bench," while their opponent is intent on trying to get back into the game. and although the pacers have some of the best starters in the NBA, their bench is among the worst, especially 7-12. even the Hawks have a better bench.  so they let a team get back in it, or even take the lead right at the end, Vogel desperately throws in his starters who have been sitting for 20+ minutes and are now cold and out of sync, and the parade of bricks/turnovers results in a L (or a pathetic win.)  Pacers will be fine as long as they never have to play their bench. Maybe if Granger was back 100% you could bring in Lance, VERY brief stretches of Hans/Mahimni and the occasional Pulp. DJ if you were desperate for 3s. otherwise avoid at all costs. burn out pushing the starters 43+ mpg, better than blowing huge leads night in and night out.
sweepthesky::No, they always suck it in the 4th.  They a third quarter team
Senator Cosgrove::No wonder the hawks never win anything...Prideless f###cks
winnumber101::Dahntay Jones kinda bad though...
Taco has a Q::Which is why the Pacers shipped him as part of a deal for Ian Mahinmi
Taco has a Q::Pacers needed 3 quarters and 3 less starters to put away the Hawks.   Proud of the bench
raygor1::We had Former All-Stars Granger and West out &amp; Starters Stephenson and Hill. 3 of this years starting 5 along with the face of our franchise for the last half decade. Williams, Harris, and Pachulia have combined for 53 starts and 114 games played this season while Hill, Stephenson, and West have combined for 200 games played and 194 starts this season, not to mention that Granger started 62/62 games last year. We average 97.7 ppg and 40 ppg were out not including Granger, and WE STILL BUSTED DAT $@%! #PACERNATION
Robdee999::I'm glad I took a nap in the 4th, seeing that 31 points would of ticked me off..
masterjoe712::Pau George has really been struggling from 3 ever since he sustained that finger injury. Hopefully, he can find his shot before the playoffs
Senator Cosgrove::LOL Geral Green goes for that 3...Lucky for him it went down...Hot heads like him the post season will cost the Pacers......
austin_0520::Last time I checked, hoisting up a shot did not have anything to do with your attitude... Maybe better word choice like bad shot selection would be more appropriate...
Scary Poppins::Green is not a hot head! He's just NOT so smart!
ptglj517::green isn't even a part of the normal rotation.  george, granger, stephenson, all come before his minutes.
JollySwagman27::i don't know that we can count on Granger being back in game shape by the playoffs.   (if he can even play)
iownamicrowave::ok this one is true.
DanHalen880::despite our comeback, the hawks are not as good as the pacers overall.  i don't like how we match up with any of the eastern conference actually.  love my team but this is not our year.
ptglj517::.
DanHalen880::ha....i was wondering what you meant. wrong comment chain, yeah?
Senator Cosgrove::Yes, the pacers are obviously are going to make the post season, yes, they will win 1 series, but doubt they get passed that.....The hawks are utter junk. They will get swept the first round.....Frauds is an understatement what this team is.
Luis6331::the pacers played without 4 key players and still won by 6 what are you talking about
Senator Cosgrove::They wont they have a few hot heads in the team......They wont get passed the 2nd round
Taco has a Q::Hot Heads???
JollySwagman27::obviously as in "could lose out and still get in" .... yeah, genius analysis on your part.
iownamicrowave::I hope the pasers get passed that!
iownamicrowave::I want some lasagna. Scoop on lots of meet. LOTS. of. meet.
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Peace out.  Good game hawks.
TheOneAndOnlyKR::I can even bring myself to insult Cam, It must be rough when the Panthers and Bobcats are in an actual fight for most wins during the season.
masterjoe712::He mocks Andrew Luck's interception total even though he only threw 1 more than Cam Newton did during his rookie year.
JollySwagman27::the bobcats have gone on a run lately, no way the panthers ever get 16 wins in a year.  (they'll be lucky to get 16 in 2 years.)
hoops 112hoping::I'll take this win but Vogel needs to realize, PG is only an average ballhandler at the shooting guard position even though he's got great handle for his size at 6'10, making him your point forward and secondary ball handler when he can't even dribble with one hand because of an injury is not a good idea. I could see PG telling Vogel that he could play through it to be point forward, but that's where Vogel has to step in and tell him that it'll hurt the team by doing that.
Senator Cosgrove::LOL the pacers fans really think they are gonna beat the Heat in the post season? LOL  The Pacers are lucky Rose has been injured all year, when fully fit, he is one if the top 5 players in the league.....Oh wait, you couldnt even beat them last week without Rose
masterjoe712::No we don't. I realize you Heat fans hate the idea of competition so you can have Paul George on your team as well if the Pacers play you.
HH18gonnascrewstuffup::I'm confused aren't the Pacers 3-1 against the Bulls this year? Please do correct me if I am wrong
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Funny how the other 3 games don't matter now.
Taco has a Q::And without West too who torches Boozer
iownamicrowave::CamOverRg3, where comedy at its finest happens.
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Sarcasm, nailed it!
iownamicrowave::Comedy Gold!
CamOverRG3::CamOverRG3, where 'bye bye' happens ;)
JollySwagman27::doublecheese, senator cosgrove, camoverrg3 .... who else is letting the pacers live rent free in their heads?
Senator Cosgrove::2012-13 NBA finals - Miami Heat v OKC / Spurs  LOL, you guys do know that the Heat privately laugh that teams like the Pacers and Hawks, especially the Hawks......
CamOverRG3::Double Cheese, the smell of his mother's .........................
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Cookies?
CamOverRG3::Indiana fans, where liking eachother's comments happen
JollySwagman27::did you get your cell phone out to like that a second time?
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::He probably has several stolen computers at this point.
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::CamOverRG3, who no one thinks is funny.
CamOverRG3::North Carolina,Where NCAA Championships happen
JollySwagman27::hard to tout college ball when your pro team is so sad.  greatest living alumnus turned into a terrible team owner didn't he?
masterjoe712::No no, you guys have the Bobcats
iownamicrowave::ok. this one is just boring.
TheOneAndOnlyKR::Who knew winning a regular season NBA game over Atlanta would bring out a panther troll?
CamOverRG3::iownamicrowave,where failed sarcasm always happens
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::He got more likes than you.
iownamicrowave::Classic.
CamOverRG3::Miami Heat, Where winning happens
liquidvizions707::so u one of them bandwagon fans huh? in his defense... the bobcats is his home team. i dont know what id do either if that was the case.
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Stop taking peoples things.  I worked hard for my computer.
iownamicrowave::ahhhh this guy is on fire!
CamOverRG3::Miami Heat, Where '34' happens
JollySwagman27::you were a wizards fan 4 years ago, weren't you?
iownamicrowave::ah classic $@%!... really good stuff
CamOverRG3::Pacers in Playoffs,where 'laughter' happens
iownamicrowave::You really come up with great runs CamOverRG3
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Im guessing he is on a computer he stole lol
lboogie737::Good Game Atlanta. Good luck in the post season.
CamOverRG3::Bankers Life Fieldhouse, where losing to shorthanded old teams happen
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Cam newton, where stealing computers happens.
johnappleseed1001::sergio ramos averages 46.3 ppg
liquidvizions707::oh hush stinger. this isnt horse shoes. quit bragging about the comeback. we didnt win and that's all that matters. had no f'n business being down that much anyway and you shouldn't put yaself in these situations.
Zainal3206::EVERYONE HERES MY SPECIAL BET FOR THE WEEK: GOING ALL IN ON OHIO STATE - 3.5 AGAINST ARIZONA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL BET NOW BEFORE LINE GOES UP TO 4.5!!!!!
Zainal3206::THANK ME LATER GUYS
Zainal3206::ALSO TAKE MICHIGAN + 1.5 AGAINST KANSAS!!
HH18gonnascrewstuffup::Carolina, where putting up big numbers on horrible teams is equivalent to being good
MasterOfLogic::The most embarrassing win ever.
masterjoe712::Eh they were missing 3 starters as well as Danny Granger, but yeah I agree
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::TheOneAndOnlyKR So just got here to see the score. How did the Hawks lose when we were missing three starters and a top bench option?  _______________________ Yeah...like we dont have Lou Williams (former 6th man of year runner up) out for the season, former All-Star Devin Harris, and a big (Pachulia) out as well.
djsallysal::yeah but in all fairness he isnt playing anywhere near an allstar level
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::Harris was an allstar? when was that
Double Cheese REALLY needs to get laid::learn something new every day
me_destruit::2009
CamOverRG3::Ok i'll be nice  Indiana Hoosiers, where 6 and 25 happened
xtipx::Correct me if I'm wrong.  North Carolina is not in the tourney now and the Indiana Hoosiers are.
masterjoe712::Indiana, Where breaking Cam Newton's rookie passing yard record happened
