flip tide.....::haha! 6 -0 !!
theheebs::knicks grizzlies NBA finals.  who is with me?
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::Knicks blow .. only beating the Magic by 10 is like almost losing ..
..Brutus2012::LOL at your dumb comment. They're 5-0, in case you're so stupid to figure that out. What an IDIOT!
Coby brain::knicks won 1 playoff game in 10 years and celebrated like they won the championship.
alohapm63::This could be the year to make a serious run, They got a deep bench - solid veterans - Brewer should not be starting...........( Amare will take care of that when he returns ) So far so good......Good solid D, solid point men, a determined Melo, making 3's,  a matured JR Smith, a reserected Rasheed &amp; not fading down the stretch like in  recent years......I even dug out my old Knicks T-shirts from the back of my closet !!!
q570::Remember Jeremy Lin's airball, his team down two. Relax rookie, you are not Melo.
boston8443::dont worry it wont be long before the knicks collapse
37stan08::whew.. i was worried.
emgospartans::Not a Knicks fan, but I'd like to see if they can extend the win streak to 10 games.  That would definitely give me cause to pause and make them the team to beat in the East.
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::hope Knicks have good medical plan bc those old bums are gonna need it when they start breaking down mid-season
alexhernandezh::I am a Knicks fan, and it would be great.  I'm tired of all the bad years.
Mr. Nut Job::I'm not a Knicks fan either, I'm wondering if they can win the Division this year... that would take the 'stench' out of my mouth in regards to Boston.
TheCurryBoss::Where are all those people who said the knicks are stupid? Well look at them now. I. Knicks haters better get your aspirin because your going to get headaches this year!
Mr. Nut Job::Spurs lost to Memphis though...
theheebs::memphis is probably the best team in the league right now
cheech141::How they're 7 and 1 and they only lost to the clippers
nbabasketball1982::Talk to me after you play the Spurs tomorrow. If you win then I will give you credit. Even if you win by one point. Deal?
DanNYC2816::25 left
adam0642::Does anyone proof read these articles? It was hard to read with all of the typos and words spelled incorrectly.
Mr. Nut Job::I know, they don't check those things much on the Internet.  Editors, real ones are expensive... I guess.
nba is the worst::Heat won't even get out of the 1st round
nbabasketball1982::LMAO that's right because the Knicks already won the championship. Its all over the news.
jameyjay::I want some of what you are smoking.
alexhernandezh::Obviously, he said it just to get you to comment.
cometsuper::no, 41 left.
cometsuper::44 left?
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::and only one more playoff win to make it a grand total of 2 total playoff wins in last 10 years for Knicks !!!! lmao
DanNYC2816::do replies count?
adam0642::I'm pretty sure they do
DanNYC2816::cmon guys, only 46 more comments to get to 5000. WE CAN DO THIS
theflyeststar::now its 45 lol, lets go knicks!!
DanNYC2816::woooo
Td4mvp3::both spurs and knicks are undefeated at home....gonna be a tough one to pull out though
WestCoast_.RU::14 and 6 = 3 million  or 11 and 6 = 8 million   who you taking?
DanNYC2816::is that felton and lin?
Takushiba Chan::1st one
Td4mvp3::Im not just saying this cuz Im a die hard spurs fan but I really think COach Pop is quite possibly the best coach ever..I know he doesnt have all the titles as phil and red....but there is just something truly special about the way that man handles his players and builds relationships with them and is like a father to them....sad day when coach p retires
strongisland06::It's all about Championships in pro sports. Every Coach in basketball is measured by Red &amp; Phil Jackson. Pop is a great coach, but to state he's the best all time is premature.
alexhernandezh::I totally disagree.  Coaches are not judged by how many championships they won.  Teams are.  Coaches are judged by how much of a difference they were actually able to make.  Championships are just icing on the cake.  Phil Jackson's rings had more to do with the rosters he had rather than the coach he was.  Don't get me wrong.  He was a great coach, but he had a lot of help.  Every team he won with had the best player in the NBA or the best squad, period.    Larry Brown is the only coach I know that's won a championship without superstar players (not saying he's the best though).
theflyeststar::pop is a great coach, i remember when he first started with the spurs i had no idea who he was, then he just kept winning and winning and winning, he's one of the greatest to coach along with jerry sloan, pat riley, phil jackson, larry brown, etc
cometsuper::Between him and Jerry Sloan...but Sloan is gone and Popovich is still going strong
Td4mvp3::oh wow cant believe I forgot sloan..he is a legend as well
WestCoast_.RU::.
Td4mvp3::Knicks are better off without amare, melo just isnt his normal self when he is in the lineup..
alexhernandezh::Give the new system a chance, then we can talk about how much they cannot mesh.
cometsuper::i'm a believer in Kidd.  He can keep this team together not necessarily with just his play, but his presence/advice.
theflyeststar::that was before they had a real point guard, now they have 3
Td4mvp3::true...
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::full of hopeless dreaming here on the Knicks board... they have 0.0000001% chance of getting passed the 2nd round....   1 quality opponent they have played and that was at home... we should hand them their rings now..
alexhernandezh::and you're choosing the Cavs to win it all.
cheech141::U called a 76ers team without the 2nd best center in the Nba a legit win. And Dallas without their star player and Shawn Marion a legit win. No just stop it just no stop it
alexhernandezh::2 quality opponents and an additional playoff team, which they beat twice.  Only bad team the Knicks played so far was Orlando.
alexhernandezh::Other than Dallas's record (4-4) and 10th, Miami is #2 and Philadelphia is #5.  Can't see how that's not quality.  Also, you probably believe Dallas is better than the Knicks.
nbabasketball1982::They always take everything out of porpotion. It's only been 5 games for them.
cometsuper::you're feeling good about yourself right now?..after every post?
Td4mvp3::Thumbs up if u wanna see a rematch of the 99 finals with spurs and knicks!
nbabasketball1982::are you guys really talking about this? this is why other fans say the things they say about Knick fans.
Td4mvp3::yea
theflyeststar::id rather see knicks vs lakers
strongisland06::I'm still pissed about the Rockets loss. That was our series...
Td4mvp3::no way....spurs are better than LA
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::Bucks are also a perenial eastern contender..... not to mention the upstart charlotte bobcats..  duma$$ knick fans - talking after 5 games... kind of like that little linsanity saga we had to hear about all last year and how he was going to take them to the promise land....
cometsuper::Only 1 team can win the NBA finals
WestCoast_.RU::tell us how you really feel....that 2nd super bowl loss to the giants has you pretty salty...so much so that you come into a knicks board when your team isnt playing them
Td4mvp3::Does this mean Duncan and carmelo match up?  Usually Chandler guards timmy..
alexhernandezh::Who defends JR/Novack/Kidd/Felton/Melo...?
nbabasketball1982::SPurs win
nbabasketball1982::Spurs win tomorrow
Td4mvp3::oh ok got it
theflyeststar::i doubt it, rasheed will probably start and guard duncan
cometsuper::that wont happen.  Chandler/Wallace/Camby defend duncan
cometsuper::A combination of players/double team.  Neal, Leonard and company
strongisland06::Who defends Melo?
cometsuper::Is there any petition we can sign to get the Spurs vs Knicks tomorrow on TNT ????!
nbabasketball1982::two best teams? Spurs yes Knicks no. They have the best record because they only played 5 games. That doesn't make them the best team.
Td4mvp3::I knooooooowww right!!!!!!!!!!!!  I was thinking the same thing...I mean brooklyn's good but we are the 2 best teams in the conferences
cometsuper::Agreed.  They should be able to adjust based on what is currently happening in the NBA.
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::the knicks are the same team that they were last year and the year before..... you have one quality win....  77 more games to go in the season guys... don't be so naive...
NYClyde10::Knicks only have two starters back from last years squad. Your trolling and/or math skills need work.
strongisland06::A Celtic fan talking trash. Ray Allen knew to get out of town...
WestCoast_.RU::its bad enough they own you in football and baseball, but now in basketball too?  must really grind those gears
Td4mvp3::actually they are slightly better than last year and they should have some recognition for that...Im a spurs fan btw
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::you don't know that yet...
WestCoast_.RU::knicks started last year 5-0?  tell us more about what you know about the knicks...
Td4mvp3::Man I feel sorry for the knicks, they have no idea what will hit them tommorow night..R.I.P....year of the spur!
nbabasketball1982::If you knick fans think that you have a chance vs the spurs tomorrow you must be smocking something good. Cant wait for tomorrow.
nbabasketball1982::Td4mvp3 are you serious? best of the east? what are you smoking? I agree about the spurs but c'mon the Knicks LMAO
theflyeststar::the spurs only have parker and duncan is not what he used to be, bring it on lol
cometsuper::not gonna lie, afraid of the spurs
strongisland06::Knicks are playing with confidence. It will be a tough game for both teams.
Td4mvp3::it will be best in east vs. best in west
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::jesus.... you knick fans are literally tricked into thinking that your mediocre team each year is good....  its still mid-november...
nbabasketball1982::MY GOD!!!!! its been 5 games
NYClyde10::Most of us have been waiting over ten years for a team like this. So, yeah, we're a bit excited. Please, forgive us for not jumping on the Heat/Nets bandwagon and being excited about a team that has given us some great moments to take our minds off of our homes being flooded or destroyed.
strongisland06::Can someone ban this guy, reason being just because...
cometsuper::so?
strongisland06::If Amare can buy into what Woodson and the Knicks are doing we can make some serious noise in the playoffs.
WestCoast_.RU::knicks doing what good teams do, beat teams who are worse than them  unlike  the heat who lost to the griz
nbabasketball1982::WestCoast do you watch basketball at all other than the KnickS? Grizz are really good. Watch some basketball before you talk please.
cometsuper::grizz are good
FootballKingFrans::and all the teams they beat suck
nbabasketball1982::THey beat the Heat one time. Relax please! so you had a good games vs one good team so what. Lets see when they play them again or when they play the Spurs tomorrow and Memphis.
DanNYC2816::really? all of them?
DanNYC2816::yes sir, time for the spurs
strongisland06::DanNYC2816 - i guess not. i hope the heat don't feel like playing in the playoffs too ______ I was commenting on the op. But we can all agree, the Knicks play who is on their schedule. And they beat all 5 of them
DanNYC2816::i guess not. i hope the heat don't feel like playing in the playoffs too
strongisland06::The Heat didn't feel like playing that game right?
Steven_K_12::it's too early in the season to be worrying about any teams current record. they've played 5 games, and ESPN is once again blowing a story way out of proportion.
Steven_K_12::maybe not last season, but all those years in denver?
strongisland06::Many players would take those post season stats.   http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/1975/seasontype/3/carmelo-anthony
Steven_K_12::all i'm saying is that it's too early in the season to ask any questions about who will win the east or the west. if Dwade and Bosh could get hurt tomorrow, then what for the Heat? i've always been a fan of Melo, but he's known for partially disappearing in the playoffs. i like the knicks this year but i just want to see how they do down the road.
strongisland06::Melo didn't disappear last post-season. They just got beat by clearly a better team.
OmniVersal::It's not just that they're undefeated but how they're doing it
DanNYC2816::this wasn't even on the front page, how exactly are they blowing it out of proportion
DanNYC2816::asking a question isn't exactly blowing it out of proportion. would you rather they just give the east to the heat?
Steven_K_12::on first take this morning, they asked if the knicks could win the east and if they are a legitimate title contender. they've based their claims off of 5 games, let's see where they are after 25 games and if they're 18-7 then that question should be asked but not this soon in the season.
DanNYC2816::5-0, good stuff. Keep it up. Go Knicks!
Fahim58::As a Knicks fan, I'l be realistic here in the Eastern rankings 1. Miami 2. Boston  3. New York (can compete with boston for 2nd) 4. Philadelphia  5. Atlanta 6. Chicago (depends) 7. Milwaukee 8. Indiana  As long as we're 1-4, we can go deep in the playoffs
srqman1::$@%! YOU  THE KNICKS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE EAST YOU SCUMBAG
theflyeststar::boston is done, philly without bynum is better
method305::Agreed but switch ATL and Chi in the rankings.
Fahim58::Yea, Chicago I wasn't sure whether to put them above Atlanta or not
Fahim58::This isn't the standings as of now, just how I would think it will end after this season
OmniVersal::I agree with this. Been saying in the preseason that at the very least the Knicks are a top 3-top 4 seed. If they can get the 2 seed then it would be so epic if they made it to the ECF to face off against the Heat. Would be a throwback to the 90's.
method305::Just like the good ol' days.
Fahim58::Yea man! :)
Fahim58::As of right now, they're not, but I would put them in number 2, tied with Boston probably deeper into this season
Fahim58::Yea, who knows, Knicks can pull of 2nd, but Boston are known to bounce back after All Star Break
OmniVersal::He said deeper in the season not deeper as a team. Pretty much what he's saying is let's wait and see what develops.
theflyeststar::boston is not deeper, nor are they as good as the knicks this season
theflyeststar::how is boston better than ny?
genjeskhan::this trade i believe is the best option for the knicks, and also the lakers. the knicks would probably have to throw in a combo of prigioni and novak, or one of the two to sweeten the deal.  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bxv5d5c
ApookTheDestroyer::Why would L.A. do this?  Oh, because of STAT and D'Antoni? They'd have to be even crazier than I think they are.
DanNYC2816::they would never do it, but it would shed some payroll. thats the only reason i can think of
DanNYC2816::i would do it
USF_FL::im a knick n kobe fan...it wouldnt work only cuz amare n dwight are too simliar of players (they wouldnt mesh together on court) n lakers need artest for defense kobe has to save legs...but in theory i agree with it
knicklyn::Melo dispersing food and water to residents of Red Hook Brooklyn.  http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=422620764471293&amp;set=a.401192936614076.90983.401031586630211&amp;type=1&amp;theater
Fahim58::This board still laggy lol
OmniVersal::So did the Heat "give" that game to the Grizzlies too?
method305::No the Grizzlies have the Heat's number for some reason, for a few years now. They play very poorly in Memphis. They got destroyed  fair and square.
method305::You might be right about that one.
OmniVersal::It happens. Memphis to me would not be the most fun matchup in a 7 game series. They just love grinding games out and wearing you out. Whoever has to go through that would be too exhausted to last. They may have actually gotten better without Mayo.
method305::Yeah, their game plan was to defend from the inside out. But honestly I can't blame them, who would have thought that Ellington would have had  a career night like that?
OmniVersal::Well I think that's do to them having a monstrous front court which is Miami's main weakness and they can shoot the 3.
Fahim58::and we made more 3 pointers than the Grizzlies...but they have would have an excuse against us..I mean Giants should've won too against the Steelers right?
OmniVersal::So true and the Yankees should have gotten a redo and gone to the WS because of Sandy too while we're at it
Fahim58::according to Sandy logic
USF_FL::Knicks are only team in east truely built to handle heat (very similar to mavs title team) when shumpert n amare get healthy they will only get stronger...felton, shumpert, brewer, anthony, chandler (kidd, jr smith, novak, amare/rasheed, camby/k thomas) along with much improved defense...a true bball fan can easily see this team can contend...next 2 @spurs n grizzles nice early test
Fahim58::I'm happy how the Knicks are playing right now. Well they were a bit sloppy in Orlando yesterday but definitely we're a threat for the Heat, along with Boston. Can't wait for the back to back road games this thursday and friday. I don't expect them to be 7-0 but still eager
mbatkiew::They haven't played anyone good yet and Amar'e is on his way back. Don't worry Knick fans, your Knicks will be back in the trash can of the NBA, where they belong, soon enough.
NYGNYYEric0118::Worry about the broken bulls "mba" must not be much on the Bulls board for you to be over here.
Fahim58::4-0 against .500+ teams so far, 5-0 overall, and all double digit wins...and Miami isn't good? Last time I checked they were the 2011-2012 Champs
nbabasketball1982::Jlv2012 - You can't really count the game against Miam because of the hurricane.  It was pretty obvious the Heat donated the game.  I agree... plus 18 three pointers is insane. That won't happen again.
Fahim58::I would love to see Amare coming out of the bench helping JR smith
Jlv2012::Look, I hate the Miami Heat as much as anybody but the only real runner up to face them is the Celtics.  Even they have a small chance.  If the Knicks bench Stoudemire, trade him or put him on the inactive list their chances increase two fold.  Stoudemire will be the death of this team.  Him and Carmelo cannot exist with each other.
method305::Damn, it was 19 3's holy crap. But still the Heat did check out of that game, you could tell from the get go.
Fahim58::Jlv2012 - You can't really count the game against Miam because of the hurricane.  It was pretty obvious the Heat donated the game.  Really? Didn't know Heat can donate 19 3's
Jlv2012::I don't really want to crash your high right now.  Knicks doing well hopefully they keep it up.  Unlikely though.
method305::We'll have to see whats up in the rematch game between them. Because honestly, you can tell the Heat had checked out even before the game started, and the Knicks went absolutely bananas from beyond the arc.
Jlv2012::You can't really count the game against Miam because of the hurricane.  It was pretty obvious the Heat donated the game.
mbatkiew::Buddy, it's not that I hate the Knicks -- I think this is the most randomly-assembled, overrated roster in, possibly, the history of the NBA. There is no way they should even be mentioned in the same breath as some of the other contenders.
Fahim58::Overrated? How are we overrated, we've been the same roster for two years..we just got Felton, Brewer and some veterans. Lots of people are assuming we're not going to go far because of age. In that case, we're underrated.
OmniVersal::I could say the same about the Bulls when D-Rose won an MVP. I understand why you'd be upset seeing as the Bulls are falling.
OmniVersal::So they didn't play teams that were in last year's playoffs? Didn't beat teams that are currently over .500? And if the teams are so bad don't you think the Knicks would blow them out? Oh wait they did do all that. Guess you're just mad lol.
Jlv2012::Knicks aren't really a trash can team.  They're just not true championship contenders.
Clueless Heat Fan::6-2 is clearly a better sign than 5-0
nbabasketball1982::Sorry but the Heat had a tuffer schedule.
nbabasketball1982::LOL
method305::Wow a brand new user name just for the Heat? You shouldn't have.
Fahim58::Was anyone frustrated about Melo not playing transitional D yesterday? He gets a no call and stays there :/
method305::Not frustrated, but D-Wade does the same $@%! and it pisses me off so I feel you.
Fahim58::word, they can't just rely on refs for the calls, no matter what they gotta stick to their man
OmniVersal::Woodson yelled at him then after that you could tell that got Melo going
Jlv2012::I have two words for why I think the Knicks are not the real deal: Amare Stoudemire.
nbabasketball1982::I agree with JLV2012... They played tons of crappy teams. Lets see when they start playing teams from the Western conference.
Jlv2012::Knicks aint fooling me but we'll see how good they are in the next few games.
Fahim58::If Amare accepts the role as a bench player, then the Knicks would be fine and effective.
OmniVersal::I have two words for you Mike Woodson. If Stat strays Woodson won't hesitate to give him a talking he did it to Melo last night.
method305::Knick fans, the bottom line is that  IF the Heat and Knicks meet in the playoffs, KNICKS WILL LOSE. Accept it, deal with it, and have a nice day.
nbabasketball1982::They would make an exciting playoff series but I just don't see the Heat losing to the Knicks in 7 game series. They Heat are not even playing Mike Miller because they are saving him for the playoffs. They don't want him to get injured but that guy can shoot and defend really good. Lets not forget Joel Anthony. Joel is a great defender too. I still think Boston has a great chance on bouncing back. They are still pretty good. Boston always sucks in regular season and they become really good in the playoffs.
srqman1::tell mom I say hi
method305::Grow up son.
Fahim58::Hopefully we do meet in the playoffs in the ECF, would be a great game.
method305::I would like to see that as well. I'm just fvckin' with the Knicks fanbase today. But I like their rivalry better than the Heat/Celtics rivalry.
theflyeststar::heat were blown out by the knicks
method305::^Now here's a troll^
method305::Ask the 2010-2012 Bulls if it does.
Clueless Heat Fan::method305 - Again in the playoff, when it really matters.  heat will go 18-0 in the playoffs!
theflyeststar::so the regular season doesn't matter?
method305::Again in the playoff, when it really matters.
gsraider::Does Kidd have anything to do with this great start?
gsraider::havent kept up with any knick games but have always liked kidd's game, just wasnt sure if he's been a factor but thanks
OmniVersal::JKidd with the defense, 3's, assists, steals and experience.
theflyeststar::yes
OmniVersal::For someone with nbabasketball in their username they sure don't know a lot about it.
nbabasketball1982::I only watch the real contenders
nbabasketball1982::Hey Fahim you did. Preseason .. Sorry if I don't follow your team
nbabasketball1982::I am actually a girl and I can tell you I know more than you.
nbabasketball1982::Really and you do?
OmniVersal::I swear a chia pet has more knowledge about the sport than all these Knicks haters and trolls
Fahim58::I know right...she thought we played the Nets too LOL
srqman1::2008 boston celtics and 2012 miami heat  two teams that cheated their way to an NBA title
nbabasketball1982::LOL god you guys are a joke. So much hate is unreal.
BronyFan::If you want a real bought championship 2002 NBA Playoffs Dont' complain about those 2 teams, and ignore that one
srqman1::celtics cheated by getting garnett, allen and pierce together on the same team  they effectively BOUGHT THE CHAMPIONSHIP
theflyeststar::celtics won it fair and square but the heat definitely had help from the refs
method305::Really? Is that what you're resorting to?
OmniVersal::Says the Heat "fan" trolling
srqman1::lebron was supposed to come to NY, originally. it was documented that he met with amare and dolan the night before the decision and GAVE THEM HIS WORD.  he betrayed the knicks, their fans and the city of New York. he gave up a great situation playing with Amare and leading the most storied NBA franchise to another championship.
nbabasketball1982::Lebron is way better... Sorry but you have to give credit to that guy
theflyeststar::i'm glad lebron went to miami, i like melo a lot more
method305::He's the best pure scorer in the game. Well between him and Durant. But this isn't about Melo. Its about if the Knicks can actually win a playoff series this year.
srqman1::i do as well, but the thing still really bothers me
method305::Really, You still crying about this?
cometsuper::If what you're saying is true, how did he betray the fans?  I don't recall Lebron ever saying he was going to the Knicks
srqman1::it was documented on twitter he met with amare and dolan at some fancy restaurant in manhattan the night before the decision  he supposedly gave them their word and proceeded to $@%! all over it by announcing on national tv he was going to the miami cheat
have you seen my teddy bear::...clearly the championship favorites... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
nbabasketball1982::Why don't we just give you the trophy and parade tomorrow? I mean 5 games is clearly a sign that the Knicks will win it all this year. The Heat can't beat them and god the Spurs or OKC or the Lakers have no chance on beating the Knicks either so lets just plan the parade tomorrow. Everyone else sucks anyways.
uconn1511::..................................................................
cometsuper::any more dots ? ... ... .. .. . ..... . .. .
have you seen my teddy bear::wait for it... .... ...wait for it...
theflyeststar::lol
