Ron L::This is one game that the hack a Howard failed.  Great game by Howard. Now if only he can do this every game with his free throws then Houston can be a great team.  Good game by Lin.  He ran the offense well tonight.  But I am waiting for D Darqwon (the dark one) to say "but Lin was only +- 0 today so his defense must be bad, or he only had one TO so he wasn't aggressive enough".  It's always a "but" to the dark one when it comes to Lin.
Be+::Everytime Dwight makes his free throws, I am so happy.  Imagine if he made all his free throws in the games Rockets lost.  If he continues to make more free throws, I think the Rockets will at least make the conference semifinals.  Parsons, Jones, Lin, Beverly all seem to be playing better tonight too.  Harden is almost always good...could work on defense but you know what I mean.  Team work getting better.
Be+::Both Beverly & Lin played well tonight.  Brooks could be good too but we rarely see him.
DS::All the Beverly fans suddenly disappeared. At the beginning of the season, so many fans said Beverly is so much better than Lin. Now so quiet as the season progress.
Jim::Will be watching my favorite player JLin.  Go Lin, go Rockets!  Show that competitive spirit!
C.Jin::I don't understand all the discontent with Lin not starting. People have to stop thinking that going to the bench is a demotion, cause in cases like this it's NOT. He's the sixth man, and his job is to lead the second unit and carry the offense when the starters rest. Harden did this with OKC, and Ginobli has been doing it for years. They're simply better suited for that role within the larger scheme of the team. It doesn't mean they're not good enough to start in any way. There's really no question that Lin is a better overall player than Beverly. Look at the numbers. Lin is thriving in this new role, and he's been played MORE MINUTES than Bev, so there should really be no issue here at all.
Blue::Lin played surprisingly good defense tonight. He fought through screens, contested a lot of shots (effectively). I think there was only one play where he looked a little lost on defense, but that was only because he followed the ball handler when he should have switched to the shooter. He also got pretty much whatever he wanted under the rim. Lawson scored a lot but anyone who saw the game knows that all his easy buckets were on Harden. SMH at the Beard's patented "passage defense." He literally gives his man 10 feet of separation, and just stares at the guy as he's driving past him. Doesn't move his feet. Doesn't even bend his legs. At his very most, he'll turn his head. But that's only on good nights. Denver ran the same play repeatedly while they were hacking Dwight, continuously going to Lawson on the corner where he was matched against Harden. But Harden doesn't care. Defense is far people without awesome facial hair. He wasn't always like this, I don't know what happened to him.   On a side note, it looks like the teams are starting the Hack-a-Howard strategy earlier and earlier. Might as well just start hacking from the 3rd quarter from now on. I guess it just means they're scared. Rockets look dangerous with D-Mo and Terrance Jones tonight. A lot of talent on this roster with very unique talents and flaws coming together. After we trade Asik away and adjust to whatever new teammate we get, the west better watch out.
D. Darqwon::I must admit it's great to see how cool Lin and Beverley are and how they cheer for each other.
TheBigB0ss::So far this first half....I give some credit to kevin mchale.  He is finally letting lin run the offense either with harden or beverly. For that, I give him a lot of credit.  And look what happens when he allows your true Starting PG to shine?  I am also noticing in 3 of the last 4 games that even though beverly starts....he doesnt get the minutes as a starter.  lin comes in the 1st quarter usually half way (in the case today around 4 minutes left in the 1st qtr) and plays the rest of the way. I like that. However, i still feel lin should start...but maybe have harden and beverly rotate more on offense and then keep lin guarding the 2 guard and beverly guarding the 1 if the 2 guard isnt too tall.  Anyway, great 1st half for lin and the rockets, props to mchale for this improvement (those that know me, know i criticize mchale the most).
Allen E::Dwight is a career 58% free throw shooter, so to expect him to improve after 9 years is naive. He had a better than average night at the line but he still is bad enough to have "Hack a Dwight" as a game plan in any quarter. Great at defense and around the rim but limited by his bad shooting away from the basket. Greats like Kareem shot well enough  to make teams pay for fouling him. He is and will always be someone who can't win the big games because of his FT shortcomings....good luck HOUSTON we've seen it before.....
