Hoang Nguyen::another loss for kyrie "overrated" irving
Ryan Gladish::U sir a a dick
Michael Shen::He's not overrated. Do you even watch any NBA games other than the games Lebron plays in? Kyrie has won many games by himself, that's enough to put him in the top30 in this league. Don't you just come in trashing about Kyrie. We may be a pathetic team, but that doesn't give you the right to trash about us. You're just being a classless jerk. The cavs just have no other consistent offensive punch playing beside him.  Don't let me guess your a Miami heat fan since like 2 years ago LOL. Just name any HEAT player before DWade was drafted to prove me wrong.
Vin Turner::Michael Shen Yes he is, Irving STINKS!!!
Brett Reid::bulls decimated by injury . yet theyre up by ten on a healthy cleveland playing at home ? the cavaliers are the joke of the season
Jake Reitz::Cavs by one, Bulls suck just like every Chicago team.
Taylor Manes::Jake reitz We still  Will win a championship before kyrie and this sorry excuse of a team does...we got an former mvp..who y'all got ? LeBron? Oh wait he left....all y'all got is deng and I'm pretty sure he's going to leave to go into free agency just like LeBron did..
Steve Harvey::Jake Reitz LMAO coming from a Cleveland fan?? Bahahaahahaahaha when was the last time a Cleveland team won a title, around WW2? LOL Clown the Bears, Bulls, and Blackhawks are all SUPERIOR to all CLE teams.
Adam Kralic::sweet jeebus how bad are the Cavs? Rose = out. Deng = on their team. Boozer = out.   and they still lose.
Jonathan Krishnan::Why hate on the cavs? Who is your team?
CJ Yambz::Hinrich out too
Stephen Cervantes::I'm thinking of picking up DJ & dropping iggy in fantasy Good Idea??
Steve Harvey::"Daddy what's a Championship?"  - Every Cleveland fan under the age of 50
Syed Umer Ahmed::Outside of the bailout package courtesy of Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen there's nothing special about pro sports in Chicago.
Shawn Gardner::Syed Umer Ahmed you are a moron. Umm how about 2 Black hawks stanley championships in 4 years. Even the White sox won in 2005. What has cleveland done? I'll be waiting for your response. Oh wait no i won't cause there isn't none!
Syed Umer Ahmed::Shawn Gardner You're resorting to hockey? That is exactly my point....
Taylor Manes::Bulls win by four. Kyrie irving will choke like he always do...
George Chip Thayer::Kyrie Irving has the most clutch of any player in the NBA.   Here's the proof.   http://stats.nba.com/?ls=iref%3Anbahpstats&PlayerOrTeam=Player&StatCategory=Clutch
Mario's GameShop::George Chip Thayer irving vs Chicago in his career hasnt been very good...hes been pathetic as have most PGs..Chicagos suffocating D kills irving and most PGs, even chris paul sucks, russel westbrook, and anyother PG thats suppose to be great has been pathetic vs this Bulls D...Bulls have a D, cavaliers have no D or offense...since the trade, Bulls have been even better then cavaliers who got a 20+ ppg scorer in Deng, again Bulls will win tonights game, cavaliers have no shot and Deng wont have a great game, vs a suffocating Bulls D..
Adam Youman::Mario's GameShop deng with either have the best game of his career or the worst. gonna be emotional playing against noah and the bulls
Viju Patel::HEY when CHICAGO is BANGED UP they will FIGHT you and FIGHT you UNTIL they're NO LONGER EVEN ALIVE, now what other team can do this ALL the TIME?????IF miami or indiana were BANGED UP like the BULLS they would be 100% FINISHED and they would go DOWN to the WIRE WITHOUT putting up the SLIGHTEST FIGHT. GO BULLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Taylor Manes::I would love to have Alex Len or cody zeller on this team XD  Ben mclemore would be nice with jimmy, that way jimmy butler won't get all those minutes I know this will never happen....just saying ...
Taylor Manes::Ricardo Rick pleasent More championships than the Cavs 6 rings to how many exact?
Taylor Manes::I don't think I'm reading these stats right it says luol deng shot 2/11 while kyrie was 10/19 ..isint supposed to be the other way around . Is this real life?
George Chip Thayer::Embassasing for both teams.   Cleveland loses to a crap team trying to lose and bulls haven't figured out how to tank yet.
Steve Harvey::Tankings for losers, and who cares Bulls aren't getting a TOP pick in this draft anyway. To many bad NBA teams for that to happen.
Mario's GameShop::steve harvey, we will get a top pick, using the bobcats pick this year..so that'll help us out in this draft..bobcats are starting to suck back to reality..i want the bulls to trade for ben gordon, i was pssst when we allowed him to go off for nothing...
CJ Yambz::George Chip Thayer I didn't know a crap team trying to lose is over .500 and is number 5 in the conference.
Steve Carman::get Zeller off! he's pathetic! literally ruined the momentum for the cavs!
Tom Maliszewski::My question is how was D.J Augustin available off the street?  He's a top 10 PG right now
Jacob Hill::Bulls look good even after dealing Naz and Boozer. One need would be a big guy, preferably one who can shoot. Only big guy after top 10 but still in first round that looks good is Noah Vonleh out of Indiana (assuming he enters the draft this year). He's shooting over 50% on 3pt fg's and is a very good rebounder and defender. He's 6'10" with good jumping ability and a 7'4" wingspan. Only issue is he's projected 10-15 range. Bulls will probably get 18-22 pick. Only other big guy in the range is Willie Cauley Stein out of Kentucky who, put simply, doesn't look like a good basketball player. Big but can't play doesn't work. Ask Kwame Brown.
Mario's GameShop::JACOB HILL, WHEN DID THE BULLS DEAL NAZ AND BOOZER?? I MUST OF BEEN ASLEEP FOR A VERY LONG TIME, CUZ THIS HAS NEVER EVEN COME CLOSE TO HAPPENING..NAZ AND BOOZER ARE BOTH STILL A CHICAGO BULLS PLAYERS AND NEITHER WILL BE DEALT, BOOZER WONT BE HERE NEXT YEAR, BUT HES HERE FOR GOOD THIS SEASON...WHERE DO YOU BUY YOUR INFORMAGTION FROM?? MUST HAD BEEN ESPN..
David Zucker::I was at the game last night, and I've got to say watching this team is like watching a rec league team. No ball movement, no cutting to the basket, none of that. Almost every position was one pass and then a quick contested shot. Kyrie shows zero fight or leadership abilities and Mike Brown still can't coach.. Its starting to show why Cleveland couldn't win a championship under Mike Brown.
Jonah Swidan::Cavs are just not that good and I don't see any playoffs for them this year.   My predictions so far goes as the list says....agree?  disagree?  1 Pacers  2 Heat 3 Wizards (yes for real) 4 Raptors 5 Hawks (horford out will hurt) 6 Bulls 7 Bobcats (I see them being good and not fading for once) 8 Pistons (I don't see the Nets or Knicks getting any better, although the Nets are on a streak now but they will fade)
Taylor Manes::Um yep totally biased..
Jonah Swidan::Ok??   What would you change then?
Taylor Manes::1. Pacers 2·Heat 3Raptors 4·HAWKS 5·Bulls 6.wizards 7·Cleveland 8.pistons 9.bobcats
Matt Elmore::Why did Thompson take 14 shots?! See I really do not like the guy at all. The only reason he's relevant is because he's buddies with Kyrie. He's a much worse defender than what his athleticism would predict, he gets his shot blocked 50% of the time, and he can't shoot a lick. But yet he wants to fight with Waiters, who is the best offensive player on their team.
Steve Harvey::Next years Bulls lineup, if you have any other suggestions or lineups you can respond back Bulls fans  PG: Rose-Augustin  SG: Butler-Dunleavy  SF: ? = Possible Prized free Agent - Snell  PF: Taj - Mirotic? (Depending on if we bring him over from Europe)  C: Noah - Drafted CENTER in this years draft
Taylor Manes::I wish we could get Parker :( not going to happen...besides to get David stern attention to rig the draft since he feels sorry for teams who have lost superstars to free agency or out injured we would have to trade rose. AND THAT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!!!!
Prince Donald::dumbleavy constantly makes turnovers smh where the f is snell!!! thibs gets on my nerve sticking with guys... martin is even more solid on defense... dumbleavy is good at the 2(because of his height) not the 3 smh the onlly gripe outside of overly playing guys i have with thibs... DJ Augastine is a f-ing boss
Joshua Hsu::the bulls announcers have been talking about they run the shot clock down way too often and not get into their offense fast enough. If the announcers can see this, why hasn't thibadeau made the adjustment to just run a few seconds faster? terrible offense.
John Osaki Jr.::The Bulls might be in playoff contention without Derek Rose! Big-time Rose fans, check out his awesome chapter and projected ranking in the new book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Dean Hewitt::The Bulls are gong to get the two seed as Miami continues to fall with a bunch of old broken men with LeBron and Bosh.  They have a really weak schedule so far and lets see what happens in February.  I see the Heat maybe 10-10 and the Bulls go 16-4 and be right there.
Jay Zee::I do not know about that.  Even if that happens---those records---Heat still 2 games ahead of us.  However, getting the three seed a great possibility.
Jake Gilliland::Hated to see it against my "other team" the Cavs but the Bulls got the job done while under-manned as always. Augustine looking good running the show and putting it in...Fun game to watch
Jonathan Krishnan::Cavs will turn, Luol is that good. Cleveland should be glad that your team is making good acquisitions. When you guys have to bid for other FAs this year, you will be glad you have him as he makes you look legit.
Joshua Hsu::zeller, are you seriously an NBA basketball player?? what is your thought process on the majority of your touches? just awful decisions everywhere. CAVS, RUN ! PUSH THE PACE PLEASE!
Danny Stealinyochicken Caccioppo::DJ has been a pleasant surprise for Chicago. But I think he is the type of player who is expendable and will be used as trade bait. Yeah we are playing a lot better since he came and also since we traded Deng
