Chicago Is The Best Handsdown::DA BULLS!!!!!!
This_Guy1::We can take the Nets or Knicks easily. I'm worried about the Pacers. They match up against us in their favor. We have little chance to beat them.
geeman217::Bulls are not afraid of no one son...  #believedat
El Gran Chorizo::im not sure who i rather face in the 1st round, the nets or pacers,  should be good series either way,  bulls play real hard no matter who they face, just hope there offense gets going
blh7068::The D is good enough...but Noah has to play. He makes a difference on both ends.
trza49er23::Bulls aren't a bad team when halfway healthy.  Unfortunately.............well, you know.
victor5909::The Magic are straight GARBAGE
Rich Sizelove::Bulls fans... How does it feel to know we are going to be the reason Miami wins the east after we beat the Pacers and then Knicks for them before the ECFs
Roberto201204::http://youtu.be/kk3S25mIrAA EVEN SHANE BATTIER HAS TO ROSE AND APPLAUSE EPIC OVERTIME!!! LAST SEASON
This_Guy1::Shane Battier is the only likable guy on the Heat, though.....
Joey7478::Is there still a chance for Bulls to get the 5th seed?
blh7068::Yes. Bulls with one to play trail the Hawks( 2 games left) by a 1/2 game...and have the h2h tiebreaker.
Gooey83::boozer in with 4mins to go....thibs hasnt learned anything from rose injury.
DatGuy8921::You obviously werent watching the game because he played C for a lot of minutes this game.
Neil826::still doesn't make up for the dozen or so embarrassing bulls losses this year, including 1 to the magic recently.  losing to the spurs bench, detroit, bobcats, cavs, and suns are some of the worst losses of the year.   there's at least 5 more that i just dont remember at the moment.
trza49er23::lost to the raptors twice in 4 days just last week.
blh7068::They did beat Orland at home...by 1 point.  There are bad losses  every year...but I agree there seems to be more than what I would call normal.
hitz2::33 assists on 42 FG's didn't see the game but seems like the ball movement was on point.
kneegrow824::kobe will return before d rose will
Rmorrill85::clown
Neil826::maybe to rehab
Area55andG2::What's up Bulls fans? Looks like our 2 teams will be meeting in the playoffs. Should be a good series.
blh7068::If the Bulls win the season finale and the Hawks drop one of their last 2...Bulls get the 5 seed via the h2h tiebreaker.
JayCutlerMVP2009::Pacers?
Area55andG2::Indeed
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::Jimmy Butler was the leading rebounder wow..this kid just hustles and plays hard even if hes not scoring
greensilkdts::'preciate the minutes coach.  Jimmy butler
jmbean86::Gotta win our last 1. We do not want Indiana in 1st round.. Brooklyn please.
Rose MVP CHI::why not?  BEAT THE SLOPPY FACERS!
JrueRandallHoliday::Whoa, Bulls won a game... Orlando must've been on a win streak!
jlazar34::magic got a nice lil future
shawnthefan1::agreed so much youth and potential future certainly looks good for them.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Also, no way in HEEZIE the Cavs lose to the Bobcats &amp; miss out of Otto Porter.
riffralph16::FINALLY THE MAGIC NOW HAVE THE WORST RECORD IN THE NBA
riffralph16::I thought whoever won more games in the season series gets a higher spot in the standings
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Naw, that would be "rewarding losing" Its a coin flip if they finish with identical records.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Its a tie. It will come down to a coin flip if they finish with identical records.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Still can't believe the Bobcats randomly won two games.  Jordan has something up his sleeve. I think he's been talking to Stern.
Kit Ramsey::Why is Taj and Noah back so soon? If those guys get hurt again before the playoffs, someone has to be fired.
BruceLee-roy1::Daaaa Bulls!
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version7.0::LEZ GO DODGERS LEZ GO
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version7.0::WE WIN WE WIN WE WIN
tigel18::Vlad would have went for 30...
Rose will be Finals MVP::No matter if Rose comes back or not the Bulls will be a force to be reckoned with!!
J Rajjj::Do I sense a little fear factor???
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>The bulls are Crap and will be ELIMINATED in the first round! FACT!</b>
AlexSaidThis::Boozer vs Barfbagoroni prt XXII.  Boozer 22, Barfbagoroni 0.
jimmygbuckets::Is it official that D.Rose is not going to play in the playoffs?
Jordan8w::oh. then it just comes down to how he feels. hopefully he comes back in the playoffs cause i dont think we can beat the heat in the playoffs without him, but personally i think he should just wait til next year. it would be dumb for him to try and shake off the rust in a playoff series thats 5x more intense than a regular season game. especially if we play the pacers in the 1st round
Rose will be Finals MVP::No cause actually he stated he would come back for the playoffs
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::I still don't think he is coming back and he has been going back and forth all year. Just tell the fans whether or not you are coming back. I am tired of all the stories
Rose will be Finals MVP::Kobes_been_bricking_since_96 - Quit getting our hopes up troll  I'm no troll and I wouldn't have said that if I didn't hear about the statement
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Quit getting our hopes up troll
Rose will be Finals MVP::Jordan8w - when? is there a link for this statement?  No but when asked a week ago he said he would come back for the playoffs if he was 100% ready and I really believe he will
Orlando_Magic_O_town_swag::A little late for April fools.
Jordan8w::when? is there a link for this statement?
surfzone365::Ok fellow Bulls fans...great game, good win, be safe, God bless, good night! Go Bulls!!!  Off to the Hawks board to cheer them on for the 3rd period!
Rose will be Finals MVP::Good news for the Bulls is they normally play horrible against bad teams and lose but play the best they can against good teams and that is all that matters when playoffs start, no more bad teams to face!!
jpv2345::ok, since Drose wants to play games we can make the news for him. Drose not playing till next season!!!! Thank you Drose for letting us all know what you and TEAM knew months ago! Just so disappointed.....I really hope you find your DRIVE, PASSION, and BELIEF while you count your 16 million you made this year! As for the rest of the Bulls nice to see everyone back lets stay healthy and prove the whole world wrong! GO BULLS!!!
surfzone365::Take a deep breath, and just chill.  D Rose knows what he's doing. If he's still not feeling it, let him comeback when ready. Go Bulls
Rose will be Finals MVP::It's not about the money it's about him getting back to where he thinks he can be at his best and that is all!!
jpv2345::If you believe that then you need to smoke what DROSE is smoking.....
Jordan8w::man feels good to actually beat teams under .500 again.
Navy Squid45::Haha fail
Jordan8w::fail at what?
DBrownDrose::magic=major fail
surfzone365::I just cant wait to see a full healthy team again for once...if thats next year, fine.
surfzone365::agreed...glad for Noah.  He is a difference maker
Jordan8w::i know. it was good to see everyone play tonight even if rose is out. tired of half the team bein on the injured list
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Vuc hasn't even fully filled out his frame. Scary to see what this kid will do in 2-3yrs when he's fully developed &amp; gains muscle.
Navy Squid45::He's like a Q Tip
surfzone365::turrrrrible man, just turrrrible...  Chuck Barkley
DBrownDrose::nick friedell you d.ouchbag lol
boudz::Why you say that? lol
surfzone365::Goal!!  2-0 Hawks!! ;)
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::JV needs to get Nicholson on some PEDS.
Navy Squid45::Stay classy bulls fans
Rose MVP CHI::you guys are the worst team in the NBA  it will not change that quickly
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Ok. Now go away.
ChiTown3452::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PP4RT-vv-o
Rose MVP CHI::This draft sucks bad  Trey Burke will be the only player alongside McLemore who will do some damage
Navy Squid45::Marcus smart?
BenGorashchenko::........ :)
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Bwhahahahahah! Trey?  But yeah after the 2nd pick, its weak.
BenGorashchenko::niki minaj "$@%!$@% say !$@% but they aint do nothin, a hundred heat fans cant tell me nothin, We chicago bullllssssssssss  "bees in the trap parody fail"
Rose will be Finals MVP::Everyone say a prayer for all the injured in the Boston bombings, there was many children injured and 1 eight year old was killed and a 2 year old has serious head injuries so it was actually a sad situation...
DribbleDrive01::While you pray, please remember the innocents killed by drone strikes in afghanistan as well..
Rose will be Finals MVP::Only focused on today's bombings and you should be as well no offense
surfzone365::Already done...thats a bad scene there
pride4jc1222::Bulls (44-37, 21-20 away) Magic (20-61, 12-29 home)
Navy Squid45::No way!!
chris johnson 558::thank you mr obvious
ChiTown3452::I know what losing feels like, been a Cubs fan my whole life
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::We were in the playoffs 8years prior so we can't feel your pain.
Elton7323::nah ive meant cleveland fans worse than u :)
Sean88142::True, people still visit Chicago, despite the losing.
Flying Through Madison Street::..
chris johnson 558::wow noris cole almost got a triple double i like this kid
Kit Ramsey::Please, he stinks.
surfzone365::Good luck Magic fans going forward....i dont believe in kicking a team while they are down.  i hope you guys get competitive again soon!
DribbleDrive01::The NBA was always better when Orlando was good.  #Penny Hardaway
chris johnson 558::gl for you
Navy Squid45::Magic fans are we done trading? cuz I think  we've had too much if it
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::I think Big Baby &amp; Afflalo might be on the move.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::I hope Henny drafts Noel &amp; he's plays great.  I will remind you loser fans EVERYDAY how much you ck &amp; were wrong.  You'll need a new account.
BenGorashchenko::as the game comes to a close, who would mind to give me  thumbs up? thank you for your 3 seconds of time
BenGorashchenko::lol
DatGuy8921::I gave you one because you are polite good sir.
Pepsolman::Go Bulls.
