Zag593::I was about to say Lillard really didn't play well, but he really shut Deron Williams down!
ADLA4LIFE::It amazes me that the first half score , Blazer 'fans' blame their team 'tanking' their effort when they attempted to score with the Nets effort but couldn't because of the Nets cutting their angles [dare i say D] to score easily.
muncieplumbers::I was bummed the Clips let the hardest working man in the NBA go after last season.  Brooklyn, you got a steal in Reggie Evans  Clips sure could use a guy like that
amiller244::How do you let ANYONE get 12 offensive rebounds? That's just flat out pathetic effort by the Blazers. And while our "power" forward has a whole whopping 4 rebounds total and lets Reggie Evans (4.2 ppg) get 22 points? Can we just end this season, get our lottery pick and start building a team that can make the playoffs and contend?
Johnny Funtimes::Good one Portland!
RNYC_125::Nets are hot garbage
UNCHeels725.::^No surprise that a Knick fan is trolling a Nets board.
Johnnymac5355::Great win !!!!   For all the Nets haters...... This team is made for the playoffs and they are peaking at the right time. If we get JJ back playing like he did before he got hurt........we will surprise!!!!!
Kobelies247::No team with as much drama as the nets have is made for the playoffs LOL
Stone_Cold96::Good win for the Nets and a great game by Evans, just taking over on the boards and getting his points. 12 Offensive Rebounds helped alot to keep extra possesions, and 14 Defensive helped the Blazers get 2nd chances. Now, to get rested for Fridays showdown against Denver. That'll be a fun game, lets go Nets :D
Kobelies247::Always next season Blazers!  And the next  And the next  And the next
sworthin117::Gosh darn right!  Kobelies knows how time works
nomorten::Once again the first quarter is the Blazers down fall. If they could figure out how to start a game the way they play later on they would be doing fine.
DBrownDrose::damn blazers
sp0rtsjunk1e::this game ended as soon as the ball tipped off. way to go nets
jrtall3n7::I think Portland won the tip at least. Something to build on.
Zarlbane28::The game ended in the blazers locker room, when they decided to tank this game.
Kobelies247::4 rebounds huh? LOL!!!!  Pathetic
MattN1013::LA rolled his ankle early on and was limping the entire game. It's a little hard to get rebounds with one leg
Porkchop8920::Then Hickson should've had more than 7...
Kobe24 is Monta Ellis Without Phil and Shaq::anyone who thinks the East is even remotely close to the West, minus the Heat, is, like, dumb, and stuff
ciorizzo::So what's your point ? West has better teams. Who cares ?
KMartKidd56::The East will likely have the world champs, again.
Kobe24 is Monta Ellis Without Phil and Shaq::When you have the most dominant all around player the world has ever seen, and dwayne wade who is as good if not better than Kobe because of defensive skills, winning a championship seems likely
Mets2410::Reggie's like what now LeBron?
159Yanks::Is that troll gone now? Thank goodness
djny2k12::My prediction for Nets with their remaining games: (7-4) would put them to finish at 49-33. I am giving them a loss for all teams above .500  Denver - Loss Utah - Win Cleveland - Win Chicago - Loss Charlotte - Win Philadelphia - Win Boston - Loss Indiana - Loss Toronto - Win Washington - Win Detroit - Win
whatsanoa::If we play the wiz at home, they will win(wiz). We can beat boston. Based off inconsistent play, we might lose to the Cavs. I predicted 48 wins at most, 45 wins the least for the Nets. I'm hoping they do better though :D
djny2k12::Just trying to be pessimistic and be very objective....Celtics, Pacers or Bulls are all winnable games
Thedevil25::How is Boston a loss as well.  They have no one left playing
Thedevil25::chicago game is home.  how is that a loss
159Yanks::I think we can beat Boston and Indiana. We've pretty successful against Indiana so far
Mickdellahyjack::Stotts says "discouraging" start of the game, and says he has no explanation. "For whatever reason, we just weren't there"  Becasue you are a bum coach and didn't prepare your team right fool
BigLeagueCiu::Reggie Evans?
WINNERSALLDAY48::u couldnt kick a cowssss assss u loser go die in hell u typical guinea yankee fan u fuckkkking loser of life go die in hell fool u have no point of living
WINNERSALLDAY48::u couldnt kick a cowssss assss u loser go die in hell u typical guinea yankee fan u fuckkkking loser of life go die in hell fool u have no point of living
Thedevil25::winnersallday46  can we be friends?  yes or no. God
159Yanks::He has no life. I dont know what his problem is
159Yanks::He wont get any by making comments like these
Thedevil25::he just needs a friend
159Yanks::Not with the things he is posting. Who tells somebody to go die
Thedevil25::it's just friendship
winnersallday46::u couldnt kick a cowssss assss u loser go die in hell u typical guinea yankee fan u fuckkkking loser of life go die in hell fool u have no point of living
winnersallday46::u couldnt kick a cowssss assss u loser go die in hell u typical guinea yankee fan u fuckkkking loser of life go die in hell fool u have no point of living
winnersallday46::u couldnt kick a cowssss assss u loser go die in hell u typical guinea yankee fan u fuckkkking loser of life go die in hell fool u have no point of living
winnersallday46::u couldnt kick a cowssss assss u loser go die in hell u typical guinea yankee fan u fuckkkking loser of life go die in hell fool u have no point of living  to yanks159
Mickdellahyjack::As for the Blazers players......................................embarassing effort!!!!!! Their starters were outrebounded by one man. Thisgame was over at the end of the first quarter when the rebound count was 20 to 3. They should hang their heads in shame........Thats not being outplayed...thats not caring, not making an effort, not bringing the right energy.................. The whole team and coaching staff need to answer for that effort..........20 to 3 on the boards to start the match and you trail by 20 points at quarter time...........rubbish !!!!  If I was a paying fan in that arena tonight you would not see my green again this season
ugkb1978::Evans had the Spider-Man grip on the rock...added bonus that he drop 20+ pts
BJSaxMan93::I really hope the Nets grab the 3 seed from the Knicks. 4th Seed gets the Heat in the 2nd round...
KMartKidd56::True but you have to go through Miami eventually.
BJSaxMan93::I'd rather see them in the ECF
Porkchop8920::hopefully in the ECF
Chrisp722_NY2::My Knicks are rolling right now so should be a fun finish to the season to see who wins the atlantic.   At least Boston ain't winning it for once lol
BJSaxMan93::yea true
KMartKidd56::BROOOOOOOK-LYYYYYYYYNNN  Home court advantage in the playoffs baby!
Ill-Blaze::lolol @ being happy with your team haveing a semi decent season..... the reason I say semi decent is cause your record with the conference your in should be way better then it is with the talent you got
ckonas::have fun on the golf courses
ciorizzo::Definition of a hater in pure form
KMartKidd56::While your team is golfing, I'll be sitting in my luxurious seat at Barclays Center enjoying the playoffs.
KMartKidd56::Your team sucks man. Get over it.
Chrisp722_NY2::Heat, Bulls, Knicks, Nets have all shown they can play well against the west
winnersallday46::go die 159yanks u have NO point of living life u loser
159Yanks::Why dont you just leave this board right now. You are not welcome here
159Yanks::I think you have mental problems. You need to see a doctor or something
winnersallday46::ur a $@%!$@% loser of life u couldnt beat up a cow u fool typical guinea yankee fan u loser go die in hell u fool u have no point of living
159Yanks::I would kick your a ss
winnersallday46::when the devils win the cup this year o ya they wont so never go die u fool
Porkchop8920::most of us don't like the Devils..
Thedevil25::i can't die until we are friends
Thedevil25::can we be friends though
Mickdellahyjack::How can you expect the Blazers to believe in themselves when even the coach doesn't. His bench brinsg his team back into the game with an 11-0 run so they are only down by 14 with 6 minutes to go. Brooklyn put back in all their starters, Portland continue with their bench....Portland hit one more basket for the match. Surely the starters come back in and play with some pride after their bench has hauled them back into the match. Its called team-work, momentum, building of each others efforts etc.  Now the starters feel $@%!, the bench feel $@%!....and they carry that into the next game. What a $@%!$@% idiot !!!
jjc1993::Winning record!!!!111!!1!1!one
CarBoNz815::Some idiot in here thinks the Nets are a first round exit, lol you're a fool sit down. If the nets get a 3rd or 2nd seed they're making it to the ECF.  BROOOOKLYNNNN!
CarBoNz815::The Knicks aren't "hot" they beat the raptors twice on this streak, the magic, and a depleted celtics team. My grandma and 4 monkeys could win that, lol the knicks suck
Ill-Blaze::I wouldn't doubt it theres only really 4 or 5 teams that even have a chance in the east anywaya wtf happened to competitve teams in the east?
AmareRax::They aren't getting the 3rd seed. The Knicks are too hot right now
AmareRax::oh my bad!! in that case, it should be close, nets are rolling right now
Porkchop8920::no they just have to be top 4 i think
AmareRax::don't division winners get the top 3 seeds? Not hating just thought that's how it went
KMartKidd56::So they can't pass the Pacers? Nets are 2 back of Indiana who has a brutal schedule.
Porkchop8920::Nets are 4-1 on their 8 game road trip so far
winnersallday46::btw yankees suck coming in last place this year
joe kj2::My bowel movement sounds have more credibility than @Winnersallday46's posting.
djny2k12::Aah how typical of fans when their team loses....their true intelligence really shines.
BJSaxMan93::In my book, it's ok to have a down year when you have 27 championships
winnersallday46::go die u fool devils suck u fool
Thedevil25::but wait, i want to be friends
Thedevil25::there you go now moron.  take it out on the Yankees who have nothing to do with this.  keep trying though
Kobe24 is Monta Ellis Without Phil and Shaq::Reggie Evans is averaging 10.7 REB/game  Hickson is averaging 10.8 REB/Game  West &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; East = fact. One game. Sometimes the blind mouse finds the cheese.
CarBoNz815::uhm the celtics suck how do they have a chance aganist anyone? wanna talk about first round exit, probably the celtics.
Porkchop8920::Reggie does that in 23 min a game
djny2k12::Reggie Evans became a starter much later in the season.....his rebs per 48 mins. is tops in the NBA. He was putting up these numbers off the bench for half of the season.
gt1master_ike::West &gt; East but that is only because the bottom of the East is pure sheet.
Porkchop8920::Nets have beaten the Nuggets too
AmareRax::lol have you seen the Knicks or Nets play lately and they are both missing stars. To put BOSTONLOL and a depleted Bulls team in there is comical
Chrisp722_NY2::Knicks beat Spurs twice, Memphis, and Nuggets.
Porkchop8920::The Nets have beaten LAC and OKC (road) by double digits this season
Kobe24 is Monta Ellis Without Phil and Shaq::anyone not named the bulls, heat, and celtics has no chance against west teams. Really only the bulls and heat have a chance against san antonio. And really only the Heat. But then only San Antonio has a chance against the Heat.
krazb79::I'm a die Hard Nets fan for nearly 2 minutes now!!
mikeyjm1412::ball so hard my hairline cannot find it...
159Yanks::And guess who we get to play after finishing this road trip. The Chicago Bulls. Yep. That is our reward
Mets2410::awesome win Nets. as for Reggie, there are no words I can say about his performance that wouldn't be understating his awesomeness.
winnersallday46::nets suck
159Yanks::You just dont tell somebody to die you 12 year old child
winnersallday46::btw  yankees suck u fool go die yanks159 u loser of life
159Yanks::You wanna fight? I would kick your as s
159Yanks::Why dont you go die internet tough guy
winnersallday46::go die u fool u have no point of living life
Ill-Blaze::well 42 wins in 5 team conference isn't really that great though
winnersallday46::go die all of u
Thedevil25::you need a hug
BJSaxMan93::are your feelings hurt?
Lirim24::I don't know, not a Nets fan, but they def. look good-- 5-1 on the road trip, and kept it close with Clippers... 42 wins on pace for close to 50, so that's good
winnersallday46::go die all of u losers hahaha thinking the nets r going somewhere go die all u 4 idiots
Thedevil25::awwww.  what's the matter sweety.  you mad.  it's ok little baby
Porkchop8920::says the guy trolling an ESPN board at 1 am
BJSaxMan93::did you like your own comment?
BJSaxMan93::Yea I know 42 wins, already clinched a playoff spot. Truly a terrible team
Thedevil25::42 wins suck.  at least think before you comment moron
winnersallday46::go die u fool devils suck u idiot
Porkchop8920::good timing
Rezo201::42 wins
winnersallday46::go die rezo u loser
MoneyBloxx45::wow....so close....over 96.5 2H $
winnersallday46::wat was 2h line?
159Yanks::Nets win. 4-1 on this road trip. Pretty successful road trip.
EspnHead21::Good road win for BK but this is not a Championship caliber team. They will struggle in the Playoffs.......I promise you that. 111-93 BK WINS HUGE IN RIP CITY. IT'S NOT GOING TO BE THAT EASY IN THE PLAYOFFS! IT'S NOT GOING TO BE THAT EASY IN THE PLAYOFFS BK. RELISH THIS WIN. GO HOME. TAKE A SHOWER. PLAY OUT THE REST OF THE SEASON. FIRST ROUND OF THE EASTERN CONFERENCE PLAYOFFS, I DON'T WHO YOU PLAY. YOU'RE GETTING GOT! #BELIEVEDAT.
Porkchop8920::STOP TROLLING!!!!!!!!! They'd beat ATL, IND, BOS, and MIL, and maybe even NYK or CHI
IversonDaGreatest3::Duncan at 36 can grab more boards than these young big men on the trailblazers sad smh lol....
Neil826::you know you're bad when you make the nets look good.
rmc1211::nets are 42-29....pretty solid team
Thedevil25::you just shouldn't comment anymore.  sound stupid
Porkchop8920::about to be 13 over .500
gt1master_ike::Reggie Evans ; 26 rebounds Blazer starters: 22 rebounds Thats game
Little Bo Peep 7.0::The Portland $@%!$ Blazers
Thedevil25::Great win baby.  on to Denver
winnersallday46::wat was the 2 half line
Mickdellahyjack::7.5
