it is what it is::Why didn't Oden play?  He has played a total of 8 minutes (one game).  If he doesn't start playing soon and building up his minutes and stamina, they wasted their money on him (like most people predicted they did).  His knees have always been "shot" and now Wade isn't too far behind him.  No matter how great your skills are or how much your mind "thinks" it can still do things, at some point in time the body starts to let you down.  It has happened to many players in many sports through the generations.  One thing that NO ONE can dispute is age.  At some point you have to face the undisputed fact:  the Heat are old and getting older.  10+ years in the NBA is a TON of "mileage" on a body.  The Heat have 10 players on their roster with 10+ years.  Now you know why they lose games to sub .500 teams.  They can't play at 100% for an entire game any more and their minds fool them into thinking they only need to play at 75% and still win.  And this is no slam on the Heat.  It's just a fact of life.
Lightning Strikes::Your not so smart now are you??? Matter fact, your an IDIOT... The Heat, not even close yet... But at least team in the NBA did not buy there rings like the Heat did, and that's another fact!
Elliott::You guys just need to get over the fact that the Miami Heat are the GREATEST Team in the History of the NBA !  Y'all waste so much time trying to criticize them or find a fault with them or predict their demise when you should be sitting back relaxing and enjoying watching Basketball History !  This team when they are on their game and playing well are a thing of beauty !  The ally-oops between Wade and James are the things of artwork and poetry !  Lose the hate and embrace a true professional sports thing of beauty !  Really guys !
Ray::Game would have been a little more competative if the 76ers would have shot more than 5% from 3 point land.
Satisfied::The sixers defense is the worst I have seen all season. What uptempo offensive team has won an NBA championship in the past 25 years?  Maybe Dallas, but even they played D the year they won
Dennis::Beating a team with only thirteen wins is about right for the heat.Thank God for the Eastern Conference.
WhoseWho::It would be hysterical if all  the 6ers LeBroned each other during warm ups.
Heat-Dolphins-Marlins::I see people are starting to come and "foreshadowing" HEAT's demise. We're too old", "It's Pacers', Spurs', Knicks', or whatever, year". Do you understand that we're trying to reach the finals 4 STRAIGHT times? Our level of intensity in January is not the same as Pacers', Spurs', or whatever. Those teams didn't play 100+ games for 3 years straight. So, the HEAT should burn themselves out just to prove something? Back-to-back is not enough, I guess. The HEAT could sit their starters for the remaining season and get the 7th spot and I wouldn't bat an eye. I hope to year from you guys in June. And this time, say something nice and something like "the refs cheated, this ring doesn't count either". GTFO with that b00lsh1t!
davidson::Why are the 76ers allowed to compete in the NBA ?   All members of the 76ers are YMCA caliber players, Not pro`s. They truly are awful and painful to watch.
