cjax34::Shved 1-11 2 pts = not very good
cjax34::Lol stupid Minnesota fans and their cat profiles- I told you your teams are average
minny snowta::i agree with the 1st part, MOST of the cat idiots are uneducated and probably only liked the wolves since love came here.
schuma01::Love totally sucks right now and his attitude when he plays is horrible.  I realize his hand is messed up now so please dont come back until it is fixed.  That being said Williams should get more playing time.  He is showing a great sense of urgency when he is out there and giving everthing he has.  He is shaky at times but the effort and improvment are there.
Pusha Tonn:::(
ryanbard123::Trying to figure out why Minn fans are knocking on Love.  Is it his attitude lately?  His injury issues?  Something about his play?  Further, not that I would necessarily suggest this, but how many Minnesota fans would be up for a straight up LaMarcus for Love trade?  Just curious...
12 Percy Starvin 12::Right here.
kmarsh6969::i hate kevin whine love
Rip City Forever::You'd hate him even more if you grew up in lake Oswego Oregon lol
bradwinsall::we will get to see whether or not the team is better or worse with love. i myself have hated on him alot the past few weeks. i'm guessing less then 20 games total played the rest of the year between him and rubio including playoffs which is a pipe dream at this point.
Rip City Forever::You seem like a smart non offensive minny fan. Have you ever thought the wolves would be better off without him?
127decibels::Portland will be targetting FAs the next 2-3 years with a ton of cap space. May I suggest...  Pecovik Williams Barea Cunningham  And no, payback isn't even on my mind. :)
ryanbard123::We've already had our time with Cunningham- good guy, but no place for him on the roster anymore.  Pecovik is a beast!  That's the second time I've seen him play... he looks like Shaq out there... not as athletic, but he sure knows how to clear space.  Barea just needs more elbows to the face like the one Ronny Price delivered tonight... one of those guys I suppose you love him if he's on your team but you hate him if he's not.  I, for one, hate the dude.
bradwinsall::take them, they might have a chance for a successful season on your squad, not doomed to failure
127decibels::And I'm kidding, of course. But those guys would do well in any system.
bradwinsall::im not $@%!$@%! on the blazers at all. i don't mind your team. i like the combo of Mathews batum LMA and Lillar (ROY fur sho), and imagine if Oden didn't have aids?!?!. but I'm a die hard wolves fan, since 89 btw, no joking. so this season has been RIDICULOUSLY painful to watch. I don't want to buy in to the curse thing but it just never even gets tolerable for this team. we cannot and will never be healthy and get the chance to see what this team can do. i have personally been blowing up love on these forums cuz of his incredibly lackluster play, but now with him re-breaking his finger, this team is just done for. painful to watch what could have been really exciting turn in to unwatchable dogsh.it. waste of a potentially great season.  - disgruntled wolves fan
apodpora12::How did the Blazers lose to Toronto on this road trip...?
jaydubsud::I know Toronto is just across a couple of lakes from you guys but that's a pretty long journey from Portland --&gt; New York --&gt; Toronto and only in a few hours...and they were on a streak at the time. But they crushed us, so no excuse is really going to ring true and is merely complaining.
bradwinsall::Raptors significantly better team then the wolves. when we played em they won by 70 something.
127decibels::They had won 8 of 9. When you play a hot team on the road, it's tough.
sk0dawgs::cant win em all... toronto is playin well as of late
ThinYellowLine::Blazers have a good five.  Couple of more playas and you Wolves would be toast.  Just kidding.  I don't know anything about B ball.
csallstar11::Remember when I said people who suffer serious injuries are prone to getting reinjured and all you wolves fans got pissed off...well look at your team now and tell me i was wrong
bradwinsall::this team will never at any point be fully healthy and play together, not even 1 game over then next 2-3 years. guarantee not 1 solitary single game.
amiller244::How about that...the Blazers lose to by far the worst team on this road trip (Toronto) then beat everyone else including NY and Memphis. It's still early but if we can keep playing respectably on the road and keep dominating at the Rose Garden we could seriously be thinking playoffs for this young squad. Never would have thought it with the rebuilding project going on. If we stay close to .500 or better by the all star break we have to think of picking up a few bench guys at the trade deadline. The bench has been the weakest link by far.
relentlessind127::Maybe Adelman will get his head out of his $@% and start playing D-Will 30 minutes a game like he should be.  Starting to really bother me .  The bad luck this team has though is remarkable i have never seen anything like it in sports as far as injuries after 2 months into a season.
tcthebeast::how about oden and roy?   With Lamarcus that would have been the REAL big 3
amiller244::I agree. I don't see why they play him more and see what he's really got before throwing him on the trade block 2 years after drafting him 2nd overall.
LaMarcus Aldridge::PDX!!!  :-D
jank6708::twolves are f__king snakebite
U-Bomb::As a Portland fan, I still have to say sorry to hear about Love. Your guys' team is still one the few other teams I want to see win. Hope you guys get health and get back to winning.
tcthebeast::he plays no defense though
56grandemac::shut up! When he goes 20 and 20 aint nobody throwing darts at KL. Get well soon, NBA needs him.
sk0dawgs::whining d bags? the nba needs whining d bags?
Rip City Forever::Dude kevin love is a d bag! I feel for Minnesota but I hate Kevin love. Known him since his high school days, kawk sucker he is!
ozman80::KLove injured/DL = DWilliams needs to step into leadership role! We need big things from DWill if we an to make a run. He needs to basically become all-star worthy for this sh to stay afloat! Trade Love to Washington for a handful of 1st rounders and let home cry for a bigger loser.
applegram613::i wasnt watching the game can someone tell me why pecovik only played 22 minutes if he was so dominant?
applegram613::thanks
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Hip.
BaySports226::Holy hell that Warriors/Clippers game is out of hand.  Mercy rule.
WTDOregonDucks::Can you say road warriors  Go Blazers
csallstar11::Slow board tonight...guess AP wasnt able to play like an MVP when it mattered most
nomorten::can't blame that loss on Peterson. Having Webb come in and run the offense after not passing the ball all season was the problem.
log jamming::Kevin Love is a pus.sy
56grandemac::Trade him to Portland. Hometown boy could help kick some timberwolve bootie!
sk0dawgs::no thanks
Will Conroy.::So are you.
csallstar11::Sucky night to be a Minny fan...but you guys didnt really think you could win a playoff game did you????
Will Conroy.::You mad you lost to the Wolves? Haha
csallstar11::Nope...check our record, then check yours
timberwolves guy::I saw the game and I gotta say, for not having Love, Rubio, or Pek after the 3rd, it was a really good game.
ryanbard123::Injured his hip
prizah::did Pek get injured?
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::The 4th qtr. for the Blazers left me SMH.
Kobelies247::Atleast the Clippers beat teams with all their best players~!  Portland beats a loveless Wolves team by 5....
bshowers79::Said it before and I'll say it again, Kobelies has had vendetta against the city of Portland ever since (now former) Mayor Sam Adams didn't give into his advances. Kinda sad.
nomorten::tired troll should take a long nap.
sk0dawgs::oh is bogut back? nahhhh
DakWolves1::dude we've lost to teams like the bobcats and mav all year long...this team is just not that good
1955oriolesforever::Kevin Love broke his hand. Now the only reason I have to look at the NBA is to see if the Gay lakers and the Miami announcement  got beat. Maybe next year Kevin will have that 40 rebound game.
__sohum___::wow the refs treat blake griffin like a baby blonde girl
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::There must be wind inside the Staples Center...  That only Blake Griffin can feel.
.Raymond Felton.::Kevin Love is a cancer
56grandemac::Glad to see RF elsewhere.......Talk about cancer. All you boys last year thought you were bigger then the team. Lillard will go onto an awesome career and you were a has been.
Beaver Believer17::Raymond u were the biggest disappointed last year
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::ROFL!  I love this SN and avatar!
.Raymond Felton.::Love you too Lillard &lt;3
Kobelies247::54-31
sk0dawgs::rough estimate of blow jobs you've given?
DakWolves1::Timberwolves next offseason need to include  1-trade Kevin Love for 2 lotto picks and get his $@% the hell out of here 2- resign Pek, keep our core (Rubio/Pek/Shved/Williams) 3-Fire David !$@%!$@ Kahn 4-bring in someone that can evaluate talent and has an idea to what he is doing to draft a 2 and 3
Will Conroy.::As much as I like Williams please don't say core with him. You want Love traded for lotto picks then any chance Wolves had at doing anything in playoffs are gone and then even further, if one of those lotto picks turns out good that wouldn't be for a few years and they possibly would bail ship. Goodluck.
DakWolves1::not to mention we've been winning games without love! if anything he is losing us more games than helping with his terrible production, his trade value will NOT get any higher and he is not a game changer by any means
DakWolves1::...and getting a 6th-8th seed in the playoffs year in and year out until Love leaves us anyway... with no lotto picks and drafting in the 20's and no one is gonna come to Minne as a free agent, we need to get picks and someone that knows how to draft and not spend 3 first rounders on PG and trade away the best of them thus far ...this team is not built to win a championship and I don't care about playoffs....I want WCF or Finals and right now its not gonna happen with Durant in his prime and the Clippers in their prime....we need to build for 3-4 years from now
__sohum___::any1 wana watch the warriors game and stay on this board?
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Nah. Watching blow-out games is like watching a Tyler Perry movie.
sk0dawgs::is it on national tv
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::It amazes me how the T-Wolves have so many injuries. We know your pain. Frail Blazers was a bad era. LaFrentz, Miles, Roy, Oden, Pryzbilla, ect...  It also amazes me how this Blazers team statistically should be nowhere near .500. This team is like last year's Baltimore Orioles.
sk0dawgs::remember when pryzbilla tore his acl and then re tore it slipping in the shower. that was the pinnacle of that era
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::That year was awful.
__sohum___::u guys dont have the best stats either....LOL both just play kinda scrappy
Will Conroy.::Wolves have some scrappers. They would be nowhere without AK47
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Good pick-up. If he we're younger, you guys probably could use him as a core piece for a long time.
__sohum___::k the only teams i hate in our divison are utah and denver..
jaydubsud::Seriously.  I'd throw rocks at you.  I used to have both a "Huck the Fuskies" T-shirt and a "My Two Favorite teams are the Ducks and whoever is playing the Huskies" T-shirt when in high school.
ryanbard123::Yeah, that is disgusting.
sk0dawgs::i hate that OKC fans have never been through any tough times with their team. they just got a team that was good. bbsssss
amiller244::Just a question, how can you be a UW fan and an Oregon fan? Isn't that illegal?
Will Conroy.::As good as D-will has been lately, it still amazes me how often he gets his shot blocked.
Will Conroy.::Shved Shveded himself.
Wolves Have Zero Talent::Bet you portland fans are laughing at our team. We have no talent and a grim future.
Julian Miller::oh... if you see a possum, try to kill it. it's not a pet
sk0dawgs::that movie is too dam funny
Julian Miller::"right there up on the wall"
sk0dawgs::everybody was loving everybody actually
mdr2855::Nah, we're stoked for a road win though...
49ersGoat::Troll alert?
mdr2855::Go Blazers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
49ersGoat::Warriors getting back into the game... sort of
sk0dawgs::wolves dancers are babes
Will Conroy.::Mmmm like Apple Pie.
__sohum___::dude u have a negative PER
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Had JJ Barea shot instead of passed, we could've had a different outcome...
__sohum___::could ofs dont matter...we lost fair and square
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::But still, Blazers almost didn't deserve it after that 4th qtr.
Will Conroy.::If this doesn't get Derek more minutes nothing will.
dlhouse18::Wow he was a beast!! DWill&gt;Love
Will Conroy.::LMAO
serge i block ya::the skill level between the starters and bench of the blazers is too big. we need a stronger bench.
sk0dawgs::yep.
BaySports226::Yep.
dlhouse18::WOLVES AND GOPHERS BABY!!!!!!!!!!!
__sohum___::k so Dwill is better then love...its been established....so what are some good trades
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::KG, Bosh, or Amar'e?
Will Conroy.::You are a fool.
49ersGoat::Blazers offer Ronnie Price and Joel Freeland
BaySports226::That much?
BaySports226::Pau Gasol
dlhouse18::GG Portland. Expect Minnesota fans to be more dedicated now!!
BaySports226::Crack and Point Guards, that's what Oakland does.
bshowers79::Haha, pretty good all around music scene as well (both rap AND punk)
dlhouse18::Steimsma is one of the worst centers in the league Pek is a top 5 center  Big difference!!
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Bad day for Portland fans.  Golden State laid an egg against the Clippers. 35-12 at the end of the 1st.  Kobelies247 will be here all night... :(
dlhouse18::Wolves lost bc no Pek.
