Jeff_ Teague::The Pistons couldn't stop me.
Atlanta---I-75::lol@a Detroit fan bringing up the NFL Period......Lions have one decent year and all is forgotten I suppose. 0-16 garbage
313titans::For a team many "experts" did not even have them winning 21 games this season, they are doing great. The pistons will improve and hopefully be a contender within a couple of years. Stupid big market small market game being ran will never make anyone want to come to Detroit.,
trademarktaz::Ugh, I hate the down years for the Pistons. We actually have Hawks fans on here trash talking us, HAWKS FANS. They're the Jacksonville Jaguars of the NBA.
Atlanta---I-75::So the Jags have made the playoffs 4 years in a row, advancing pass their first playoff opponent 3 of those years, and play in a top 10 sized market? Dumb comparison. Detroit and Michigan is a DUMP, thats why Georgia just passed Michigan in population this year. Nobody wants to live in that trash place.
Atlanta---I-75::Teague went for 20+ in 3 games in the hawks-bulls playoffs series in a situation where he was just thrown into the lineup because of injuries against one of the top 3 defenses in the NBA. The guy can score. He needs to stay aggressive.
dgreen978::When Jeff Teague is aggressive like that, the hawks are a different team.  For the life of me, I can not understand why he is not in attack more all the time.  Yes I know the NBA is bias against the hawks and all but and I also know he doesn't want to get hurt but it is about to be the playoffs.  When he attacks, that takes pressure off Joe Johnson and Josh Smith and they can do their thing.  Let Horford come back and he is in attack mode, the hawks team will be scary as hell  for anybody to play period.  Teague can be a top 5 point if he so desired but he has to attack; hell, if all the hawks attack the boards and not let ZaZa be the only one left to rebound...It is good we have Ivan Johnson but like C. Barkley said, atlanta have nice players but at times, they are just too nice.  Play within the confines of the offense but be aggressive...Miami and Chicago can not handle the hawks when they are in attack mode; not very many teams can and they can be in attack mode even in a half court offense.
Atlanta---I-75::Have you noticed how there have been quite a few games where teague has went off for like 8-12 in the first quarter...only to finish the game with 14-16 points. It's as if he turns it off so he doesn't "out perform" josh and joe or something because they "have to get theirs"
nbahawksfan2::good win hawks
DoctorScream::Teague's turning into a star.  Book it.
lamriverside13::Bynum got ejected again!! this kid needs to drop his balls and GROW UP!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
HateBrass::Tom Gores, bring Isiah Thomas home as scouting director of the Detroit Pistons.  I cannot take the scrubs Dumars keeps drafting after 12 years. Zeke knows talent, Davidson no longer owns the team and Thomas is the best talent evaluator in the league. We don't need him coaching or running the team, just the scouting department.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Fun fact: since starting 4-20, the Pistons have gone 17-14. Not bad at all, Lawrence.
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::Close, but no cigar.
JamesHardenBeard::Hi
Jeff7Kv::btw, WOW!!!! I usually don't pay attention to the post count, but seriously??? This post will be Number 120?
Jeff7Kv::Ok Pistons....who are you, and what have you done with that 4-20 team?  They're actually competing and sometimes beating quality teams
Stryker Rip Strongheart::A lot of close games too...against the Heat, nearly won in Denver, played hard tonight...I'm looking forward to seeing this team improve under Frank. Hopefully Dumars will be able to make some good offseason moves.
DrueLife::Josh Smith is playing outside of his mind right now
J-SMOOVE2048::Jeff Teague has pg on lockdown.  Now if we can just find a small forward.
Novakaine Djokovic::<strong>lol epic fail <a href="http://hoopsgrind.com">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYqGK2s6vW4</a> </strong>
Toomersforever::a hard fought game on the piston's part - but another good win for the hawks.  Go Birds!!
fredshaw4367::atta boy teague
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Detroit has now loss i believe 7 consecutive games in Atlanta. The games always seem to come down to the final few minutes though with Atlanta coming out on top, that's the way it is. Selah!!
Novakaine Djokovic::<strong>lol epic fail from JSmoove <a href="http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/03/25/lebron-james-vs-kevin-durant/ ">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYqGK2s6vW4</a> </strong>
J-SMOOVE2047::if we face boston in the first round, it is on like donkey kong.
kevinholdren::Jeff Teague is becoming Mookie Blaylock 2.0.!!!
___Ivan Johnson___::Josh told me before the game that there was no way to make Detroit any shiitier than it already was  So inorder to prove him wrong, I took a massive dump on them.
Drew0288::So you won by 5 at home?
JulioJonesBrother::That you did, Ivan.
kevinholdren::MVTEAGUE!!!!!
tarunsathish::jeff teague played great
JulioJonesBrother::Marvin with 12 off the bench. I like him in that role, with Captain Kirk starting at 2 and Joe at 3.
JulioJonesBrother::100!
J-SMOOVE2047::ATL is #1
scambo11::score
scambo11::score
scambo11::score
scambo11::score
JulioJonesBrother::Looks like no one was on the board tonight, lol. Good game Pistons fans.  Great nights by JT and Smoove with the double-doubles, Teague with a career night! He's so fun to watch from the point, so crafty when he drives to the lane where he's lethal.  We've got an easy one in Charlotte tomorrow night. Need all the wins we can get to get that 3 seed.  Go Hawks!
Demonjoe93::gg Pistons.
khop311::over!!!!!!
scambo11::not under
scambo11::score
a_tizzy::Pistons looking to beat the Hawks? IMPOSSIBRU!
yodaspeaks::If Stuckey is going to be your leading shot taker, you are in trouble.
Taysuan22::idiot^
pokernutty87::strt garbage from detroit
celtsfan9712::BOSTON BETTER THEN ATLANTA HAHAHAHAHAHA
Demonjoe93::We can't all be inshitty divisions you know.
ima brave falcon hawk::l0l is that why yall cant beat us in the play offs?
J-SMOOVE2047::nah
J-SMOOVE2047::126 comments.  lol
scambo11::and then some
IAMpunter2609::WTF HAWKS just need to win this
scambo11::Its slowing down.
pokernutty87::they call over the back on detroit when he doesnt even touch him but zaza doesnt get called for obvious over the back, nice home court adv with the refs
pokernutty87::if hawks replaced zaza and heinrich theyd be a legitimate contender
pokernutty87::im betting on detroit so i love when heinrich gets the ball and shoots
Demonjoe93::Man are they really gonna do this again?
