Larry::Before the game, I did mention Kenneth Faried is one tough player- that guy gives 100% all the time and plays hurt. Though I am not a Nuggets fan and really haven;t followed them much since Thompson and Issel played, 1) Thank god Melo is out of town 2) It was time for a change and glad Brian Shaw got the job- like Mark Jackson, he was very intelligent on the court- has a weaker team than Jackson , but wish him well with the Nuggets. 3) Without Kobe, lol, you;re terrible- 35 wins will be a lot- and no way Kobe plays here next year(if he plays at all) unless you acquite at least one or two good players- and I don;t mean Dwight Howard types. Evan Turner- philadelphia 76ers- he;s the guy you should go after.
the DH::Lakers have played well at home(other than the Minnesota game), but they have to figure out how to win on the road. The last 2 road games they play well for 3 quarters then just give up in the 4th. I guess normally that would be Kobe time but they don't know what to do in crunch time on the road without him. That's where you need some star power. Next 4 games are at home. They'll win 3 of the 4.
Glen::Let's face it. Lakers are terrible as predicted. I am a long time Laker fan who has seen this play out before. Lakers will tank this year, hopefully get a lottery pick, attract some star players and retool. The season is young but lack of talent and defense will be the demise of this year's team.
donald::LOL that the Nugs put their money on the wrong guy.  JaVale only lasted 5 games and was an embarrassment to the game of basketball as usual.  Koufos would be playing winning basketball like he did all of last year.  At least they kept Mozgov to bail them out.
Larry::@Neal- re Evan Turner: I saw Turner play many times at Ohio State. Thought he would make a very good NBA player, but not right away because of his frame. Now, he has arrived. On the 76ers, he probably handles the ball too much- because the team is weak- really would be a good guy to play with Kobe. Availability? The 76ers organization is in a shambles- for the right amount of money and some draft picks, you may be able to get him. I don;t know his contract status.
Commenter::I team puts up 94 shots and the other 100.  No defense whatsoever. Typical.
Truth Be Told::Can't wait until Kobe comes back and helps the Lakers win just enough games to keep them out of prime draft position, while at the same time the Lakers miss the playoffs. Get well soon Kome the front of the rim at staples misses your bricks. hahaha!!
Naturally Tanned Man::Nick young should play football the way he air balls the basketball!
emb001981::Lakers have done nothing besides dribble around and shoot jumpers the entire night. Nuggets have been driving the ball in and attacking your soft frontcourt the whole night. Of course they have more free throws idiots.
Hadj::Bring back Jerry West,and give him the basketball opreations of the team!give him a five year contract,and stay out of the way!Who saw the potential of Kobe,while twelve teams passed up on him?Jerry!Who got Shaq?Jerry! This Franchise is going into a long-term mediocrity,unless radical moves are made now!Trade Gasol for Ariza,bring Shannon Brown off waivers,give up the 2014 pick and something, for Bledsoe; Finally sign Lamar Odom! GO LAKERS,and let's win multiples NBA titles!
