mbkfresh::wizards all daay bra
Antsea91::Guess clippers take the spurs title of "biggest floppers in the league".
stonehurst1::Western Conference!
Realroca::You'd think the Wiz would get tired of giving the same post game comments every game lol.  It was embarrassing, we showed no spirit, they hustled us on our own floor, did whatever they wanted.  Are they on repeat?
5150clipfan::The Clippers know how you guys FEEL we were there too once...The WIZ also need a coach maybe give SAM a try.
tizi6969::They need to get some veterans. There whole team is first and second year players besides Lewis, Young, McGee, Blatche
inthepaint32::The WIZ need to get rid of everyone but Wall, McGee and Booker...
hink27::Blake Griffen is overated
kkool101::So overrated that he was 2 assists away from a triple double and didn't play in the 4th quarter!!!
Clipshow07::Mo $ continues his onslaught of consistent shooting...6-9 off the bench and is shooting over 50%FG on the year!!! Clearly the best 6 man in the league! And to all you Griffin haters: the more you hate on him, the better he gets. Just keep that hate spewing from your pieholes you little crybabies who know nothing about basketball whatsoever...
tbomber2::james harden is clearly the best 6th man in the league.
Clipshow07::I will back track and arguably agree you have a point there. Harden has a higher pt. average while Mo has a higher FG % Harden is definitely good but since Mo is on my team I have to go with him.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
meats29::I know this was a home game but i saw a stat that is just awful and hilarious at the same time. The Wizards have won a total of 21 road games since the start of the 2008 season. To put that in perspective 8 teams won at least 23 road games last season only. This team has won 21 in almost 3 1/2 seasons.   The Bulls have won more road games so far this season (11) than the Wizards have won road games in 2008, 2010 and this season combined (10)
zachrlee::The Wizards are the league's losing streak busters. Any time you're having a funk on the road, just head down to Washington to get yourself a "W" and you'd come away thinking you're about to turn around.
Soonerhopeful1::As bad as Griffin is portrayed on this Message Board..:  Wizards fans must be happy he is not a Wizard..!!
sjmcb160::Griffin almost had a triple-double? Rebounds, points, and flops?
Clipshow07::You clearly hit a trip doub every day = ignorance, bafoonery, hating
Zonker40::Missed free throws...
kenbomc::Griffin needs to learn how to shoot free throws -he's killing my fantasy team.
Vols-And-Ravens-Fan::I know I should be happy for a huge Clips road win, but... 23 turnovers, 6-17 from the foul line? Really?
Zonker40::And that's with Reggie going 1-1...
BigX951::4-20? LOL that's embarrassing  Signed,  Kendrick Perkins getting dunked on by Blake Griffin
xrobologyx::As a Wizards fan .... this story made my night.  That franchise deserves everything it's getting.
nickf1190::so close to a trip-dub for blake
surfzone365::Now that was a close game....Wiz lose a nail-biter in the last seconds
spot-up::Let's Go Jazzzzzzzzzzz
cody wieseler 2012::you no what threw all of this for the wizards the player i feel sorry for the most is john wall he's the only person on that team with talent what a shame.
the_jonz::what a shame that you know what through = 3 out of 4 words you can't spell ...   what a shame indeed
JeremiahMax1944::blake griffin &lt; darius miles
spot-up::Clippers
bagua40::Didn't see the game, but the margin suggests it was a convincing win. Even without CP putting up any numbers.  But come on, Blake, make some free throws.  The Clippers were 6-17 on free throws, which is pathetic.
AndyWhite11::wake me up when its over...ugh thank God yesss!!!!
arizonasting001::Marcin Gortat &gt;&gt;&gt; Los Angeles.
GermanKlippa::Eric "Da Polish Rifle" Pike Piatkowski &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Marcin "Polish Hammer" Gortat.......!!
AndyWhite11::idiot
AndyWhite11::HO HUM
GermanKlippa::"Cookey".....) LOL....
Flyguys 3.0::comeback time
Clipper Fan Since Loy Vaught::Cook is trying to blow this lead by himself.
Carlito1206::ajjajajajaj offensive please release him
Hibachiarenas::I'm starting to think Clippers might take this battle.
i love to streak::BOOOOYA spiked my AR clippers under clippers baby!!!   $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Clipper Fan Since Loy Vaught::Brian Cook is the worst player in the NBA.  Please just retire and spare us from watching any more of this garbage.
kholief::Hell make this one..........  nooo he wont.  Cook SMH
Carlito1206::&gt;&lt; please release cook already
Swagger.N.Pomp::who?
spencerob745::lawlers law need not apply
Mindy_Bradley413737::Los Angeles Clippers vs. Washington Wizards   randomly found this site with winners:   http://bit.ly/ApX7Nh
Clipper Fan Since Loy Vaught::DeAndre should have made the All-Star Game over Bynum.
Swagger.N.Pomp::love shoulda made the all-star starter over blake
sslevanderbilt::Yup, cause All Stars lead their teams to 12-12 records.
Clipper Fan Since Loy Vaught::False.
Swagger.N.Pomp::what the nba ought to do is phase out the center position in all-star voting and open it up for a 3rd forward
christojnco::DeAndre is having a great game tonight, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. The season numbers speak for themselves.
Clipper Fan Since Loy Vaught::Lob City in the All-Star Game &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that thug Bynum and his numbers.
Angels.USC.Clips.Chargers::I really like the way dj been playing this year. GLAD we kept him
thenextfederer93::caron butler's new nickname = snake eyes
OrganizedChaos33::hahahaha that made me laugh
ncderek13::Is K-Mart suited up tonight?
christojnco::Won't be able to until Chinese basketball season is finished, which is in about 2 weeks.
kkool101::Yes he will he will probably play in mondays game!!!
GermanKlippa::K-Mart will only join the squad during that road trip......
ncderek13::Clippers seem angry from last night's loss
AndyWhite11::PUT ERIC BLEDSOE IN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Heck, if Kenyon Martin's here...get him in there
mike adams37::clipper announcers also said eric bledsoe tweeked his knee the other night and is unavailable.
mike adams37::clippers broadcasters said martin would be there for their next game.
crawnjc1982::i bet john wall wishes who wouldve stayed just 1 more year back @ KU
Clipper Fan Since Loy Vaught::He never played at Kansas.
Swagger.N.Pomp::no, i don't think anyone regrets going to the draft when they are the #1 overall pick.  he is overhyped and even got a shoe sponsor because he came out as the #1 pick and also the #1 player on his team.  he signed a high contract and will stand out on a crappy team that he can leave after 3yrs. he doesn't just have job security, but star security, so he will retain a high value after his 3 yrs.
crawnjc1982::*HE*
AndyWhite11::I honestly feel I could suit up for the Wiz...I'll get ya buckets lol
Jthizz69::well i guess we put the Deandre-Javale debate to rest for a while.
Jthizz69::but admittedly the Clips have better playmakers. Still, Javale throws up some ugly shots in the post. he has to play strictly off ball.
christojnco::There shouldnt even be a debate
Swagger.N.Pomp::cilppers begin to pull their starters
AndyWhite11::are they?
Swagger.N.Pomp::feel bad for the teams that lose to the wizards
Agent Zero7::like the Clippers havent been bad for years?
Swagger.N.Pomp::feel bad for the wizards
AndyWhite11::Coach: put Blake at the 1, let him get 2 more dimes and we'll be good :)
Swagger.N.Pomp::wiz coulda forfeit most their games
