natebixby::The saddest story of the NBA season when I heard that Rubio was out for the year cried. I am from Minnesota and this was the first time in my life time that they were relevant. It just makes me sad :(
jeff050578::Why would golden state even try  and put out enough effort to win this game. They need to tank and finish in bottom 7 and they know that $@%!.
mn_tanz::Just another game that solidifies my opinion that Rubio was the best rookie in this year's rookie class.  Wolves were 3-7 before Rubio became a starter.  They went 18-13 with him starting.   Now they're 4-11 with him on the bench.    The difference in this team defensively with Rubio compared to without is especially amazing.
HEELTARWARRIOR::WOOT! GO WARRIORS!!!
FranciscoKern::Charles Jenkins looks like a player.
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in Jail today in Eagle, Colorado......
minny snowta::t wolves have lost all heart! they really stink and the last 3 games they should have won but too many injuries and lack of focus has led to this.  jazz need to go to playoffs so that the wolves can get that pick.  i am not only a wolves fans but am now supporting the jazz.
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
minny snowta::shut up!
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
inefekt::GS don't want that 7th draft pick by the looks of things
tgianco::ARGH! Serenity now!   Darn it, Warriors! Lose, lose, lose. Don't make me spend another 20 years in basketball purgatory.
screwhead2305::FREE KEVIN LOVE
THE AMAZING CHEF MINNY.::<b> <u> WOLVES!!!!!!!!!!!!  WOLVES 2012 NBA CHAMPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</u></b>
rjblives::Guess the Warriors didn't get the memo... YOUR suppose to lose to get that draft pick back! SMH
Oaktown1029::Warriors' 12 turnovers resulted in 9 Wolve points - Wolves' 19 turnovers resulted in 24 Warrior points - ballgame!
md7152::ouch.  Wolves clearly missed Ridnour's ball handling tonight.  Good win tho Warriors.
dabeasts518::im a wolves fan but honestly why would they try to lose? these guys dont wanna get there spot takin by stupid rookies....
dogs::they aren't... no reason to tank either we wouldn't get the draft pic
supe540::When your second unit is kicking butt it's okay to extend their minutes.  It's not like the Wolves first unit is especially talented.
supraman23::Wow, what a terrible outcome for both teams.
tgianco::As a Warrior fan, this is horrible. Tank, tank, tank!
supe540::Man do the Wolves stink!!
rhowe982::Where did Charles Jenkins come from??? To lose to the Warriors Dleague team must really hurt Minnesota
supe540::Hofstra.  Decent looking rook.
FranciscoKern::He can play.  I'm a Blazer fan and he played great against us about 2 weeks ago.  He should definitely be starting for the Warriors.
lightbulbthinh::jhassajdhjsdhjsdjssjisji Minny sucks. Warriors were trying to tank the game too.
phunky58::williams plays big minutes wolves begin to win games, all of a sudden he is back on the bench gettn 13 minutes and guess what the wolves lose to a struggling warriors team.   williams beasly and ellington need big minutes along with love and split up the point duties depending on who is hot on a given night since rubio is out.    then watch the wins pile up
toma0023::Williams and Beasley need to show more defensive concentration to get more minutes. Nobody doubts their offensive talents.
Jthizz69::Blake Griffin would've never cost his team the game by going 0-7 from 3. Just my 2 cents.
abovethelies2::That's really a weird analogy given that Blake's game is inside dunks.....
FranciscoKern::Yeah Blake would go 0-7 from the free throw line and cost the game.  Griffin is fun to watch but he's not on Kevin Love's level.  I wouldn't have to think beyond a fraction of a nano-second to decide which player I'd rather have.
oneandonlybabe::Love needs a trade
MichaelBradleysBaldHead::I'm starting to like Tyler more every time I see him play.  All of these minutes are really helping him a lot.  I expect him to be the primary backup to Bogut next year, once we chop Biedrins.
kozanski2000::Golden State can't even tank correctly. There is no upside to them winning games now, they need to add that lottery pick to the mix.
MichaelBradleysBaldHead::These are grown man making a living, they are never going to lose on purpose
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::I WISH DALLAS AND PORTLAND FANS WOULD DIE OF CANCER.
FranciscoKern::The irony is it's YOU dying of cancer.
rollercoasterfweak::Who is more happy with this Warriors win?  Jazz fans or Warriors fans?
Eric62748::Jazz
Zippppppp::probably Jazz haha
cmonson3::David Lee &gt; Kevin Love. fact
abovethelies2::cmonson3 ....apparently the coaches didn't think so when the all-star was made this year
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::HOPE YOU GET $@%!$@ BRAIN CANCER.
jayshah96::KLove's stats are ridiculous as usual...
abovethelies2::In a good or bad way?
MavsNation92::Wow the Wolves CHOKED big time
abovethelies2::By the way, how do you thinks your Mavs will do in the 1st round of the playoffs???
abovethelies2::They didn't choke...they simply don't have bench strength or a healthy pg to lead the team....
abovethelies2::As I previously indicated its the key injuries that have impacted them....Look at where they were in the standings BEFORE the rash of injuries.....not making excuses but they were #6 in the West Conf.....then RR, Pek, Beasley, Luke........Those were three starters and the first guy off the bench....
Zippppppp::I just don't think they can continue to use the injury excuse. They are losing to other bad teams with just as many injuries.
abovethelies2::I'm not too worried about how the season is ending for the Wolves.....They'll have next season to re-tool with some vets free agents and hopefully a healthy RR
abovethelies2::Apparently they had enough to win tonight.....
Zippppppp::and the Warriors do?!?!?
KingGeorge53::Is it too late for the T-Wolves to get in on the lottery picks?
toma0023::We have OKC's 2nd round pick.
abovethelies2::Not this year unless Utah makes the payoffs then the Wolves will get their pick...otherwise no picks for the Wolves this year,,,,
rockndoc2::No TWolve fans tonight
abovethelies2::hmm...interesting comment Mavs
MavsNation92::most of them are spammers and trolls
blazers2189::i love stat padding.   -kevin love-
abovethelies2::You also like being critical without reason....Only a fool would think K-Love isn't a top 10 NBA player now and improving
ZonaWildcats_2170::aiqht, i'm out. people talking crap aint making me happy. Chaooo,!  Hope to see everyone here next game,  go T-Wolves
mrkennedy23::Later dude.
blazers2189::look guys, these NBA players were PROFESSIONALS they don't think as the same with the fans.
blazers2189::nah. just as i said they don't want to lose. :D peace!
G_Dubble::Different mindset for Warriors fans. The team is not the only game in town like the Blazers. When other franchises have won championships and you ownership constantly screws up, fans are going to boo.
Alex818728::I mean its okay to want to see you team lose espceally if your a warrior fan and you only get a first round pick if it is top 7, just dont expect players to try to lose
Alex818728::o yeah I agree, I dont beleive any player would ever tank a game, their playing for their jobs, they dont give a $@%! about ping pong balls
blazers2189::that's what i'm saying! we (fans) should keep our mouth shut and just enjoy the game.
blazers2189::i mean they don't play games just because they want to lose. got it?
Alex818728::what are you saying?
G_Dubble::Whaaaatttt?!?!? The Warriors are supposed to lose to keep that draft pick. They can't do anything right.
WarriorsWarrior::They tried
dlhouse18::GTFO Fake Chef.
wolves_fan77::I'll admit I dont know everything about why GS fans booed at halftime.  But i know this.  It was a very special night for one of, if not, the best player in their franchise history.  And they helped him make it memorable but nearly ruining the night for everyone.  Stay classy, GS. haha later everyone!
G_Dubble::As fans, if you had to endure the Chris Cohan era, u'd boo Lacob when he opened his yap promising things he knew he couldn't deliver.
mrkennedy23::Not to mention screwing season ticket holders.
SB4LlFE::I don't blame the fans. Lacob was promising them a lot of things with bold statements.
G_Dubble::The last owner never showed his face in public. How else are fans gonna get ownership's attention?
SB4LlFE::lol... u're just sad
wolves_fan77::dont people get it?  dont they maybe think there was a better time and place for it? Ok, im out now
SB4LlFE::LIKE I SAID, don't post stuff because you don't know the reasons behind it... it'll just make u look more stupid
G_Dubble::Did u read that article on ESPN.com from Bill Simmons on the sorryness off the Warriors since 1977? That's why they booed. It had nothing to do with Mullin. The fans were fed up with inept ownership.
SB4LlFE::hahaha how was it a classless act? they werent booing at chris mullin
wolves_fan77::It dont matter!!!! it was a classless act...and I was talking about mullin
SB4LlFE::HAHAHA JUST LIKE U SAID u don't know the reasons behind it... *yawn* so why even bring it up just so you could look dumb?
Winnesota2012::best player in franchise history?  how about chris mullin?
Trexxus::Derp.
mrkennedy23::So is Derrick Williams a solid draft pick or are wolves fans ready to turn on him?
toma0023::D-will needs to work on defense (like Kevin Love). He is also more comfortable at the 4.
abovethelies2::A solid pick that has lost confidence....it happens and hopefully he'll get his mojo back next year....not too worried for a 1st year player...
Trexxus::Um, he's had limited time playing in a shortened condensed season with no training camp. Anyone trying to say if a rookie is a bust or not this year is and idiot.
vikingsarebest::pretty solid but he gets into slumps
Alex818728::I don't see anyone they could have taken that would have been better
Alex818728::I mean theirs a few players playing okay, Klay thompson, Markieff morris, Marshoon Brooks, Brandon Knight but no Stars outside of Irving, it was a really weak draft
mrkennedy23::That's actually true...it kind of shows how weak the draft was.
ZonaWildcats_2170::dont even dare, he had a rough night, but hes still a great player!
ZonaWildcats_2170::He played reall well also against Portlant. Watch him &amp; than come talk jerk.
blazers2189::only in clipper game. that's it! deal with it!
ZonaWildcats_2170::Hes had great games! Did you not watch him during the Clippers! He went off! Hes a really good player, whos been having trouble lately, .... thats all.
blazers2189::great?? lol he is good but not great. okay?
blazers2189::wolves?? what happened??? hahahhahahhaha
toma0023::If the Wolves lose every game for the rest of the season (and they might), 25 wins exceeded expectations by far. Ask Vegas.
abovethelies2::Not sure what your issue is with the Wolves but they were #6 in the payoffs before Rubio then Pek and then Bleasely went down...The Clippers however are doing well now. So I'm not sure why you feel they aren't....
blazers2189::as this season started, the wolves along with the clippers were the so called NEW OVER hyped team in NBA.
abovethelies2::Again, if your a blazer fan you should understand how injuries can affect a team. Also, the Blazer could be considered in your words "overhyped" based on what happened to them. Again, T-Wolves were #6 and moving up before the injuries....its just a fact
abovethelies2::I guess I would agree if you also make the assumption that the Warriors never had any expectations and therefore could never be "overhyped" in your words
blazers2189::that's what i'm saying on the overhyped team just like this wolves!
abovethelies2::Agreed!!!Blazer2189 should know that ....Oden and Roy...etc
Darzini::Injuries? Why laugh at a season that ended so badly because of them?
abovethelies2::Its not the number....its the IMPACT the key injuries had on the team. Not to be critical of the Warriors but they didn't have anyone of high value except Curry
TheExile155::Warriors started 3 rookies because of injuries... you cant use that as an excuse
WarriorsWarrior::meow gn
The Amazing Chef Minnesota4::NBA CHAMPS! NBA CHAMPS! NBA CHAMPS!
Alex818728::lol and someone said wolves fan arnt cocky
Alex818728::o what a $@%!$@
dlhouse18::He's a moron and poses as other fans to ruin their rep.
Trexxus::EVERY team has a couple of idiot fans that should be ignored by everyone, ffs.
Alex818728::then why is he calling you guys NBA champs?
dlhouse18::This guy doesn't like the Wolves. I hate him.
gato madness::in nba 2k12 maybe
dlhouse18::You are the worst.
abovethelies2::Promising season for the T-Wolves disseminated by injuries.... Wolves fans have to keep things in perspective knowing how this team WAS playing before the injuries...Looking forward to next season when the Wolves can get a real shooting guard and small forward and hopefully a healthy Rubio....
abovethelies2::Its frustrating seeing them finish like this but you can't lose key starters and bench players in the Western Conf......and still win on a consistent basis.....
Darzini::Agreed, in reality they are one shooting guard from the playoffs. Ideally one that can compliment Love on the floor.
abovethelies2::Still concerned about the small forward spot if Beasley isn't resigned.....
gato madness::minnesota great loss to keep you closer of the lottery pick
Darzini::Hint: Minnesota has no first round pick this year and far out of the lottery reach.
The Amazing Chef Minnesota4::LETS GO WOLVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS WAS A BAD LOSS BUT WHO GIVES A SHI.T WE STILL NBA CHAMPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! KEVIN LOVE IS THE GREATEST PLAYER OF ALL TIME. GOLDEN STATE WUSSIERS SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY DONT DO CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fu.CK THEM!
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::GO AWAY.
The Amazing Chef Minnesota4::BRAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! QUIT PLAYING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I FUNNA KICK UR @$$
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::I WISH ALEX WOULD GET A $@%!$@ BRAIN TUMOR.
Alex818728::see that proves my point exactly
natskivna::ITS NOT A TUMA!
The Amazing Chef Minnesota4::BIT.CH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wolves_fan77::I heard people people talking about the classless wolves....must I find a video of what happened during halftime of the late time these 2 teams played????I didnt think so....
Quezy82::booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
vikingsarebest::BUT THE WOLVES FANS SAID SOMETHING MEAN TO ME ON THE INTERNET WAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY FEELINGS ARE DAMAGED BEYOND REPAIR WAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!
SB4LlFE::wolves fans think they know everything behind the reasons for all that... just don't post if u don't know anything
snave31::C'mon warriors!! What happened to the tank express?????
Quezy82::fucnking Jenkins
Gee-Unit93::where in the standings does gs have to finish to keep their pick?
Alex818728::their pick would have to be top 7
SB4LlFE::wolves fans mad.. first sac kings and now the w's.....
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::HOPE YOU GET CANCER SOON.
natskivna::Northern Cali DOMINATES YOU!
Zippppppp::someone should tell management tanking is for teams with draft picks
