
 Clippers-Spurs Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Nov 10 2010 12:46AM Even when healthy, the Los Angeles Clippers have not been able to beat San Antonio for more than four years. With injuries starting to mount, the Clippers could have a more difficult time ending that drought. The visiting Clippers could be without two starters Wednesday night while trying to avoid an 18th consecutive loss to the Spurs, who will be looking for their fifth straight win. Los Angeles (1-7) played without star Baron Davis in a 97-88 home loss to San Antonio on Nov. 1. The veteran guard returned from a four-game absence with a sore knee to score four points in 10 minutes of a 101-82 loss at unbeaten New Orleans on Tuesday, but center Chris Kaman left with a sprained ankle. It's uncertain if Kaman and guard Eric Gordon, who missed Tuesday's contest with a shoulder injury, will be available when the Clippers try for their first win over the Spurs (5-1) since March 7, 2006. Los Angeles also could be without reserve guard Randy Foye for a seventh straight game because of a hamstring injury. Gordon, averaging a team-leading 21.1 points, had 23 and 11 assists against San Antonio last week. Though the Spurs are 4-0 in November and have won 15 straight at home over the Clippers, they won't take anything for granted no matter who suits up for Los Angeles. "We can't give up games," guard Tony Parker told the Spurs' official website. "We have to do the same things we've been doing and don't give them hope." It seems like the Clippers have consistently looked hopeless averaging 86.0 points while losing 45 of 49 to the Spurs over the last 13 years. San Antonio has not been nearly as dominant during a four-game winning streak in which its victories have come by a combined margin of 18 points. "We're happy but we're not satisfied," said Parker, who had a team-high 19 points and nine assists at Los Angeles. Manu Ginobili had 26 points and rookie guard Gary Neal came off the bench to score 15 in a 95-91 win at Charlotte on Monday. Neal, who spent three seasons playing in Italy, Spain and Turkey, had 16 points on 6 of 10 shooting - 4 of 8 from 3-point range - versus Los Angeles. "He's new to the league this year but he's not impressed or intimidated by anything," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "He just comes to play, he's hard-nosed." Neal helped the Spurs' bench outscore the Clippers' reserves 32-7 in the last meeting. The Clippers' bench played better Tuesday, led by rookie Al-Farouq Aminu's 20 points. However, Los Angeles starters combined for 39 points. Los Angeles has committed 48 turnovers the last two games, including a season-high 25 against the Hornets. "You can't expect to win at home or on the road when you have that many turnovers, so we've got to do a much better job of valuing the possession of the ball," first-year Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro said. Los Angeles, 0-3 on a four-game trip, has dropped eight straight on the road dating to a 99-93 win at Houston on March 25. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   