Knicks-Bobcats Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Mar 26 2011 1:31AM The Charlotte Bobcats' come-from-behind victory Friday in Boston shocked their head coach. The New York Knicks' latest struggles have come as a surprise to most everyone. Charlotte looks to continue its push toward the postseason Saturday night when it hosts reeling New York. The Knicks (35-37) lost their fifth straight game Friday, falling 102-96 to Milwaukee despite 28 points from Amare Stoudemire and 25 from Carmelo Anthony. New York has been held to fewer than 100 points in each of those defeats, and are just 7-11 since making a blockbuster trade to acquire Anthony from Denver. The Knicks, seventh in the Eastern Conference, are two games behind sixth-place Philadelphia and 3 1/2 ahead of eighth-place Indiana. During its skid, New York is averaging just 19.4 points in the fourth quarter while opponents are averaging 27.8. "We've got to fight more," Stoudemire said. "We've definitely got to put a lot more effort out there on the court, play with a lot more energy. We've got to definitely want these games, I mean we haven't done nothing yet. "We're not in the playoffs right now. I mean we have the seventh seed, but the way we're going, we're declining." Anthony, who is averaging 24.3 points since the trade, believes the Knicks can make a quick turnaround before the postseason begins. "We're going to try to figure it out as a team and you know when it happens them times will be fun. Basketball will be fun again," he said. "We won't have to worry about losing eight out of nine, or seven out of eight, or something like that. You know everybody is going to be smiling again and be happy." The Knicks hope for a much better result against the Bobcats after sweeping them in a home-and-home set Nov. 23-24 in only meetings this season. Charlotte seems prepared for the challenge. The Bobcats (29-42) overcame a 13-point, fourth-quarter deficit Friday against the Celtics for a surprising 83-81 victory. The win ended a four-game losing streak, which was part of a stretch in which Charlotte dropped 10 of 12. Dante Cunningham hit the winning basket with 34 seconds remaining, while DJ White led Charlotte with a career-high 17 points and Gerald Henderson added 15. "I just didn't know that we had it in us to really score like we did, especially in the fourth quarter," coach Paul Silas said. "Truthfully, I did not think we had a chance to win this ball game." The Bobcats and Bucks are tied for ninth in the East with both teams two games behind the Pacers for the final playoff spot. Friday's inspired comeback by Charlotte came without leading scorer Stephen Jackson (strained hamstring) and forward Tyrus Thomas (bruised ribs). Jackson has missed two of the last three games, and his status is uncertain for Saturday. Jackson scored 18 points in each of the two losses this season to the Knicks, while Thomas scored a season-high 26 on Nov. 24. New York has won the last four meetings in the series, but the Bobcats have won three of the last four in Charlotte. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited