Clippers-Kings Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Feb 27 2011 4:35PM The Los Angeles Clippers will be without one of the key contributors to this season's three wins against the Sacramento Kings, but they may have some additional resources ready Monday night at Arco Arena. The Clippers, who could have new acquisitions Mo Williams and Jamario Moon available, look to sweep the season series against the Kings for the first time in 25 years. Los Angeles (21-39) is looking for its first win since the All-Star break after a brutal four-game stretch against playoff contenders. Following a 108-95 loss to the Lakers on Friday, the Clippers fell 99-92 to Boston on Saturday. "It's tough playing back-to-back games, especially against the two teams that we just played," Blake Griffin, who had 21 points and 11 rebounds Saturday, said. "We have good pieces. We've just got to get them out there all at the same time." Williams and Moon were not allowed to play while the Clippers finished paperwork after acquiring them from Cleveland for Baron Davis on Thursday. Meanwhile, Eric Gordon missed his 17th consecutive game with a wrist injury. Gordon's return could come in the next week, although he's been ruled out for Monday. However, Los Angeles is optimistic it will have Williams and Moon available. Gordon's absence could be particularly felt against Sacramento. He's averaged 29.3 points in three wins over the Kings this season, but Griffin will try to help make up for it after averaging 20.7 points and 13.3 rebounds in the three meetings. The Clippers are looking to sweep the season series against the Kings (14-43) for the first time since going 5-0 against them in 1985-86. In the last meeting, Los Angeles held on for a 100-99 victory at Arco Arena on Dec. 27 after Sacramento's Tyreke Evans missed a potential game-winner at the buzzer. The Kings return home after a 2-5 road trip they ended with two straight losses. They fell 120-92 at Memphis on Saturday. Beno Udrih scored 24 points on 10-of-13 shooting, but the rest of the team shot 38.9 percent. Sacramento, which played a sixth straight game without leading scorer Evans (foot), scored 43 points in the second half. "After the first quarter, we couldn't get anything going for us, it seemed like," coach Paul Westphal said. "We couldn't guard them at all, and offensively, we were turning the ball over, not executing well. "We looked like a tired, depleted team, which we are." Opponents averaged 114.6 points and shot 51.2 percent against the Kings during the road trip. After being benched during the third quarter in a loss to Charlotte the night before, rookie DeMarcus Cousins came off the bench Saturday and scored 14 points, adding seven rebounds before fouling out. Westphal said the decision came because he feels Samuel Dalembert, who finished with seven points and eight rebounds, has played better than Cousins. "It's pretty much as simple as that," Westphal said. The Kings have lost five straight at home. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited