Nuggets-Hornets Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Mar 13 2011 2:30PM Despite sitting out two games while recovering from a mild concussion, Chris Paul turned in his best performance of the season in his return to the New Orleans Hornets. Paul looks to build on that effort and help the Hornets inch closer to the Denver Nuggets when they meet Monday night at New Orleans Arena. Paul had been out since slamming his head into the shoulder of Cleveland's Ramon Sessions last Sunday. The four-time All-Star point guard returned to practice Thursday, and coach Monty Williams put him in the starting lineup shortly before Saturday's game against Sacramento. Paul appeared completely unaffected by the time off, finishing with a season-best 33 points to go with 15 assists, seven rebounds and five steals in New Orleans' 115-103 win. "I'm never surprised by those kinds of numbers," Williams said. "That's what he's capable of doing. Scoring 33 points is probably a little high for him, but he's capable of that. When he's able to push the ball in transition and knock down his jumper, he can do that more often than people think." Paul sparked a Hornets team that recorded its highest-scoring game of the season. David West added 25 points and shot 12 of 18 while Carl Landry scored 20 for the Hornets (39-29), who won for the fourth time in five games. New Orleans passed Portland for sixth place in the Western Conference. New Orleans is one game back of the fifth-place Nuggets (39-27), though it would remain percentage points behind them even with a victory Monday. The Hornets have won the first two meetings between the teams and are seeking their first season sweep in the series since moving to the West in 2004-05. Paul led the Hornets with 18 points, seven assists and seven rebounds in a 101-95 home win over the Nuggets on Oct. 29, and had a team-high 20 points with six assists in a 96-87 victory in Denver on Jan. 9. The Nuggets are opening a four-game road trip after defeating Detroit 131-101 on Saturday, their seventh win in nine games since the Carmelo Anthony trade Feb. 22. J.R. Smith led eight Denver players in double figures, scoring 21 of his season-best 31 points in the fourth quarter. Smith finally listened to the advice of his teammates and trusted his long-range shooting. He finished with a season-high nine 3-pointers on 16 attempts. "Everybody's been telling me to catch and shoot and stop trying to make plays off the dribble," said Smith, who had averaged 8.3 points while going 3 of 11 from beyond the arc in his previous three games. "The last month and a half, two months, I've been passing up a lot of open 3s to get to the basket. Everybody wants me to catch and shoot, so that's what I did." It could be tough for Smith to again find success from the perimeter, however. New Orleans has limited opponents to 25.5 percent from 3-point range in the last three games. If Smith has trouble, the Nuggets can look into the post, as Nene has averaged 21.7 points and shot 76.5 percent in his last three contests. Nene totaled 18 points in the first two games of the season against the Hornets. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited