
 Jazz-Hawks Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Nov 11 2010 1:20PM After watching what the Utah Jazz have accomplished in their last three games, the lesson for future opponents should be fairly simple - don't get too far ahead. The Jazz have overcome big deficits to win three in a row heading into Friday night's game at Atlanta, with the Hawks looking to avoid a fourth straight loss since opening 6-0. Utah (5-3) dropped three of its first five by an average of 15.0 points, and looked to be headed toward another big loss Saturday against the Los Angeles Clippers. As it turned out, rallying from an 18-point deficit to win 109-107 in double overtime was just the beginning. The Jazz climbed out of a 22-point hole Tuesday in Miami to win 116-114 in overtime, then fell behind by 18 late in the third quarter Wednesday before closing on a 48-20 run to beat Orlando 104-94. Utah is the first team in the shot-clock era to win three consecutive games after trailing by double digits at halftime. "It says we have a lot of fight in us, but we can't keep relying on getting down and coming back, especially on the road," said point guard Deron Williams, who had game highs of 30 points and 14 assists Wednesday. "It happened for us two nights in a row, but consider us lucky." Williams has averaged 27.0 points and 11.7 assists during the comeback wins, but the most encouraging development for the Jazz through two weeks has been the play of Paul Millsap. The fifth-year forward hasn't just replaced Carlos Boozer's production - he's exceeded it. Millsap is averaging 23.9 points, 10.1 rebounds and 61.4 percent shooting while keeping Utah among the league's top-scoring teams in the paint at 46.5 points per game. While the Jazz have started to come on in their last three games, the Hawks' hot start is a distant memory. Four-point losses to Phoenix and Orlando earlier in the week may not have been too concerning, but Wednesday's performance against visiting Milwaukee was startling. Atlanta (6-3) led by five after the first quarter but fell behind by as much as 30 in a 108-91 loss. "When adversity hit us in the face, we went our separate ways," said Josh Smith, who had eight points and eight rebounds. "We'll figure out what's going wrong, and we'll fix it really quick." The absence of Marvin Williams hasn't helped. The former No. 2 overall pick hasn't played in four games because of a bone bruise in his right knee, and he's expected to miss at least another week. Reserve swingman Mo Evans, meanwhile, hasn't played since the opener because of a knee injury. That's forced Smith into Williams' small forward slot, with Al Horford shifting from center to power forward and little-used Jason Collins moving into the starting lineup. Jamal Crawford is often Atlanta's lone scoring threat off the bench, and with him averaging just 10.0 points and 31.0 percent shooting the past three games, it's easy to see why the Hawks are struggling. "I'm not getting the energy from the bench," coach Larry Drew said. "... I have to find better combinations to use that can sustain the energy." Atlanta will be trying to avoid its first three-game home losing streak since the end of the 2007-08 season Friday. The Hawks, however, have won three straight over Utah at Philips Arena and three in a row overall in the series. Smith has averaged 19.2 points and 2.5 blocks in the last six meetings. Williams' 12.3-point career average versus Atlanta, meanwhile, is his lowest against any team. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   