Pacers-Kings Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Nov 29 2010 3:14PM As one of the NBA's top defensive teams, the Indiana Pacers have been competitive no matter who or where they play of late. Coming off a landmark road victory, the Pacers look to improve to 2-0 on a four-game Western Conference trip when they face the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday night. Indiana (8-7) opened the road stretch in impressive fashion, beating the Los Angeles Lakers 95-92 on Sunday. The victory, the Pacers' first over the Lakers at Staples Center, was their third in four games - a surge that began with a victory at Miami last Monday. "This is a big win for us to come into L.A. and beat the world champions on their home court," said forward Danny Granger, who scored 18 points. "It gives us a lot of motivation and confidence on this West Coast road trip." Outstanding defense has been the key. Indiana limited the Lakers, who came in averaging a league-best 110.6 points, to season lows in points and shooting percentage (38.6). Indiana is in the top three in the league in field-goal percentage defense at 42.8, and it's limited its last six opponents to 39.3. "The main thing about our basketball team is we're one of the top defensive teams in the league right now," coach Jim O'Brien said. "You've got to play top-five field goal defense in order to be able to win on the road, and we've been able to do that." Roy Hibbert's continued development has also been a key factor in Indiana's strong play. The third-year center had 24 points, 12 rebounds and six assists Sunday, helping the Pacers outrebound Los Angeles 48-45 and hold a 19-10 advantage on second-chance points. Hibbert is averaging 16.1 points and a team-best 9.6 boards - both career highs. Indiana could be primed for another dominant defensive effort against Sacramento, which hasn't scored more than 86 points in its last five games. The Kings fell 96-85 to Chicago on Saturday for their fourth straight loss. They blew a 13-point halftime lead and were held to 28 second-half points - nine in the fourth quarter. "I thought that in the second half our defense was good enough for us to win the game, but our offense was something that was out of some horror book," coach Paul Westphal said. "Two turnovers in the first half and 16 in the second half, it's just unbelievable. Running the same plays, only not executing them." Sacramento (4-11) has been outscored by an average of 10.3 points in the second half of its last four contests. Kings leading scorer Tyreke Evans, who is averaging 17.4 points but had scored 9.3 over his previous three contests, had 11 in the first quarter. Evans, though, finished with 17 points and didn't have a field goal in the final period. Indiana and Sacramento split two meetings last season, each winning at home. Granger has averaged 33.7 points in his last three games against the Kings. Indiana went 9-21 against the Western Conference last season but is 3-3 this season. The Pacers face Utah and Phoenix to close out their trip. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited