Hawks-Bobcats Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 21 2011 11:44PM Coming off one of the most humiliating losses in their history, the Atlanta Hawks might welcome a two-game road trip. They might not be too thrilled about their first stop. Hoping to put a sluggish performance behind them, the Hawks try to win six straight road games in a single season for the first time in 17 years with a rare victory over the Bobcats in Charlotte on Saturday night. After splitting its final 10 games of 2010, Atlanta (28-16) opened the new year by winning seven of eight. The Hawks were brimming with confidence following an overtime win in Miami on Tuesday, but their surge came to an abrupt end Friday with a 100-59 home loss to New Orleans. The Hawks shot 29.1 percent, were outrebounded 55-32 and scored their fewest points since the franchise moved to Atlanta 42 years ago. Only Jordan Crawford's 3-pointer with 32 seconds remaining kept the Hawks from their lowest offensive output ever - a 57-point game in 1955, when the team was in St. Louis. "You can't explain it," Atlanta forward Josh Smith said. "You have games like this sometimes." There's reason to believe Atlanta could bounce back Saturday. The Hawks, who shouldn't be too tired after sitting their starters in Friday's fourth quarter, have won all five games away from Atlanta since the calendar flipped to January. They haven't won six consecutive road games since reeling off seven in a row Nov. 17-Dec. 22, 1993. Although Atlanta has won three of its last four games against the Bobcats, including a 90-85 home victory on Dec. 17 in their only meeting this season, the Hawks have struggled mightily in North Carolina. Atlanta has lost its last three visits to Charlotte by an average of 12.0 points, and is just 2-10 all-time when visiting the Bobcats. The Bobcats' 10 home victories over the Hawks are tied for their most versus any opponent. Charlotte (17-24) has also won six of its last seven home games against Eastern Conference foes, including Thursday's 100-97 victory over Philadelphia. Putting a damper on the win, the Bobcats learned during the game that Tyrus Thomas will be sidelined up to two months with a knee injury. The 6-foot-10 Thomas is averaging 11.1 points and 5.8 rebounds this season for Charlotte, which has gone 8-5 and climbed into seventh place in the East since Paul Silas replaced Larry Brown as coach. "Tyrus brought the energy to the game, blocking shots, dunking," said point guard D.J. Augustin, who had 22 points against Atlanta last month. "We're just going to have to pick it up and play with energy." Augustin gave the Bobcats a big boost Thursday, finishing with a career-high 31 points and eight assists. The Bobcats are 8-4 when Augustin has at least eight assists, and 9-20 when he doesn't. Augustin's strong performance helped offset bad shooting nights by Stephen Jackson and Gerald Wallace, who combined for 20 points and shot 7 of 23 from the field. Jackson, who averages a team-best 18.1 points, had one of his worst shooting performances of the season against Atlanta in December, going 3 for 14 from the floor and finishing with nine points. Joe Johnson, Al Horford and Marvin Williams each had 16 points for the Hawks in the first meeting. Horford, who averages 16.2 points and a team-high 9.7 rebounds, missed his first game of the season Friday with an ankle injury. He might sit out again along with Williams, who has missed Atlanta's last 10 games with a bruised back. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited