Nuggets-Clippers Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Mar 04 2011 6:26PM A surprising defensive effort has helped the Denver Nuggets get on a roll after parting with their leading scorer. The Los Angeles Clippers just got theirs back and are looking to slow Denver down. The Nuggets seek a fourth consecutive win and sixth in seven games since trading away Carmelo Anthony when they visit Eric Gordon and the Clippers on Saturday night. Denver (37-26), averaging an NBA-best 107.5 points, is 5-1 since shipping its franchise player to New York after a 103-101 victory at Utah on Thursday night. While the offense has barely missed a beat, scoring 106.3 points per game following the Anthony deal, the defense has improved tremendously. The Nuggets, in fifth place in the Western Conference, have allowed 93.3 points per game since the trade - 10.7 less than their season mark. "We're pretty focused at both ends of the court," coach George Karl said, "which has always been the headache of the Nuggets teams I've had coaching here: the defensive end of the court never was our forte. I think you're seeing a team that could be not only a good offensive team, it might become a special defensive team. "We have size, we have speed. We're not giving up transition points. Our transition defense is the best it's ever been since I've been here." That defense should be tested by Gordon, who returned from an 18-game absence (fractured wrist) to score nine of his 24 points in the fourth quarter of a 106-103 win over Houston on Wednesday night. Gordon helped the Clippers (22-40) snap a five-game losing streak and score more than 100 for the first time in nine games. "I just started shooting the ball about a week ago, but I've been staying in shape. That's all I've been doing," said Gordon, averaging 24.1 points. "I've been running every day. The toughest part was just sitting there, knowing that I could have been out there helping the team in some way. It was good to finally come back and help the guys get a win." The Clippers, who averaged 91.3 points in their previous eight games, have won 15 of 19 when scoring at least 100. Mo Williams, acquired along with Jamario Moon from Cleveland for Baron Davis and a first-round pick Feb. 24, had 17 points and 11 assists Wednesday in his second game with the team. "We've just got to build our chemistry with the new guys we have - and now with myself and Eric healthy, we'll see how it goes," said Chris Kaman, who has missed 45 games with an ankle injury. "We have 20 games left, and we just want to show what we can do going into next season." In contrast, the Nuggets - who play six of their next seven on the road - already are thriving with their new roster. "We're playing together and we're winning right now," said guard Ty Lawson, who had 23 points Thursday. "That's fun for everybody. There's no sticky hands out there. We're passing the ball, getting everybody involved. It feels a lot better when everybody is happy." Los Angeles had lost four straight and 11 of 12 to Denver before Gordon hit four 3-pointers and scored 28 points in a 106-93 win Jan. 5 in the last meeting. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited