
 Clippers-Warriors Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Jan 13 2011 1:38PM A victory over one of the league's top teams gave the Los Angeles Clippers plenty of confidence, and posting their longest winning streak of the season would only add to that. Looking for their first four-game road winning streak in four seasons, the Clippers try to win a fourth straight overall Friday night when they face a Golden State Warriors team hoping to take advantage of a home-heavy portion of its schedule. Led by Eric Gordon's 26 points and Blake Griffin's 24th consecutive double-double with 24 and 14 rebounds, the Clippers (13-24) beat Miami 111-105 on Wednesday for their third win in a row. They knocked the Heat from the top of the Eastern Conference and ended their road winning streak at 13 games. "It's one win," first-year coach Vinny Del Negro said. "We don't get extra wins for this game. I'm more concerned about the growth of the team. These wins give us confidence but we have another game on Friday." Los Angeles has won eight of 11 and will match its longest win streak from all of last season with a victory Friday. While the Clippers make their final visit to Oracle Arena this season, Golden State (15-23) continues a span of 13 of 14 in Oakland. Coach Keith Smart's squad opened that stretch Wednesday with a 115-110 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers. The Warriors led by as many as 14 in the first half against the two-time defending champions. "We are showing you can compete against some of the best teams in the league," Smart said. "We've shown that we can do that. I said earlier, if we can take care of the basketball we will have a chance every night to win." The Warriors have a better chance if star guard Monta Ellis stays healthy. After missing two days of practice with the flu, he matched a season high with four 3-pointers and scored 38 in the loss. "I had to dig deep and gut it out," said Ellis, shooting 10 of 31 and averaging 14.0 points in two games versus the Clippers this season. "If I wake up in the morning and God gives me the strength to come out and play, I'm going to do that. This is a big stretch for us at home, a chance to turn it around." The Warriors have won nine of 10 at home in this series, including a 109-91 victory Oct. 29, but they will face a Los Angeles team trying to win four straight on the road for the first time since March 20-31, 2007. Plus, the Clippers had little trouble beating Golden State at Staples Center on Sunday, leading by double digits throughout the second half of a 105-91 victory. "We played them earlier this season, and they're a totally different team," Warriors guard Stephen Curry said. While Griffin's spectacular play at the rim receives much of the attention, improved defense has been a critical part of the Clippers' recent success. Their opponents are averaging 97.7 points and shooting 42.5 percent over the last 11 games after scoring 102.5 per game on 46.1 percent shooting during a 4-17 funk. "We pride ourselves on the defensive end," Baron Davis said. "Our defense gives us a lot of opportunities and fast-break points." The Clippers have done a nice job containing Ellis this season, but Dorell Wright has averaged 25.5 points against them while hitting 11 of 14 from 3-point range. The veteran forward is scoring 23.4 points per game in the last nine - second to Ellis (24.0) during that stretch. The teams' final meeting is Jan. 22 in Los Angeles. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   