Timberwolves-Grizzlies Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Apr 02 2011 1:53AM Because of their strong play at home, the Memphis Grizzlies have a chance to clinch their first playoff berth in five seasons during a lengthy stay there. The Grizzlies will try to move a step closer to the postseason by winning the first of four straight games at the FedExForum on Saturday night against the Minnesota Timberwolves. At 27-10, Memphis has one of the best home records in the Western Conference, and it's used that to help build a three-game lead over ninth-place Houston with six remaining for both teams. The Grizzlies (43-33) also tied New Orleans for seventh with a 93-81 road victory over the Hornets on Friday. Memphis held its Southwest Division rivals to 12 points in the first quarter en route to a third consecutive win. "They made some shots that were contested, but our defense was great," said coach Lionel Hollins, whose team is also one game behind sixth-place Portland. "We're playing at a high level. It's incredible to look at our energy and our effort out there." Zach Randolph scored 28 points and finished three assists shy of his first career triple-double. Tony Allen added 17 points and has scored 15.9 per game over the last eight contests - 7.0 more than his season average. Randolph and Allen will next try to lead their team to a season-high sixth consecutive win at home. Judging by their recent matchups with Minnesota, the Grizzlies could accomplish that goal Saturday. They've outscored the Timberwolves by an average of nearly 16 points in winning all three meetings this season. Memphis also enters this game having claimed six of seven matchups and six of seven overall games. Minnesota, meanwhile, extended its season-high skid to nine on Friday with a 111-92 home loss to Miami. The Timberwolves (17-59) held a one-point edge over the Southeast Division leaders at the break but were outscored 25-1 to start the second half. "They just came out and smoked us," coach Kurt Rambis said. "We couldn't find ways to get stops, couldn't protect the paint, couldn't score. That kind of sealed our fate." Rambis' team, a conference-worst 5-32 on the road this season, has dropped seven in a row there and three straight in Memphis. To avoid matching their longest road losing streak against the Grizzlies, the Timberwolves could use a better defensive effort on Randolph. The Memphis big man has averaged 23.5 points and 11.5 rebounds in his two matchups this season with Minnesota. He sat out a 109-89 rout at home Oct. 30 because of an ailing back, but O.J. Mayo scored a season-high 29 points. The Grizzlies haven't won six straight at home since a franchise-record, 11-game win streak there last season. Following Saturday's game, Memphis will face two more teams with losing records, the Los Angeles Clippers and Sacramento. The Grizzlies wrap up the homestand with another matchup against New Orleans. A sweep would help them match their franchise-best 31-10 home record from 2003-04. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited