
 Hawks-Magic Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Nov 08 2010 1:22AM The Orlando Magic brushed aside the upstart Atlanta Hawks six months ago. Injuries to a pair of key players might make that task more difficult. The Magic could be without Vince Carter and Jameer Nelson on Monday night when they seek to continue their recent dominance of the visiting Hawks. Orlando (4-1) swept Atlanta (6-1) in the second round of last season's playoffs, winning the four games by an average of 25.3 points. Including that sweep, the Magic have won 10 of the last 11 meetings in this series overall and five in a row at home over the Hawks. Injuries might help end that streak. Carter, who averaged 18.3 points and shot 51.0 percent against Atlanta in the playoffs, exited Saturday's 91-88 win at Charlotte in the final minutes after suffering a strained right hip flexor when he slipped on a wet spot and fell hard on the court. Coach Stan Van Gundy was upset about the injury, which left Carter's status uncertain. "It was a needless injury and that's what (ticks) me off," Magic coach Stan Van Gundy said. "He was pretty hurt and wasn't coming back into that game." Van Gundy also has cause to be concerned with Nelson's health. The point guard sat out Saturday's victory with a left ankle injury suffered the previous night in a 105-90 win over New Jersey. "It's getting better and I'm just trying to get as much treatment as I can before (Monday) and see how it feels then," said Nelson, who averaged 17.3 points and 6.0 assists in the postseason sweep of the Hawks. "There is no timetable." Continued strong production from Dwight Howard could soften the blow of the potential absences. The four-time All-Star center leads the Magic with averages of 22.4 points per game, 11.4 rebounds and 3.0 blocks. He posted similar numbers - 21.0 points, 13.3 boards and 2.8 blocks - against Atlanta in the playoffs. Atlanta hasn't won in Orlando since Oct. 29, 2008. The Hawks are also looking to open 5-0 on the road for the first time since 1967, when the franchise was located in St. Louis. They lost some momentum Sunday, falling 118-114 at home to Phoenix to end their season-opening winning streak at six. "We gotta refocus. We gotta go down there and be men on a mission," coach Larry Drew said. "We let this one get away at home (Sunday). We're playing against a team that has pretty much had their way with us in the last few games. It's time for us to stand up and be counted. We gotta go down there to see what we're made of." Swingman Joe Johnson and center Al Horford scored season highs in the loss to the Suns. Johnson had 34 points while Horford added 30, shot 13 for 16 and hauled in 10 rebounds. Johnson and Horford struggled against the Magic last season, averaging 14.5 points and 10.5, respectively, in eight meetings. Johnson shot just 29.8 percent in the playoff series, including 3 for 17 from 3-point range. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   