Wizards-Jazz Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Mar 28 2011 1:27AM An untimely five-game losing streak has the Utah Jazz clinging to dim playoff hopes. Hosting the dismal and short-handed Washington Wizards should provide some brief relief. The Jazz will try to avoid matching their longest slide of the season beating the Wizards for a fifth consecutive meeting at EnergySolutions Arena. Utah (36-38) is 11th in the Western Conference, five games back of Memphis for the eighth and final playoff spot with eight games to play. The Jazz have dropped into this precarious postseason position thanks in part to a five-game skid that is one shy of their season high set from Feb. 9-23. They got closer to matching that Saturday, getting outscored 36-17 in the fourth quarter of a 94-77 loss to Dallas. Utah's scoring output in the contest was its lowest under Ty Corbin, who has lost 15 of 16 since taking over for the retired Jerry Sloan. "One game, we come in and turn the ball over," said forward C.J. Miles, who had 16 points against the Mavericks. "One game, we just can't make a shot. One game, we just can't stop anybody. It just seems like we can't put everything together at one time and it's tough to play that way." The Jazz have had little trouble putting things together against the Wizards (17-55), winning 19 of the last 22 meetings in Salt Lake City, including the last four by an average of 21.5 points. Utah, however, lost 108-101 at Washington in the most recent meeting Jan. 17. Al Jefferson had 25 points and 10 rebounds in that matchup, and has nearly matched that production over his last three games overall. The forward-center is making 60.7 percent of his shots to average 25.0 points with 10.7 boards while providing the Jazz with a rare bright spot in that stretch. The Wizards are one of three teams in the East to be eliminated from playoff contention, and are a dreadful 1-35 on the road. They've dropped 10 straight on the road and 10 of 11 overall, and are trying to salvage the finale of this five-game road trip after a 114-104 loss Sunday at Golden State. "We're not good enough," coach Flip Saunders said. "That can be frustrating. But that's like if I run you in a race I'm going to probably beat you all 10 times because you're not as fast as me. Same thing right now. We're just young and not as talented as the teams we're playing." Getting a second road win will be more difficult without leading scorer Nick Young. The swingman, who is averaging 17.6 points, sat out the second half Sunday with a sore left knee and has been ruled out for this game. JaVale McGee, however, is coming off the best game of his three-season career Sunday, scoring a career-high 28 points while matching his personal best of 18 rebounds and adding five blocks. He has averaged 21.0 points, 14.7 rebounds and 3.0 blocks his past three games. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited