Hornets-Bobcats Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Apr 16 2012 12:15AM The Charlotte Bobcats own the worst record in the NBA, and they're on the verge of breaking a dubious franchise record they just set earlier this season. The Bobcats will try to avoid a 17th consecutive defeat when they host the surging New Orleans Hornets on Monday night in a matchup pitting the owner of the worst record in each conference. Charlotte (7-52) is already assured of finishing with the worst record in the league. If the Bobcats lose all of their remaining seven games, they'll finish with the worst single-season winning percentage in NBA history. They matched the longest losing streak in club history - set earlier this season from Jan. 16-Feb. 15 - on Sunday, falling for the 16th time in a row with a 94-82 defeat to Boston. The current skid also includes a franchise-record nine-game home losing streak. A defeat to the Hornets (18-42), would also give Charlotte the league's longest overall skid since Cleveland dropped 26 straight Dec. 20, 2010-Feb. 9, 2011. "One of the problems we have is we don't have post-up people," coach Paul Silas said. "Gerald Henderson is our only guy and he really shoots a jumper over people and he makes it, but that's about all we have. So you have to play on the outside, run pick and roll a lot. That's the kind of thing we play for." Henderson, who leads the team with a career-high 14.3 points per game, finishing with 22 on Sunday. He had a team-high 15 points with six rebounds in a 73-71 victory at New Orleans on March 12. The Bobcats are looking to sweep the season series for the first time, but they've dropped the last two home matchups with the Hornets including an 88-81 defeat Jan. 15, 2011. While the Bobcats have shown few, if any, signs of improvement throughout the season, the Hornets are seeking their first four-game winning streak since a 10-game run Jan. 9-26, 2011. They Hornets posted their third straight win and fifth in seven games Sunday, beating Memphis 88-75 at home. Their future also appears brighter after Tom Benson, the owner of the NFL's New Orleans Saints, purchased the team from the league Friday. "He's looking forward to good things to come," forward Jason Smith said. "It feels great to have an actual owner." It may also feel great to have guard Eric Gordon on the court. Gordon, who has played just seven games this season due to various injuries, had 18 points against the Grizzlies after scoring 25 to spark a 96-85 win over Utah two days prior. "I'm trying to help this team and I'm looking forward to what comes in the future," said Gordon, who will be a restricted free agent after the season. "The future's bright here." Gordon hasn't faced the Bobcats since scoring 11 points in a win with the Los Angeles Clippers on Feb. 22, 2010. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited