Lakers-Spurs Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Mar 05 2011 9:25PM So much is going well for the San Antonio Spurs that their star point guard decided to ignore his doctor's advice - and he was right to do so. The Los Angeles Lakers haven't been as lucky in recent matchups with their Western Conference rival. San Antonio looks to extend its franchise-record 22-game home winning streak Sunday afternoon when it hosts Los Angeles, winner of six straight. Tony Parker was expected to be sidelined as long as a month with a strained calf muscle but wound up missing two games. He made his surprise return Friday, scoring 15 points as San Antonio (51-11) routed Miami 125-95. "I disagreed," Parker said. "I was telling my doctor, I don't need a week." Parker sparked a shooting performance never previously seen in Spurs history. They hit a franchise-record 17 3-pointers, including a 6-of-7 effort from Matt Bonner. Eight of those 3-pointers came in the first quarter, when San Antonio outscored Miami 36-12. Manu Ginobili hit three 3s and scored 20 points to lead eight Spurs in double figures. "That's a ridiculous night as far as 3s go," coach Greg Popovich said. "It's very rare. We had it (Friday) and we're thankful for it. It made for a wonderful night." The victory improved San Antonio to an NBA-best 29-2 at home. The Spurs have won 22 straight at AT&T Center since a Nov. 26 defeat against Dallas. They've also defeated the Lakers three consecutive times, including once on each team's home floor this season. Parker scored 23 points in a 97-82 home Dec. 28, and had 21 in an 89-88 thriller at Staples Center on Feb. 3, when Antonio McDyess tipped in Tim Duncan's miss as time expired. Los Angeles (44-19) has won 10 of 13 since that defeat, including a 92-84 home victory Friday against Charlotte. The Lakers got a scare when Derek Fisher left in the second quarter and didn't return because of a sprained left elbow. However, the NBA's active leader with 476 consecutive games played is expected to be back in the lineup Sunday. "We're playing much more aggressive basketball," said Kobe Bryant, who led Los Angeles on Friday with 27 points. "We're attacking. We're getting after it at both ends. That's a big difference." Coach Phil Jackson disagreed, saying Friday's performance against the Bobcats won't be enough against the NBA-best Spurs. "I didn't like any part of the game (Friday), none of it," Jackson said. "We weren't fluid, didn't move the ball well. ... If we play Sunday like we did (Friday), we're not going to be in the contest." The Lakers have scored fewer than 90 points in each game of their skid against the Spurs, with Bryant shooting 30.4 percent and averaging 19.7 points in the three defeats. Parker has averaged 22.2 points over his last five games against the Lakers, but Duncan has 10 total points in the two meetings this season. The Lakers have won three straight road games, but this contest begins a daunting four-game trip over seven days. Los Angeles will also travel to Atlanta, Miami and Dallas - each of the four opponents on the trip owns one of the league's 10 best records. Only Atlanta (.597) sports a winning percentage below .694. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited