
 Trail Blazers-Thunder Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Nov 11 2010 3:20PM Brandon Roy has already had two surgeries on each of his knees. The last thing the injury-prone Portland Trail Blazers need is for their star guard to have more problems with them. Roy is expected to be in the starting lineup when the Trail Blazers open a three-game trip against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday night. Roy, who underwent surgery on his left knee in high school and on his right knee at Washington, did not miss any playing time in 2008-09 following a preseason procedure on his left knee. The three-time All-Star, though, missed the final two regular-season games last year after a slight meniscus tear was repaired in his right knee. Scoring a team-high 19.2 points per game, Roy again faces the prospect of being sidelined. He admitted after a 100-78 victory over Detroit on Tuesday that swelling in his left knee has become more consistent. After scoring a season-low eight points in a 121-96 road loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday, Roy had 11 in a season-low 21 minutes versus the Pistons. He left in the first quarter and had his right knee wrapped with a heating pad before returning midway through the second quarter with a black sleeve on his left calf. "We felt like we had the game under control so we didn't bring (Roy) back in the second half," coach Nate McMillan said. "Rudy (Fernandez) was playing good basketball and we just decided to keep him on the bench for the rest of the game. He could have come back." The banged-up Trail Blazers (6-3) will likely be careful with Roy while they await a diagnosis, which could come next week. Knee injuries have sidelined centers Greg Oden and Joel Przybilla, and rookie guard Elliot Williams suffered a dislocated right patella last week. Fernandez, who has made five of 10 3-pointers while scoring 13 points in each of the last two games since missing two with a sore back, will likely see increased playing time. While Portland opens its trip with plenty of uncertainty surrounding one of its top finishers, the Thunder (4-3) are feeling more confident in their ability to close out games. After losing three of four, Oklahoma City held off Philadelphia's fourth-quarter rally in a 109-103 victory Wednesday. Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook, who had 31 points apiece, combined to score the Thunder's final 12 after the 76ers trimmed a 11-point deficit to three with 3:35 left. "So far, I think we've been doing a good job closing down games," guard Thabo Sefolosha said. "Every time we're close in the fourth quarter, we've been able to come out on top." The Thunder are shooting 42.5 percent from the field and allowing nearly six points more per game this season (103.9) than in 2009-10. However, they're hitting 52.6 percent from the field in last three minutes of the fourth quarter while holding opponents to 29.7 percent. In a 107-106 overtime victory at Portland on Nov. 4, the Thunder shot a season-best 49.4 percent and overcame a 13-point third-quarter deficit. Durant and Westbrook each had 28 points and 11 boards, while LaMarcus Aldridge had 22 points to lead the Trail Blazers. Roy scored 19 but shot 6 of 17. Portland has won three in a row in Oklahoma City. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   