
 Nuggets-Hornets Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Oct 28 2010 11:33PM It was a drama-filled offseason for two of the NBA's biggest superstars, but after leading their teams to season-opening wins, they might want to think about sticking around their respective clubs for a while. Carmelo Anthony and Chris Paul will go head-to-head Friday night when the Denver Nuggets visit the New Orleans Hornets. Anthony turned down a three-year, $65 million extension in the offseason which led to talk of his departure, but he was still in a Nuggets uniform Wednesday, and led the team with 23 points in a 110-88 victory over Utah. After the game, the three-time All Star said he would take things one day at a time. "I'm here. Tonight, I was excited about this game. I can't control what happens out there. Whatever happens, is going to happen," he said. "The fans, they want to see basketball. They don't want drama. I don't want drama." The Nuggets have taken three straight from the Hornets, and are 6-0 when Anthony scores at least 30 - about five more than his career average. Coach George Karl made his triumphant return to the bench after missing the final two months of the season as he dealt with neck and throat cancer. Karl was glad to be back on the sidelines and thankful for all the support he received. "I don't know if there was one moment (that stood out) other than just the appreciation of the players," he told the Nuggets official website. "I told the players before the game that their friendship and their togetherness over the summer helped me want to get back." Denver, which surrendered 102.4 points per game in 2009-10, came out with a great defensive effort against the Jazz. Chauncey Billups collected three steals and helped limit Utah to 38.6 percent shooting from the floor. "We've been looking forward to this game for a while," said Billups. "We've got guys playing really well right now." The Nuggets might have a tougher time in their second game. Paul scored 17 points and dished out 16 assists in a 95-91 win over Milwaukee on Wednesday in Monty Williams' head coaching debut. Paul's name was also discussed in trade talk after it was reported he was unhappy with the franchise's direction. However, he spoke very highly of Williams after the game. "He's not just a head coach. He's more than that because he really wants us to succeed and he puts a lot of time in," Paul said. "So we were happy to get him his first win and his first game ball." The three-time All Star could be in line for another big game as he has averaged 23.0 points and 12.6 assists in his last nine games against Denver. He missed both matchups last season while recovering from left knee surgery that limited him to a career-low 45 games. David West had 22 points on 9 of 14 from the floor and grabbed seven rebounds for the Hornets, but he may want to leave the scoring to his teammates - New Orleans is 0-5 against Denver when West scores at least 20. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   