Celtics-76ers Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Dec 06 2012 10:36PM Rajon Rondo and Jrue Holiday lead the Eastern Conference in assists and had no trouble racking them up the last time they met. The point guards will match up twice this weekend when Rondo's Boston Celtics and Holiday's 76ers begin a home-and-home set at the Wells Fargo Center on Friday night. Boston's Rondo leads the NBA with 12.8 assists per game while Holiday is averaging 9.3. Philadelphia won 106-100 in the first meeting between these teams Nov. 9 at Boston that ended a six-game win streak by the home team in this series. Holiday had 21 points and 14 assists while Rondo finished with 14 points and matched a season high with 20 assists. If there was an edge for the 76ers, it was the play of Holiday's backcourt mate Evan Turner, who had team highs of 25 points and 11 boards. Rondo's backcourt mate at the time was Courtney Lee, who scored six points. The 76ers have also won five of their last six at home against the Celtics, including playoffs. "They must have great confidence against us," Boston coach Doc Rivers said. "So those are going to be hard games. I do like it, especially in this stretch, because I think we've started to play a little bit better. We've struggled playing in Philly so I love all the bad stuff because that's good the way I look at it in my demented way." These Atlantic Division rivals have identical 10-8 records as they sit in third place behind New York and Brooklyn. They also meet Saturday at the TD Garden. Rondo returned Wednesday from a two-game suspension for a fight last week against the Nets and had 17 points and 11 assists in a 104-94 victory over Minnesota. Boston split the games without him. "Having Rondo back was big for us," Kevin Garnett said. "I thought he brought a lot of good energy. We were excited that he was back, probably fed off of that." Garnett had 18 points and 10 rebounds for his fifth double-double and Paul Pierce added 18 points as all five starters scored in double figures. Garnett was also called upon to battle Kevin Love, who had 19 points and 13 rebounds but made just 6 of 15 shots. The Boston center will be up against Philadelphia's Lavoy Allen and Spencer Hawes, who share the bulk of their team's minutes in the pivot. Sixers coach Doug Collins said after Thursday's practice that he wants to see more from Hawes, calling him "a big part of our team." Hawes had eight points and six rebounds in the first meeting. "I just showed our guys the Boston tape of the last game we played and it was the Spencer Hawes highlight show," Collins said. "I mean running the floor, sprinting the floor, around the basket, tipping balls in, catch and shooting, rolling out." Philadelphia is trying to avoid its first three-game slide after falling 105-88 to the Timberwolves on Tuesday. Turner scored 19 while Holiday was held to 13 - 5.2 below his team-high average. Reserve guard Nick Young has missed the last two games with a left big toe hyperextension, and said he may be able to return Saturday in Boston. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited