Celtics-76ers Preview By MATT BROWN Posted Dec 08 2010 11:35PM Since Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen joined forces with Paul Pierce three seasons ago, Boston hasn't lost very often. The Celtics' current "Big Three" has never lost in Philadelphia. Boston seeks its seventh consecutive victory in Philadelphia and its ninth in a row overall Thursday night when it opens a three-game road trip against the surging 76ers. One of the NBA's storied rivalries, the series between the Celtics and 76ers has been one-sided - especially at the Wells Fargo Center - since Garnett and Allen arrived in Boston. The Celtics are 6-0 there since the start of the 2007-08 season, and 10-2 in the series overall during that span. They've done it with stifling defense, limiting the Sixers to 91.0 points per game in the road meetings including an average of 80.0 in last season's two victories. The Celtics (17-4) have taken a similar path to victory during their current eight-game winning streak, allowing an average of 87.3 points and holding all but one opponent below 90. The run continued Wednesday with a 105-89 home win over Denver. In addition to another impressive defensive showing, Boston showed plenty of scoring prowess. Allen led the way with 28 points while Pierce and Garnett chipped in 17 apiece. Allen made 9 of 14 shots from the field, including 3 of 5 from 3-point range. "When he makes his shots you just assume it," coach Doc Rivers told the Celtics' official Twitter page. "When he doesn't you wanna talk about it. That's Ray Allen." Boston now must face a Philadelphia club which is playing much better than its record. The Sixers (7-14) have won five in a row at home, four of five overall and have scored just 10 points fewer than their opponents this season despite being seven games under .500. "It's very refreshing," forward Thaddeus Young said. "Any time we can go out there and get four out of five victories, it's big for the team. We need those wins that help us make a push for the playoffs and help get us in the mix for things." Despite coming off the bench, Young is Philadelphia's third-leading scorer at 12.3 points per game. He set season highs with 26 points and 11 rebounds in Tuesday night's 117-97 victory over Cleveland. Young made 11 of 12 shots from the field including his lone 3-point attempt - something coach Doug Collins is trying to get him to avoid. "I told him that 3-point line is like the electric fence that you put in your yard with a dog," Collins said of Young, a 34.2 percent career shooter from beyond the arc. "You get across and it shocks you, so stay in front of it." The entire offense was clicking Tuesday. The Sixers cruised after scoring a season-high 66 points in the first half, and all five starters scored in double figures for the first time in 2009-10. Philadelphia is seeking to win three in a row for the first time since a five-game run Jan. 31-Feb. 9. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited