Hornets-Lakers Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Mar 26 2011 4:13PM Whether or not their last-ditched run at the top seed in the Western Conference falls short, the Los Angeles Lakers could be opening the playoffs against the New Orleans Hornets. That may work in favor of the two-time defending champions, who look for a seventh straight victory overall and ninth in a row at Staples Center on Sunday night when they play a Hornets team coping with the loss of David West for the season. Since losing three straight heading into the All-Star break, Los Angeles (52-20) has gone 14-1 to move past Dallas and trim San Antonio's West lead from 8 1/2 to five with 10 games to play for each team. The Lakers host the Spurs on April 12 in the teams' final regular-season matchup. "The rest of the season we will try to make a legitimate push for the number one seat - that's our goal," Andrew Bynum said after returning from a two-game suspension Friday and scoring 11 points with 12 rebounds in a 112-104 victory over the Clippers. The Lakers now try to post nine straight home victories for the first time since an 11-game run from Nov. 17-Dec. 22, 2009. Los Angeles has a good chance at moving closer to that mark Sunday because the Hornets (42-31) haven't won any of the teams' three meetings this season, and those came when West was available. The All-Star forward was lost for the season to a torn left ACL in Thursday's 121-117 overtime win at Utah. "You never wish injury on somebody. You rather have him play if that's the case," Lakers forward Lamar Odom said. "But they're a tough team with one of the best point guards in the game." That point guard is Chris Paul, who scored 22 points to lead five Hornets in double figures in their first game since West's injury - Friday's 106-100 victory at Phoenix. "A lot of guys stepped up," said Paul, averaging 22.7 points and 11.3 assists in the last six games. "When you lose someone like D-West you can't just throw one person in there, it has to be by committee." West not being available is only one reason the Lakers might prefer to face seventh-place New Orleans in the first round of the playoffs, which would be the case if the season ended now. While the Lakers take the court Sunday going for their first season sweep of the Hornets since 2004-05, they have only managed a season split with eighth-place Memphis, which is within two games of New Orleans. Without West, the Hornets will likely lean heavily on Carl Landry. In his first start since being acquired from Sacramento last month, Landry had 19 points and six rebounds Friday. "Right before halftime, coach (Monty Williams) just told me to just play, just be yourself," Landry said. "Don't try to be David West, don't try to be something that you're not, don't try to put all the weight on your shoulders." Kobe Bryant has taken that approach this season, with his minutes per game (33.9) being his fewest since 1997-98 and his 19.8 shots per game his lowest in eight years. However, he's having his fourth-best season in terms of points per 48 minutes with 35.5. With 37 points versus the Clippers, Bryant matched his best two-game scoring stretch of the season with 79. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited