Rockets-Trail Blazers Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Feb 28 2011 4:05PM The Portland Trail Blazers are finally starting to get healthy and seem to have survived a scare to their best player. Seeking a fifth consecutive home victory against the recently hot Houston Rockets, the Blazers are likely to have LaMarcus Aldridge available as they try to sweep the season series Tuesday night. Aldridge left late in the first quarter of Sunday night's 90-83 loss to Atlanta with discomfort in his left knee but returned in the second with a brace. Aldridge had averaged 31.9 points on 59.3 percent shooting and 9.0 rebounds in his last seven games before finishing with 19 points and eight boards. "It feels OK now," he said after the game. Portland (33-26), in seventh place in the Western Conference, trailed by as many as 23 and was outscored 49-31 over the second and third quarters Sunday. Coach Nate McMillan, though, isn't concerned and knows that getting a feel for his lineup with the addition of Gerald Wallace and the returns of Marcus Camby and Brandon Roy won't happen overnight. "It doesn't surprise me that you're out of rhythm, you're out of sync in your first game," McMillan said. "It's going to take some time to get a rotation." Wallace, acquired from Charlotte on Thursday, had nine points on 4-of-12 shooting and five rebounds in his Blazers' debut. "I was kinda nervous," said Wallace, who had 21 points, 14 rebounds, three steals and two blocks Nov. 26 against Houston while with Charlotte. "Feels like the first day of school, trying to fit in and adjust to everybody, not trying to step on any toes or whatever." Camby, who leads the team with 11.2 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game, was held scoreless in his return after missing 16 games with a knee injury. Roy, who was sidelined for more than two months (knees), is also getting eased back into action. Roy, scoring 9.7 points per game since returning Wednesday, is averaging 27.2 in his last five meetings with the Rockets. Portland, which has taken both matchups versus Houston this season, has won four straight at home in the series, including a 100-85 victory Jan. 2 as Aldridge had 25 points and 11 rebounds. The Rockets (30-31) used an impressive fourth-quarter comeback to record a season-best fifth straight road win Sunday night, 91-89 over New Orleans. Houston, three games behind the eighth and final playoff spot in the West, erased a 16-point deficit en route to its fourth consecutive win overall and fifth in six games. "For us to be down and fight and claw our way back - it just shows the growth of this team and how good we can be and how dangerous we can be," said center Chuck Hayes, who recorded at least 11 rebounds for the third consecutive game. Kevin Martin led the way with 33 points - his third straight 30-point effort. He made 6 of 8 shots from 3-point range en route to a season-high 45 points in a 103-100 home loss to Portland on Jan. 5. Guard Goran Dragic, acquired from Phoenix on Thursday, was held out against New Orleans with the flu and his status for this game is unknown. The Rockets haven't won six straight on the road since a 12-game run Jan. 4-March 12, 2008. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited