Timberwolves-Mavericks Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Mar 23 2011 4:40PM Though he's no longer an All-Star caliber player and he's fairly new to the Dallas Mavericks, Peja Stojakovic returning could be a key factor in helping the team climb out of its funk. The Mavericks try for an 18th win in 19 games over the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves, who will be missing Kevin Love as the teams close their season series Thursday night. Of the 14 games in which Stojakovic has appeared for Dallas (49-21) following his release from Toronto, the Mavericks are 12-0 when he plays at least 15 minutes. They lost the other two games as he totaled two points and less than 23 minutes. Stojakovic's debut with Dallas was delayed two weeks until Feb. 7 due to a knee injury which caused him to miss half the season, and he recently sat out another six games with neck stiffness. Dallas went 2-4 during that span and shot just 30.9 percent from 3-point range in those four losses. Stojakovic, though, returned Sunday night to make a season-best five 3-pointers in eight attempts and scored 17 points in a 101-73 victory over Golden State. "He really spreads the floor," said Dirk Nowitzki, who scored 20 points. "He was moving well, moving to his spots. He was aggressive and his shot was flowing. It was fun to watch." Dallas has averaged 98.2 points this season without Stojakovic, compared to 108.6 when he plays. Stojakovic, who made the last of his three All-Star appearances in 2004, ranks fourth all-time with 1,739 made 3-pointers - 43 behind teammate Jason Kidd. "Obviously, Stojakovic coming back and getting it going was a big factor for us," coach Rick Carlisle said. "He's been shooting the ball at that level for 20 years." Shawn Marion was held out against Golden State with an injured right wrist and his status for this game is unknown. The Mavs did fine without him Sunday, allowing less than 80 points for the first time all season, but Minnesota (17-54) might have a much tougher time without Love. The league leader in rebounds (15.4 per game) and double-doubles (64) will miss a game for the first time this season due to a strained left groin. He also will sit out Friday's game in Oklahoma City. Love, scoring a team-best 20.3 points per game, has averaged just 10.8 during Minnesota's four-game losing streak. The Timberwolves have been outscored by 19.5 points during their skid while committing 20.3 turnovers per game, raising their league-leading average to 17.2. "As part of being professionals, you have to learn how to play every game the same," forward Anthony Tolliver said. "Unfortunately we don't. A lot of guys on this team don't bring it every night. It's something that we all have to work on." Minnesota has lost five straight on the road, surrendering an average of 107.8 points. The Mavericks had lost three of four at home before winning Sunday, when they improved to 12-1 at the American Airlines Center when holding teams below 43.0 percent from the field. Dallas has won both matchups this season and is looking to sweep the Timberwolves for the fourth time in five seasons. Minnesota's lone victory in the past 18 meetings came in Dallas on Feb. 5, 2010. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited