Jazz-Magic Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Dec 22 2012 11:51PM The Orlando Magic know they'll have to find a way to win without injured center Glen Davis. The Utah Jazz can only hope point guard Mo Williams' injury isn't too serious. Orlando will try to extend its season-best home winning streak to four on Sunday night when the Jazz go for a fifth consecutive victory in this series and a .500 trip. Davis is second on the Magic (12-14) with 16.0 points per game and 7.9 rebounds, but he's expected to be on the shelf for four to six weeks after suffering a sprained left shoulder in the final minute of Wednesday's 90-83 victory over Washington. With rookie Andrew Nicholson in Davis' place, Orlando had its four-game winning streak snapped on Friday, losing 93-90 at Toronto. "When you are missing one of your leading scorers, that makes it tough," Arron Afflalo told the Magic's official website after finishing with a team-best 26 points. "You want to continue to win, but a big part of our successful rhythm came with the guys who were contributing toward that success. You take Glen out of that and it hurts because he's a key contributor. … We'll have to continue to address this as any team would have to when they lose a key player." It's uncertain if Magic coach Jacque Vaughn, a former Jazz first-round pick, will keep sending Nicholson out as a starter or go with Gustavo Ayon, who posted his first double-double of the season Friday with 12 points and 13 rebounds. "We all just tried to pick up for (Davis') loss and adjust by rebounding the ball more," said Nikola Vucevic, who posted his fourth double-double in five games with 16 points and 12 boards. "I thought we did a pretty good job, but obviously we are going to miss (Davis) because he's our (second) leading scorer and he makes a lot of shots for us." Davis had a team-best 18 points with 12 rebounds in an 87-81 loss at Salt Lake City on Dec. 5. That victory was the start of a season-best four-game winning streak for the Jazz (14-14), but the team arrives in Orlando with four losses in their last five games. Utah has dropped its last two by a combined 36 points after losing 105-89 to Miami on Saturday. Williams, who is averaging 12.9 points with a team-best 6.7 assists, suffered a sprained right thumb and did not play in the second half of that contest. He later admitted that his thumb feels like it did four years ago when he suffered a tear. Williams is expected to have an MRI on Sunday. If he can't go, coach Tyrone Corbin would likely slide Earl Watson or Jamaal Tinsley into the starting lineup. Another concern for the Jazz has to be the play of leading scorer Al Jefferson, who has 10 total points on 3-of-16 shooting in the last two games. Jefferson, though, finished with a season-best 31 points and 15 boards earlier this month against Orlando before leaving with back spasms. Jefferson scored 21 points and Paul Millsap added 23 in Utah's last game at Orlando, a 104-94 victory on Nov. 10, 2010. The Magic had won six of the previous seven with the Jazz in town. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited