Wizards-Celtics Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Nov 17 2010 11:34AM Rajon Rondo is showing few signs of slowing down, and he has the Boston Celtics rolling. The Washington Wizards just want to get John Wall back on the court. In what could be the first meeting between two of the top young point guards in the NBA, Rondo will try to help the Celtics re-establish their success against the Wizards on Wednesday night. Boston (8-2) is atop the Eastern Conference due in part to stellar play from Rondo, who leads the league with 15.1 assists per game while adding 10.8 points, 5.2 rebounds and 2.7 steals. While Rondo, 24, is in his fifth season, Wall is trying to live up to the hype of being the top pick in last summer's draft. He hasn't disappointed thus far, leading the Wizards (3-6) with averages of 18.1 points and 9.8 assists. The 20-year-old Wall, though, is nursing a sprained left foot that forced him to miss Tuesday's 109-94 win over Toronto, but he could be back after accompanying the team to Boston. With Washington hoping to get its young star back, Rondo is looking to build on another outstanding effort. He dished out 17 assists and scored 11 points in a 116-110 overtime win at Memphis on Saturday, capping a 3-1 trip for the Celtics. "Excellent trip," said center Shaquille O'Neal, whose 18 points were his season high. "We're 8-2, and if we can go 8-2 out of every 10, I will be very happy ... We should be 10-0, so we're playing well." The Celtics are 4-0 at home, winning the last two games there in overtime. Paul Pierce is also playing a major role in Boston's success, averaging a team-high 21.0 points. He is shooting 60.4 percent from the field while scoring 25.7 points in his last three games. The swingman matched a season high with 28 points on 9-for-13 shooting Saturday. Pierce was limited to nine points in a 106-96 home loss to Washington in the most recent matchup April 9, ending the Celtics' six-game winning streak in the series. Rondo averaged 17.5 points and 10.5 assists in four meetings with the Wizards last season. This could be the first time Rondo and Wall find themselves on the court together. However, if Wall's injury remains a problem, Washington would replace him with Gilbert Arenas again. Arenas was impressive in his first start since his suspension for bringing guns into the Verizon Center locker room, scoring 20 points with seven rebounds and six assists Tuesday. That performance came three nights after he had a season-high 30 points off the bench following Wall's injury in a 103-96 loss at Chicago. "He's starting to get his legs under him," coach Flip Saunders said. "He puts so much pressure on the other team knowing that they have to guard him." Arenas is averaging 28.9 points over his last 11 meetings with Boston, but has missed eight games in that span due to the suspension and various injuries. "It's been almost four years since I've really played the game. Just going out there playing means a lot to me - whether it's starting or coming off the bench," Arenas said. Boston is scheduled to have its own suspended guard back in Delonte West. He served a 10-game ban stemming from an arrest on weapons charges while playing for Cleveland. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited