Pistons-Heat Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Dec 01 2010 12:45AM LeBron James is about to get a first-hand look at how his decision went over among his former fans. Avoiding a letdown against the Detroit Pistons, however, is the first priority. With the superstar's highly charged homecoming looming, James and the Miami Heat will try to carry some momentum from just their second win in six games when they host the Pistons on Wednesday night. The hype surrounding James' return to Cleveland on Thursday night is already building as James prepares for what is expected to be a rowdy reception in the city he scorned during the summer, instead declaring he was "taking my talents to South Beach" to join Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh. "It's going to be tough, but I'm there to win a basketball game," James said Tuesday. "I understand. I understand how passionate fans are about sports. I'm ready for whatever response that I'm going to get. It's going to be very emotional." While James may be looking ahead to his return, the Heat (10-8) likely prefer he keep focused on Detroit (6-12). James was dominant while leading the Cavaliers to 11 straight wins over the Pistons - including an opening-round playoff sweep in 2009. He averaged 29.5 points, 9.3 rebounds and 7.5 assists during the streak. The forward leads Miami with 23.7 points and 7.7 assists per game this season. He scored 30 points with six rebounds and five assists in Monday's 105-94 win over Washington after meeting with coach Erik Spoelstra to discuss the Heat's offensive struggles. Miami had been averaging 92.2 points while going 1-4 in its five previous games. James and Spoelstra were also involved in a shoulder-bump incident as James walked off the court during Saturday's 106-95 loss in Dallas, but Spoelstra feels beating the Wizards shows things are progressing. "We move on. You know, we can't dwell on this. It's a step in the right direction," Spoelstra said. "And now we have to continue to build these habits and remember that pain. I won't forget the pain of (Saturday) ... and I don't want our guys to forget that, either." Still, Miami is searching for some consistency for its Big Three after James, Wade and Bosh combined for 76 points Monday. "We have to figure out how to complement each other on the court," James said. Hosting the Pistons may give the Heat that chance. Detroit is 2-8 on the road and allows opponents to shoot 46.5 percent while averaging 100.5 points, both among the worst in the Eastern Conference. Detroit is also struggling offensively, averaging 86.0 points on 42.4 percent shooting during a four-game road losing streak. Those issues continued in Tuesday's 90-79 loss at Orlando, as the Pistons shot 42.7 percent while making 4 of 16 from 3-point range. One recent positive has been the play of Tayshaun Prince, who had a team-high 16 points on 7-of-12 shooting against the Magic. Prince scored a season-high 31 points in Detroit's previous game, a 125-116 double-overtime loss to New York on Sunday. Prince had 28 points to support Ben Gordon's 39 in a 106-99 win at Miami on April 9, which snapped Detroit's five-game losing streak to the Heat. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited