Hornets-Mavericks Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Apr 13 2011 1:53AM The Dallas Mavericks and the New Orleans Hornets both know they're headed to the Western Conference playoffs, where Dallas will have home-court advantage in the first round while New Orleans opens on the road. Beyond that, it's anyone's guess. Each team has a few potential first-round opponents on its radar, but the Mavericks have a chance to finish second in the conference if they can beat the visiting Hornets on Wednesday night - a scenario that might work in New Orleans' favor. Dallas (56-25) seemed to have no shot at catching the Los Angeles Lakers for the West's No. 2 seed after four straight losses from March 31-April 6, but it's suddenly back in the mix. Monday's 98-91 overtime win at Houston was the Mavericks' third straight victory, and though the Lakers snapped their five-game skid by beating San Antonio on Tuesday, there's still a chance for coach Rick Carlisle's team to finish second. Dallas needs to beat New Orleans (46-35) and have the Lakers lose at Sacramento. "On the one hand, it's exciting, there's a possibility to move up if we keep winning and if the Lakers lose," Carlisle told the Mavericks' official website. "On the other side of it, there's a lot of different possibilities. I've been in this position many times before, and very seldom does it look like you're locked into something." Dallas could also fall to fourth - below the Lakers and Oklahoma City - with a loss and Thunder win Wednesday, meaning it would face a Denver team it lost to three times in four meetings. If it finishes second, it would face New Orleans or Memphis, while finishing third would result in a matchup with Portland. The Mavericks didn't win the season series against any of those teams, splitting four games with the Trail Blazers, losing three of four to the Grizzlies and dropping two of three to the Hornets. In fact, Dallas has lost nine consecutive games against fellow Western playoff teams since beating the Lakers on Jan. 19. Should the Mavericks win Wednesday, the only way New Orleans would avoid finishing eighth - and thus facing top-seeded San Antonio in the first round - is if Memphis loses to the Clippers. The eighth seed might be a blessing in disguise for the Hornets, however. They went 0-4 against the Lakers - another potential opponent - but have split four meetings with the Spurs. Regardless of New Orleans' foe, it'll have to play a lot better than it has in its past two games. The Hornets let Memphis shoot 60.3 percent in a 111-89 road loss Sunday, then came home Monday and allowed Utah to shoot 55.2 percent while falling 90-78. "We have to do a little bit of soul-searching and get back to Hornets basketball," guard Willie Green said. "We've just got to get back to playing better defense. That has been our pillar all year long." All three of the Hornets' games against Dallas have been decided by three points or fewer, with the most recent meeting ending in particularly exciting fashion. The visiting Mavericks led 92-85 with a minute to play March 9, but New Orleans scored the final eight points - the last three coming after Jarrett Jack was fouled shooting a 3 - to seal a wild 93-92 victory. Dallas guard Jason Terry is looking forward to delivering some payback. "They've got our number right now from the last couple of times we played them in New Orleans," Terry said. "So, we're really looking forward to (this) game." Chris Paul, who missed that win with a concussion, has averaged 29.3 points and 4.3 steals in his last four games at Dallas - though he's only won there once in nine career regular-season visits. Dirk Nowitzki's carried the load this season against the Hornets, averaging 26.7 points, but New Orleans should be worried about letting Shawn Marion get comfortable Wednesday. The four-time All-Star, who's averaged just 6.7 points in the season series, has averaged 18.8 points and 8.0 rebounds in April. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited