
 Hawks-Timberwolves Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Nov 04 2010 2:28PM Despite being undefeated, the Atlanta Hawks still feel they haven't played up to the level they're capable of. They'll try to change that against a struggling opponent they've defeated eight straight times. The Hawks look to remain the Eastern Conference's lone team without a loss Friday night when they visit the Minnesota Timberwolves, who are coming off their worst defeat in franchise history. Atlanta (5-0) is one of three undefeated teams in the NBA, joining the Los Angeles Lakers and New Orleans. To keep their best start since opening 6-0 in 2008-09 intact, the Hawks had to rally against Detroit on Wednesday, closing the game on an 18-4 run en route to a 94-85 victory. "We haven't played our best, but we're still winning," said Joe Johnson, who finished with 14 points on 5-of-15 shooting. Johnson averaged 23.0 points in the first three games, but he's scored a combined 29 the last two while shooting 30.6 percent. "It's been a little tough the last couple of games," Johnson said. "I just haven't really been able to get into a rhythm. I know it will come, I'm not really worried about that." Johnson will try to bounce back as he faces a Minnesota team he's averaged 22.8 points against in his last six meetings. The Hawks could also receive a boost Friday with the possible return of Jamal Crawford, who sat out Wednesday with right turf toe. Crawford is Atlanta's top player off the bench, averaging 15.8 points, and he scored a game-high 26 in his last visit to the Target Center as the Hawks won 112-87 on Dec. 22. Crawford wasn't the only Hawk hurting Wednesday. Reserve swingman Maurice Evans missed his fourth straight game with a right knee injury, while starting forward Marvin Williams left the game late after landing hard on his right knee. Williams did not make the trip to Minnesota. The Hawks had a very productive bench over the first three games, averaging 38.3 points, but the reserves have averaged 25.5 over the last two. Depth concerns might not be an issue against Minnesota, which has lost its last three by an average of 31.3 points. The Timberwolves (1-4) fell 128-86 in Orlando on Wednesday for their worst loss in franchise history. They allowed 78 points in the first half, one night after losing by 32 at Miami. "These are hard lessons for a young team to learn," coach Kurt Rambis said Wednesday. "They didn't play well offensively and do the right things, and we clearly didn't do the right things defensively either." Michael Beasley, who averaged 13.8 points and 6.0 rebounds over the previous four games, sat with a sore left hip after he took a hard fall against the Heat. Beasley hopes to return Friday to provide Kevin Love - who had team highs of 22 points and nine rebounds against the Magic - some help on offense and the glass. Minnesota was outrebounded 56-40 by the Magic and has given up an average of 113.6 points. The Timberwolves, who have been held to fewer than 100 points in the last 11 meetings, last beat Atlanta at home in 2006. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   