
 Timberwolves-Rockets Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 07 2010 1:38AM While the Houston Rockets remain the only winless team in the NBA, they're likely looking forward to facing the Minnesota Timberwolves. Houston will try for its 12th consecutive victory and eighth in a row at the Toyota Center versus Minnesota on Sunday night. Playing without Yao Ming on Saturday, the Rockets dropped to 0-5 for the first time since 1999-2000 with a 124-121 loss in San Antonio. Houston is putting strict limits on Yao's minutes to try and keep him healthy, and coach Rick Adelman felt Yao, who is averaging 12.7 points and 7.3 rebounds, had a more enticing matchup Sunday against Minnesota. "I don't know if it's right or not," Adelman said regarding his decision. Yao missed all of 2009-10 after surgery to repair a stress fracture in his left foot, and he hasn't appeared in back-to-back games this season. The seven-time All Star is averaging 18.7 points against the Timberwolves in his career, and the Rockets may want to look for Yao early and often - they are 11-3 against Minnesota when he scores at least 15. While Yao's health is enough of a concern, Houston received more bad news as starting guards Kevin Martin and Aaron Brooks both left Saturday's game with left ankle sprains. Brooks, who is averaging a team-high 5.4 assists, was carried off the court at halftime after coming down on Manu Ginobili's foot, and Martin left in the third quarter after having scored a team-high 24 points. Both players will be re-evaluated Sunday, and it remains unknown if either will play against the Timberwolves. Brooks put up a career-high 43 points in the Rockets' 120-114 win over Minnesota on Jan. 13. The Rockets trailed by seven heading into the fourth quarter Saturday, but rallied and had a chance to seal the game. However, Courtney Lee missed two free throws with 16.8 seconds remaining in regulation, which eventually allowed the Spurs to force the extra period. "There's no satisfaction in losing this game," Adelman said. "We need a win." Minnesota (1-5) went a franchise-tying worst 5-36 on the road last season, and lack of scoring has contributed to an 0-3 start away from home in 2010-11. The Timberwolves are averaging 90.7 points on the road compared to 105.0 at the Target Center, but could be line for a breakout game against a Rockets defense allowing an NBA-worst 116.4 points per game. Minnesota will look to snap a four-game losing streak after falling to unbeaten Atlanta 113-103 on Friday. Michael Beasley scored 16 points and grabbed six rebounds, but knows the Timberwolves need to come out with a better defensive effort. "It was frustrating, we were getting everything we wanted on our end, we just couldn't stop them on the other side of the floor," he said. "Its just something we need to continue to work on and get better at. "We play hard, I know our record doesn't really show it, but we play hard. We're competitive down the line, we just need to find a way to put it together." Kevin Love, who leads the team with 17.0 points and 11.0 rebounds per game, recorded his fourth double-double of the season with 18 and 12 against the Hawks. However, he's averaging 9.8 points and 8.3 rebounds in six career games against the Rockets. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   