Raptors-Pacers Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Dec 06 2010 12:55AM The Indiana Pacers are off to their best start in three seasons, but are struggling to take care of the ball. The Toronto Raptors hope that trend continues. The turnover-prone Pacers return home Monday night after a four-game West Coast road trip to host the Raptors. Indiana committed a season-high 25 turnovers and blew a 12-point lead in Friday's 105-97 defeat in Phoenix. The Pacers (9-9) are at the .500 mark through 18 games for the first time since 2007-08, but dropped the final two games of their trip after winning the first two. "We're not a happy group right now, nor should we be," coach Jim O'Brien told the team's official website. "We had a chance to make this a very good road trip and we didn't do it." Providing extra possessions for the opposition also cost the Pacers in a 110-88 defeat at Utah on Wednesday. Indiana lost the turnover battle 43-21 in the two losses combined. Danny Granger, who averages 21.8 points but was held to eight against the Suns, said Indiana is confident it can get back on track. "We're disappointed, a little frustrated we let one get away in Phoenix with 100 turnovers or whatever it was," Granger said. "We've just got to come back (Monday) night (against Toronto)." The Raptors are looking to bounce back themselves after a 116-99 loss to New York on Sunday. Toronto (8-12) has dropped three of five after a season-high four-game winning streak. Coach Jay Triano wasn't pleased with his team's effort, despite placing at least five players in double figures for the fourth straight game. "You can go through the list and see who didn't play well for us," Triano said. "When your list is that long you're not going to beat the better teams" Jerryd Bayless scored a season-high 23 points off the bench in his fifth game since the Raptors acquired him from Portland in a Nov. 20 trade. The guard, whom the Pacers originally selected with the 11th pick in the 2008 draft before trading him to Portland, had 10 points on 5-of-6 shooting the last time he faced Indiana, a 102-79 Blazers victory March 3. The Raptors would welcome another solid effort from Amir Johnson, who set a season high with 22 points and grabbed a career-high 16 rebounds against the Knicks. He's scored in double figures in his last two games after back-to-back four-point performances. "I'm taking the open shots and I'm not rushing anything," Johnson said. "I just try and make myself available and knock down shots." Toronto has lost four straight in Indiana including a 130-115 defeat Feb. 2, but did get a career-high 34 points from Andrea Bargnani in that contest. Danny Granger had 23 points to lead seven Pacers in double figures. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited