Rockets-Grizzlies Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Jan 20 2011 4:58PM The Houston Rockets hold a slim lead over the Memphis Grizzlies in the Western Conference. Recent matchups between the teams have been anything but close. The visiting Rockets try to win their fourth straight overall and eighth in a row over the struggling Grizzlies in a Southwest Division matchup Friday night. With three consecutive wins and back-to-back losses by Memphis (19-23), Houston (20-23) has climbed past the Grizzlies and stayed close to eighth-place Portland in the West. The Rockets, a handful of games out of the final playoff spot, are 10th in the conference. The Rockets, who defeated New York 104-89 on Wednesday, will try to extend their run before hosting Orlando on Saturday. "We want to take it to four straight wins and then we can think about Orlando," big man Luis Scola told the Rockets' official website. "It's going to be a tough back-to-back but we need both games. We need go out there in Memphis and do a good job. We beat them the two times we played them, they'll be ready to play us too." That hasn't necessarily been the case in the last seven games between the teams, as Houston has averaged 106.9 points while winning by an average of 15.5. The Rockets have won three straight in Memphis, taking the last matchup there 127-111 on Dec. 3. Those three victories have come by 14.7 points a contest. The Grizzlies, though, have played well against some of the Western Conference's top clubs this month, beating the Los Angeles Lakers, Oklahoma City, Utah and Dallas. Memphis couldn't knock off another playoff contender Wednesday, falling 103-102 in overtime at New Orleans after leading by 15 in the second half. "It was definitely one we should have had," forward Zach Randolph said after recording 17 points and 10 rebounds. "We don't know how to win games at the end." Randolph is scoring 13.5 points per game against Houston this season - 6.5 below his season average - and will likely be matched up with Rockets center Chuck Hayes. In the eight games Hayes missed from Dec. 31-Jan. 12 due to a sprained right ankle, Houston was outrebounded by an average of 5.3. In four contests since he's returned, the Rockets have grabbed 4.5 more boards per game than their opponents. Memphis guards Mike Conley and Sam Young will face a tough challenge in defending counterparts Kyle Lowry and Kevin Martin, who have burned the Grizzlies this season. Lowry had a career-high 28 points with 12 assists Dec. 3 and scored 17 with a career-best 18 assists in the second meeting. Martin had 28 points in last month's game in Memphis, then scored 20 of his 34 in the first quarter Dec. 17. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited