
 76ers-Mavericks Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Nov 11 2010 3:39PM Dirk Nowitzki is leading the way offensively, Jason Terry's hitting 3-pointers at an impressive rate and Jason Kidd is among the league leaders in assists. While it seems like little has changed with the Dallas Mavericks, their early defensive improvement suggests otherwise. The addition of Tyson Chandler has the Mavericks playing some of the league's best defense, a trend they'll look to continue as they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night. Dallas (5-2) hasn't been a bad defensive team the past few seasons, but it's hardly stood out as its identity has been more reliant upon Kidd to lead an up-tempo offense. Seven games in, it's been remarkably efficient at both ends of the floor. While shooting a Western Conference-best 49.2 percent might not be totally surprising considering the presence of Nowitzki and Terry, owning the No. 1 field goal defense (41.7 percent) in the West is a bit more difficult to believe. Chandler, whom the Mavericks acquired in July from Charlotte, has helped make a difference. He's averaged 8.1 rebounds and made the paint a tougher place for opponents to score. Dallas allows 39.7 points per game in the paint, the second-fewest in the West behind New Orleans. He's also shooting 73.9 percent and has averaged 11.5 points in the Mavericks' consecutive wins. Chandler was one of six Dallas players in double figures in Wednesday's 106-91 victory at Memphis. "Defensively, we got out there. I've been saying this all year, give credit to the big fellas," said Terry, who is 15 of 30 from 3-point range. "They set the tone early, controlled the paint, grabbed rebounds and then ran the floor. They took care of what they had to and we fed off of it." Dallas won Wednesday without Caron Butler, who suffered back spasms in Monday's 89-87 victory over Boston, and with Nowitzki at less than 100 percent. The former MVP suffered an ankle injury in the second quarter but returned after halftime and finished with a game-high 10 rebounds. "This guy is so tough, it is ridiculous," coach Rick Carlisle said. Shawn Marion had his best game of the season in place of Butler. But even after scoring 20 points, it's likely Marion will return to the bench if Butler can go Friday. Philadelphia (2-6) has split the first two games of a five-game road trip, playing both without Andre Iguodala (strained Achilles' tendon). After beating New York 106-96 on Sunday, the 76ers weren't nearly as sharp defensively Wednesday in a 109-103 loss to Oklahoma City. "We've got to be better in crucial situations but it's not like we got beat by bad players tonight," coach Doug Collins said. "... We just have to get better." It's unclear if Iguodala will return Friday, but Philadelphia might have a more serious injury concern. Sixth man Lou Williams, the team's second-leading scorer at 16.4 points per game, left Wednesday's game with a left shoulder injury that was diagnosed Thursday as a separation of the AC joint. He's day to day. The 76ers have been held to 88.6 points per game in losing their last five visits to Dallas, four by double figures. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   