Celtics-Clippers Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Feb 26 2011 2:34AM Kevin Garnett said it felt like the Boston Celtics lost a family member when the team decided to deal Kendrick Perkins shortly before Thursday's trade deadline. Judging by their performance later that night, the Celtics can't get their new additions on the floor fast enough. Jeff Green and Nenad Krstic will likely make their Boston debuts Saturday night at Staples Center against the Los Angeles Clippers, who may have to wait another game before seeing their recent acquisitions on the court. There were eight trades made on the day of the deadline, none more surprising than the deal that sent Perkins - widely regarded as one of the league's top interior defenders - and Nate Robinson to Oklahoma City for Green and Krstic. The trade hit home with Boston's veterans, who watched Perkins become an integral part of one of the league's best defensive teams the past three seasons. "It's definitely emotional," Paul Pierce said. "... The guys around this locker room were definitely hurt to see Perk go." The shorthanded Celtics (41-15) looked like a distracted team Thursday night in Denver, shooting just 39.0 percent and getting outrebounded 52-38 in an 89-75 loss. "Tough day to play basketball," Garnett said. "Very tough day to play basketball, to even concentrate. Just being bluntly honest. You feel like you lost a family member today." Coach Doc Rivers said he expects Green and Krstic to practice Saturday, which would likely let them play against the Clippers (21-38). That's great news for Green, who had a team-high 22 points as the Thunder routed Los Angeles 111-88 on Tuesday. Contract talks had stalled with Perkins, a free agent after this season, so the likelihood of losing the big man over the summer certainly played into Boston's decision. The concern of not having a reliable option behind Pierce also weighed heavily. Disappointing backup Marquis Daniels was shipped to Sacramento on Thursday, and the Celtics are hoping Green can give them what swingman James Posey did during their run to the 2008 title. "We've been trying to get that lineup since Posey left. And I think people forget how many times we did that in the playoffs, which was every fourth quarter for the most part," Rivers said. "We haven't been able to duplicate that." The Clippers traded Baron Davis to Cleveland on Thursday for Mo Williams and Jamario Moon, but neither newcomer played Friday against the Lakers because Davis had yet to take his physical. Both hope to be cleared Saturday, but coach Vinny Del Negro thinks it's more likely they'll debut Monday at Sacramento. The Clippers played their first game in Los Angeles since Feb. 2 on Friday, but their matchup with the Lakers was technically an away game - their 11th in a row. To cap the league's longest road trip since 1978, the Clippers trailed by just two at halftime but were outscored 33-17 in the third quarter en route to a 108-95 loss. "It's still a road game with their crowd and things, but we're looking forward to tomorrow night," Del Negro said. "The schedule hasn't been in our favor, with everything we've had to deal with." The Clippers have won nine of their last 10 at home behind 28.1 points per game from Blake Griffin, who will have his hands full down low against Garnett. Boston has lost its past two road games against the Clippers by two points apiece, though it was without Garnett two years ago and Pierce last season. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited