Timberwolves-Hornets Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Feb 06 2011 5:57PM The New Orleans Hornets have quickly cooled off since matching their longest winning streak in franchise history. A visit from the lowly Minnesota Timberwolves seems likely to help them get back on track, but the Hornets couldn't stop the Timberwolves earlier this season. In Monday night's rematch, New Orleans will try to win its sixth straight at home over Minnesota. The Hornets (32-20) had a six-game home win streak snapped with a 101-95 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday night and dropped to 1-4 overall following a run of 10 consecutive victories. New Orleans allowed an average of 86.8 points during its team-record-tying win streak but has given up 100.0 per contest in the past five games while dealing with injuries. Starting forward Trevor Ariza is day-to-day with a sprained right ankle and reserve center Jason Smith missed Saturday's game with an illness. The Hornets tried to add some depth by signing Sasha Pavlovic, who played for Minnesota last season, to a 10-day contract Friday. The Hornets are also without starting center Emeka Okafor, who has missed three straight games with a strained left oblique muscle. Aaron Gray had his fourth career double-double (10 points, 10 rebounds) while starting in place of Okafor on Saturday. "We don't use anything as an excuse and I think our guys have bought into that," coach Monty Williams said. "If you put an NBA jersey on you have a chance to win the game and that's how we approach it." No matter how short-handed, Williams' team seems to have a chance for a victory with Minnesota (11-39) visiting. The Timberwolves enter the game having dropped 14 of 16 overall and with the Western Conference's worst road record at 2-23. Minnesota has also allowed an average of 111.5 points while losing nine of 10, including a 113-100 defeat to Denver on Saturday night. The Nuggets shot 54.4 percent. "There should be a nice flow to the movement to our defense and we get this kind of stuff," coach Kurt Rambis said, making a frenetic, chopping motion with his arms. "That opens up gaps for good teams to be able to find those opportunities inside." After scoring four points the previous night in a loss at Toronto, Michael Beasley had 23 points, and All-Star big man Kevin Love recorded his 36th consecutive double-double with 18 points and 19 rebounds. If he posts another Monday, Love will tie the franchise record established by Kevin Garnett from Feb. 1-Nov. 6, 2006. He has five double-doubles in eight career matchups with the Hornets. Beasley scored 30 points and rookie Wes Johnson had a season-high 24 as Minnesota claimed a 113-98 win over New Orleans on Dec. 27. The Timberwolves shot 53.2 percent in that victory as all five starters scored in double figures. They also limited the Hornets to 42.4 percent shooting while snapping a six-game skid in the series. Minnesota, though, was routed 114-86 in its last trip to New Orleans on April 11 - its fifth straight loss there. Okafor had a team-best 23 points for the Hornets, who were playing without All-Star point guard Chris Paul. Paul had 22 points and 13 assists in the December loss to the Timberwolves and David West scored 23 points. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited