76ers-Cavaliers Preview By JUSTIN EINHORN Posted Nov 16 2010 2:19PM At this time last year, Evan Turner was embarking on a junior season at Ohio State in which he would become college basketball's top player. He's returning to Ohio with his NBA career off to a very different start. Turner has a long way to go to prove he's worthy of being the No. 2 overall draft pick, and maybe visiting the state where he became a star can provide a spark as the Philadelphia 76ers face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday night. Turner was the national player of the year for the 2009-10 season, becoming the first Division I player in 50 years to average at least 20 points, nine rebounds and six assists. His clutch play helped the Buckeyes earn a No. 2 seed for the NCAA tournament, after which Turner announced he was skipping his senior season to turn pro. While top overall pick John Wall is averaging 18.1 points and 9.8 assists, Turner is at 8.5 points and 2.1 assists per game. He's getting much less playing time than Wall because 76ers coach Doug Collins doesn't want to tire him out. Collins is concerned about Turner's adjustment to the rigors of the NBA schedule. "It's a big growth to step into the NBA and all of a sudden, you're on a road trip and you're playing in Oklahoma City Wednesday, and then you travel," he said. "You got Dallas and you fly and get in late and you got to learn how to handle how to tell the difference from college, where you play every four days. It's a part of the growth experience and Evan will be fine." Collins started Turner the last four games, and the move seemed to work as the 22-year-old swingman averaged 14.5 points and 9.0 rebounds in the first two. However, in the last two, Turner totaled five points and 10 boards, going 2 of 9 from the field with more turnovers (three) than assists (two). After going scoreless in a 116-93 loss at San Antonio on Saturday, Turner heads to Quicken Loans Arena to play about two hours from the Ohio State campus. He played poorly against the Cavaliers (4-5) in Philadelphia on Nov. 5, scoring five points on 2-of-7 shooting in a 123-116 loss. Cleveland's Mo Williams and Anderson Varejao combined for 45 points in that win - Varejao also had 12 rebounds - but it's possible neither will play Tuesday. Williams missed a 99-85 home loss to Indiana on Saturday due to a strained groin, and Varejao sat out with bruised ribs. While Ramon Sessions had 17 points and five assists filling in for Williams, Ryan Hollins and Leon Powe took Varejao's minutes but combined for just 13 points and six boards. The 76ers (2-8) also have injury concerns. Andre Iguodala, whose 12.8 scoring average is his lowest since 2005-06, will sit out for the third time in four games due to a strained Achilles' tendon. Lou Williams has played through an injured shoulder the last two games, but he shot 3 for 9 on Saturday. "I felt OK," said Williams, shooting 25.7 percent in the last four games. "It wasn't that bad, I'm just going to deal with some soreness. I'm going to continue to play hard and help as best I can." The Sixers are wrapping up a five-game road trip, having lost the last three. The Cavs, closing a three-game homestand, have dropped four straight at Quicken Loans Arena. They had six home losses all of last season. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited