Nuggets-Warriors Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Feb 08 2011 6:33PM If these are Carmelo Anthony's final days in Denver, he's certainly going out on a personal high note. His team, however, appears to be headed in the opposite direction. Anthony's amped-up scoring average hasn't coincided with wins for the Nuggets of late, and rumors of his departure continue to swirl as visiting Denver looks for an eighth consecutive victory over the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night. Late last month, it seemed as if the Nuggets (30-22) might be entertaining the thought of keeping Anthony. But after a stretch of eight wins in 10 games, little has gone right since. Anthony's play hasn't suffered - he's averaged 32.6 points in his last five games - but the Nuggets aren't following suit. They've lost four of six, and the rumors have revved up again. The Knicks and Lakers reportedly have engaged in recent discussions with Denver regarding Anthony, who matched his career high with 50 points Monday night against Houston. The big effort wasn't enough for the Nuggets, who had 20 turnovers in a 108-103 loss and suffered a second consecutive home defeat for the first time this season. "When you score 50 points and lose you start thinking why? Why the 50?" Anthony said after Denver lost for the third straight time when he topped 30 points. "If we'd have won it would have been totally different." The Nuggets only have six games left before the trade deadline, but Anthony claims he's solely focused on winning with his current team, which sits in seventh place in the Western Conference. "We are right there. We always compete, we are right there," Anthony said. "Record-wise a lot of teams might be better than us, but as far as competing and the level of talent on our team compared to other teams, we are right there." Denver's playoff hopes could have taken a serious blow Monday. Chauncey Billups left after straining his knee in the first quarter, but an MRI Tuesday revealed no serious damage. He's listed as day-to-day and will travel to Oakland with the team. Billups is questionable to play Wednesday along with Nene, who missed the loss to the Rockets with a sinus infection and is a game-time decision to face the Warriors (22-28). Denver didn't have an injured Billups on Nov. 22 when it visited Oracle Arena, but Anthony scored 39 points and Al Harrington had 19 off the bench in a 106-89 victory. The Nuggets have averaged 123.7 points in their seven straight wins in the series. Billups has scored 37 apiece the last two times he's faced Golden State, accounting for two of the four highest-scoring games of his career. The typically defensive-challenged Warriors seemed to have turned a corner after allowing just 88.3 points per game in consecutive wins over Utah, Milwaukee and Chicago, but that trend ended in the first three quarters Monday against Phoenix. The Suns shot 61.0 percent and had 89 points through 36 minutes of a 104-92 victory. "We played terrible," said guard Monta Ellis, who missed 12 of his 17 shots. "It was embarrassing the way we came out and played. We had been playing great last few games, and to come out here and put a performance like this is very disappointing." Ellis has averaged 28.3 points but shot 38.6 percent in his last four games versus Denver. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited