Cavaliers-Clippers Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Mar 18 2011 7:00PM The Cleveland Cavaliers were elated after snapping the longest losing streak in NBA history last month against the Los Angeles Clippers. Coach Byron Scott was anything but pleased following Cleveland's latest outing. The visiting Cavaliers will try for a 10th consecutive win over the Clippers when the teams meet Saturday for the first time since exchanging point guards prior to the trade deadline. Cleveland (13-54) entered its Feb. 11 matchup with Los Angeles (26-43) having lost a league-record 26 straight but ended the slide with a 126-119 victory, recording its highest scoring output of the season. Baron Davis had 26 points and seven assists for the Clippers while Mo Williams registered 17 and 14, respectively, for the Cavaliers. Davis, along with an unprotected first-round draft pick, was traded to Cleveland 13 days later for Williams and forward Jamario Moon, a move that has yet to greatly improve either team in the standings. While the Clippers, who are 13th in the Western Conference, are 5-6 since the deal, the league-worst Cavaliers fell to 3-7 with a 111-70 defeat at Portland on Thursday night. Cleveland, outscored 37-12 in the first quarter and 25-11 in the third, suffered its most lopsided defeat since registering the lowest point total in franchise history in a 112-57 road loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Jan. 11. "A good, old-fashioned butt whooping. Our team is just so soft mentally, it's unbelievable," Scott said Thursday. "We were just on our heels the whole night, with no resistance defensively." Davis returned after missing three games due to the death of his grandmother but had three points and three turnovers with no assists in 15 minutes. "I think it's a learning process. It's definitely, definitely disappointing," Davis said. "A lot of teams lose ... you go through tough losses like this, blowout losses like that and hopefully we can re-group and put everything in perspective and just play with a little bit more passion and more energy to start the games, and let that be our guiding light." While Cavs top scorer Antawn Jamison is likely out for the season with a broken pinky, Clippers leading scorer Eric Gordon could return Saturday after missing 24 of the last 26 games with a wrist injury. Gordon missed last month's matchup with Cleveland while Jamison scored 35 points. Los Angeles has lost three of four since winning a season-high four straight. The team was back home after a five-game road trip Wednesday night and lost 104-94 to Philadelphia. "We just need to do a better job of coming out of the gates ready," said Blake Griffin, who had 14 points on 3-of-12 shooting and grabbed eight rebounds. "It's on us and it's on me. I have to do a better job making sure I'm ready and prepared for every game." Griffin had 32 points and 13 boards last month against the Cavs but is averaging 16.9 points - 5.3 below his season mark - on 40.2 percent shooting in the last seven games. He's third in the league with 54 double-doubles but hasn't had one in five straight. Los Angeles has lost nine in a row to the Cavaliers since a 102-90 win Dec. 3, 2005. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited