Knicks-Bulls Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Oct 31 2013 1:07AM Derrick Rose's return didn't go as well as he hoped, both personally and for the Chicago Bulls. If his recent performances against the New York Knicks are any indication, Rose's first meaningful game at home since coming back from injury could have a better outcome. Rose looks to bounce back from a tough season opener as Chicago seeks a sixth straight victory over New York on Thursday night. After sitting out all of last season rehabbing from a torn ACL suffered late in Game 1 of a 2012 first-round playoff series against Philadelphia, Rose scored 12 points on 4-of-15 shooting as the Bulls fell 107-95 to defending champion Miami on Tuesday. "If anything, I'm disappointed in the loss," said Rose, who committed five turnovers. "My performance, I can easily change that by making shots and turning down the turnovers. It's not the end of the world. We can fix things. We did not show what we were capable of." Rose insisted his layoff had nothing to do with the sub-par performance. "I don't think it was any rust," Rose said. "If anything, I have amnesia about it and we play in two nights." The Bulls likely haven't forgotten how great he's been against the Knicks. Rose has averaged 27.8 points over his last nine versus New York, and his career average of 24.7 is his second-best against any team. Chicago has been solid against New York even without Rose, winning all four meetings last season. It has taken eight of the last nine overall and 20 of the last 23 at home. The Knicks blew a 25-point lead in their opener Wednesday, but Carmelo Anthony was solid down the stretch and finished with 19 points and 10 rebounds in a 90-83 win over Milwaukee. "It was a test for us to see what type of team we are when it comes down to situations like that," Anthony said. Tyson Chandler, who spent his first five seasons with the Bulls, had 10 points and five blocks. "We want to put teams away, especially, you know, you're going into a back-to-back, so you have an opportunity to rest," Chandler said. "But like I say, at the end of the day, learning experience, and I'd rather learn with a win than a loss." New York played without reigning Sixth Man of the Year J.R. Smith, who is suspended for the first five games for violating the league's anti-drug policy. Amare Stoudemire, who is coming off knee surgery, dressed but did not play to rest for this contest. Raymond Felton scored 18 points and suffered a minor hamstring injury, but he doesn't think it will keep him out Thursday. Anthony has averaged 35.2 points in his last five against the Bulls, who haven't lost at home to New York since a 120-112 defeat on Nov. 10, 2010 - one season before Anthony was acquired from Denver. Joakim Noah, who had 11 rebounds but just two points in the opener, knows Chicago has to get solid contributions from everyone moving forward. Carlos Boozer had 31 points and Jimmy Butler, whose fourth-year contract option was picked up by the team Wednesday, finished with 20. "I really believe in this team more than ever," Noah said. "I'm going to play better; our offense is going to get better. We feel like we're capable of playing a lot better." New York last beat Chicago on April 8, 2012. Anthony, who scored 43 points, hit a tying 3-pointer with 11 seconds left in regulation before nailing a 3 with eight seconds remaining in overtime to give the Knicks a 100-99 victory. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited