Hawks-Bucks Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Jan 25 2011 5:25PM The Atlanta Hawks followed a humiliating home loss with their sixth straight road win their last time out. They have to feel pretty good about their chances to extend that run Wednesday night. The Hawks will get Al Horford and Marvin Williams back in the lineup in Milwaukee, where a second victory over the struggling Bucks in the past month would give them their longest road winning streak since 1993. Williams has been out with a back injury since Dec. 29, but Atlanta went 7-2 in its first nine games without him. Its first game without Horford, on the other hand, was an embarrassment. Atlanta shot 29.1 percent in a 100-59 loss to visiting New Orleans on Friday, scoring its fewest points since moving to the city in 1968. The Hawks (29-16) got a quick chance to bounce back, and they took full advantage. Atlanta outscored Charlotte 59-38 after halftime Saturday to win 103-87, its sixth straight victory away from home. "We were just more aggressive in the second half," said guard Joe Johnson, who had a game-high 32 points. "We came out and made the plays we had to. We played with a lot more energy than last night and started to play Hawks basketball again." Atlanta hasn't won seven straight on the road since Nov. 17-Dec. 22, 1993, and it will have an excellent chance to make it happen Wednesday. Williams and Horford will return, while Johnson and Josh Smith are expected to play despite missing practice Monday with minor knee injuries. Coach Larry Drew wouldn't commit to a starting lineup, perhaps because he's not used to having a fully healthy team. "Felt a little weird," Drew told the Hawks' official website. "I'm going to soak in having all of the guys back, and on the plane ride up there I will think about it a little bit." All four were healthy when Atlanta visited Milwaukee on Dec. 27. Horford had 18 points and 12 rebounds to lead five players in double figures in a 95-80 win. In fitting with the Hawks' current form, the Bucks (16-26) won easily at Philips Arena on Nov. 10, leading by as many as 30 in a 108-91 victory as Corey Maggette scored a game-high 20 points. Brandon Jennings scored 19 in that contest, and the second-year point guard is getting close to returning from the broken left foot he suffered Dec. 18 against Utah. That likely won't happen until Friday at Toronto or Saturday against New Jersey, but Jennings isn't the only player Milwaukee is desperate to get back. Starting forward John Salmons has missed the past four games with a strained right hip - he's not sure when he'll return - and Drew Gooden continues to struggle with plantar fasciitis. Chris Douglas-Roberts did all he could to give the Bucks a boost Monday in Chicago, but it wasn't enough. Milwaukee scored 32 first-half points in falling behind by 16 and couldn't recover despite Douglas-Roberts scoring 22 of his 30 after the break in a 92-83 loss. "Tonight (Chris) got it going, it's great when he does," coach Scott Skiles said. "However, the key for him is on a night when he doesn't have it going, how can he help us." Douglas-Roberts had totaled 21 points in his previous six games, and he went scoreless last month against Atlanta. Horford has three consecutive double-doubles in Milwaukee. The Hawks are 15-6 this season when he has at least 10 points and 10 rebounds. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited