
 Nets-Warriors Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 16 2011 9:39PM The Golden State Warriors have seen signs of improvement over the last few weeks and they like their chances of continuing that during a favorable upcoming stretch in their schedule. The Warriors will try to win their sixth straight over the New Jersey Nets on Monday as they continue a five-game homestand. Golden State (16-23) is in 12th place in the Western Conference, but has been pleased with some promising results recently. The Warriors have won three of five and seven of 12, including a 122-112 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday. They have a good chance to build some momentum with New Jersey, Indiana and Sacramento still left to play on this current homestand before another eight-game stretch at home following their visit to the Clippers on Saturday. All three remaining opponents on this homestand have losing records with the Nets (10-30) and Kings (9-29) at or near the bottom of their respective conferences. Golden State is 10-7 at home. "The next week and a half will really tell our season," leading scorer Monta Ellis said. "Being in the West, we can't fall back two games. Two games is like four or five in the West." Ellis has been particularly impressive recently. He scored 30 points on 10-of-17 shooting against the Clippers after finishing with 38 two nights earlier against the Los Angeles Lakers. He's averaging 28.4 points and shooting 48.1 percent from 3-point range the last five games. Ellis and the Warriors will look to send the Nets to their sixth straight loss. New Jersey has also lost eight in a row and 18 of 19 on the road, falling 96-89 at Portland on Saturday. Brook Lopez scored 32 points and the Nets were ahead by as many as 13 points in the first half, but committed nine of their 13 turnovers after the break and Lopez was held to two points in the fourth quarter. Lopez scored 35 points in the loss to the Lakers, giving him back-to-back 30-point games for the first time. "They were doubling me far out, so we tried to swing the ball," Lopez said. "We had some good looks ... otherwise we made turnovers. The turnovers were really the story." Second-leading scorer Devin Harris had another rough performance after scoring six points the night before against the Lakers. He finished with eight against the Blazers, including four in the opening quarter. Harris is averaging 16 points, but amid trade rumors that he could be headed to Denver as part of the deal for Carmelo Anthony, he has been held to nearly half that over the last four games. Monday ends a four-game road trip for the Nets, who are 3-20 away from home. "We've got to fight through the mental and physical fatigue on the road if we want to be a good team," coach Avery Johnson said. The Warriors have won five straight against the Nets overall and at home. New Jersey's last win in the series came Dec. 22, 2007. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   