Magic-Wizards Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Dec 01 2013 6:01PM To some franchises, a sub-.500 opening month would be a reason to panic. To the undermanned and generally unsuccessful Washington Wizards, it's a sign of hope. After closing November with six wins in eight games despite a rash of injuries, the Wizards look to open December on a similarly strong note Monday night against the visiting Orlando Magic. Washington (8-9) is among the 13 Eastern Conference teams at or below .500, but considering it lost Bradley Beal (leg) for at least two weeks, has been without Al Harrington (knee) for three and has yet to see No. 3 overall pick Otto Porter make his debut, there won't be any complaints coming from the nation's capital. The Wizards lost 12 of their first 13 games two seasons ago and 13 of 14 in November a year ago, so being anywhere near .500 at this point represents a step in the right direction. Washington opened a four-game homestand with a 108-101 win over Atlanta on Saturday to ensure its best November since 1984 despite starting 2-7. "This was a good month for us. It was a tough start to the month, to the season. We didn't want to get the start we had, but it happened," coach Randy Wittman said. John Wall has picked up his game lately, averaging 25.3 points while shooting 51.4 percent over his last six contests. The Wizards are 7-3 when Wall scores at least 15 and 1-6 otherwise, though the former No. 1 overall pick knows his team needs to get its missing pieces back. "When we're healthy, I feel we can compete with anybody," Wall said. "We didn't panic because we knew what kind of team we had. We have a team that's capable of being in the playoffs." If the Magic (6-10) have similar aspirations, they'll want to avoid falling too much further below .500 over the next two weeks. Monday's game marks the beginning of a six-game road trip, and Orlando is 1-5 away from home. The Magic trailed by 18 at halftime Friday in a 109-91 loss to San Antonio, their fifth game in seven nights. "We just came off a little grind," forward Andrew Nicholson told the team's official website. "Now, we've just got to take care of ourselves (on the trip). I think we'll be ready for that and we'll be ready to go." Orlando is hoping a few of its key players will be ready to go at some point on the trip. Jameer Nelson sat out against the Spurs with a foot injury but will travel with the team, while Tobias Harris (ankle) could join the team at some point on the road after missing 15 of the first 16 games. Harris had a career high-tying 30 points and 11 rebounds when Orlando last met Washington, a 97-92 home win March 29. The home team won all four meetings in last season's series. The injuries to Beal, Porter and Harrington - and earlier ones to Trevor Ariza and Nene - have tested the Wizards' depth, and Washington's second unit has suffered as a result. Its reserves are averaging a league-low 18.8 points, and not since Martell Webster scored 21 on Nov. 13 has a Wizards bench player reached double digits. Webster has averaged 15.4 points while starting all nine games since. Magic leading scorer Arron Afflalo (21.4 points per game) shot 32.0 percent in three games against the Wizards last season - including a 1-for-11 performance in his last visit to the Verizon Center. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited