Raptors-Thunder Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Nov 05 2012 1:41PM The Oklahoma City Thunder are off to a slow start, but newcomer Kevin Martin isn't. Neither is Martin's former backcourt mate, Kyle Lowry, who is also making quite an impression with his new team. Off to their worst start since relocating from Seattle, the Thunder close out a three-game homestand Tuesday night when the Toronto Raptors try to build on their first victory. Acquired Oct. 27 in the deal that sent James Harden to Houston, Martin has given the Thunder (1-2) a legitimate third scoring option behind Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook. Martin is 12 of 17 from 3-point range and is averaging 20.7 points off the bench after making six 3s and finishing with a team-best 28 points in Sunday's 104-95 loss to Atlanta. Martin's production is a positive sign, but the Thunder need to take better care of the ball after their 21 turnovers led to 31 Hawks points. "We know there is a lot of work to be done and we're going to do it," coach Scott Brooks, whose team also allowed 12 offensive rebounds, told the Thunder's official website. "They know that tomorrow we come back at 11 o'clock and watch some film and try to figure out a few things that we should have done better and go from there." The Thunder, who opened with five consecutive wins last season, will need to figure out a way to contain Lowry. The Raptors' new point guard leads the team in scoring (23.7 ppg), rebounds (7.3) and assists (7.0). Lowry and DeMar DeRozan each scored 22 points and grabbed seven boards in Sunday's 105-86 home win over Minnesota. "He's a very good player and he really gets them going," Timberwolves coach Rick Adelman said of Lowry, who was Martin's teammate in Houston the last two-plus seasons. Lowry has also been getting the job done on the defensive side, recording 11 of the team's 29 steals. He and DeRozan both had three on Sunday. "We took a little step forward tonight," coach Dwane Casey said. "We had a lot more possessions because of the (24 Minnesota) turnovers." Durant, meanwhile, is among the league's worst with 5.3 turnovers per game after committing six for the second consecutive game Sunday. "I wish I could have had a couple of those turnovers back," said Durant, who is averaging 22.7 points and 14.3 boards. Toronto (1-2) is among the league's best with 11.7 turnovers per contest. The Raptors are also among the NBA leaders in first-quarter scoring with an average of 28.3 points. Toronto is 9 for 16 from beyond the arc in that period. That kind of early production could cause problems for an Oklahoma City team that trailed by eight after 12 minutes against the Hawks. "We can't start the game off in cruise mode. We've got to go take it," Durant said. "A team's not going to just let us feel our way into the game." The Thunder, who didn't lose their third game last season until their 15th contest, haven't dropped two straight in the regular season since snapping a season-worst three-game skid April 8 with a 91-75 home win over Toronto. Oklahoma City is 3-1 at home in this series. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited