Lakers-Trail Blazers Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Feb 23 2011 2:33AM Kobe Bryant is again a big reason why the Los Angeles Lakers are comfortably leading the Pacific Division. It may be LaMarcus Aldridge's impact on the Portland Trail Blazers, however, that is more impressive. Aldridge may also be getting some significant help, too. With guard Brandon Roy potentially back, Aldridge and the red-hot Trail Blazers seek their longest winning streak in over three years when they host Bryant and the Lakers on Wednesday night. Bryant is among the league scoring leaders with 25.0 points per game. That production from the four-time All-Star game MVP has helped Los Angeles (39-19) build a 10-game lead on second-place Phoenix as it seeks a fourth consecutive division title. While Bryant continues to keep the Lakers among the league's elite, Aldridge has been vital to Portland (32-24) overcoming a slew of injuries to reach the All-Star break fifth in the Western Conference by percentage points on New Orleans and Denver. The forward is averaging 26.3 points and 9.7 rebounds since a loss to Dallas on Dec. 15. That stellar play has helped the Trail Blazers survive despite knee injuries to Roy, Greg Oden and Marcus Camby. Aldridge has 10 games this season with at least 30 points, scoring 34 in a 103-96 win over New Orleans on Feb. 16, Portland's season-high sixth in a row. "We're playing through him," guard Andre Miller said. "The game is coming easy to him and we can get him transition points, post him up, get him to the free throw line and (have him) knock down jump shots, so he doesn't have to play too much with his back to the basket. And when he does he's making plays for everybody else." Now, the Blazers may have Roy back for the first time since Dec. 15 after undergoing surgery to both knees last month. He won't know his status until after the shootaround Wednesday. A three-time All-Star, Roy is having a down season, averaging 16.6 points on 39.9 percent shooting after making 47.3 percent from the field for 21.5 points per game in 2009-10. "We've missed him," Aldridge said. "We've been using Nic (Batum) at the four, and a lot of guys have been playing a lot of minutes. So getting Brandon back should be big for us." Aldridge and Roy both struggled in a 121-96 loss at Los Angeles on Nov. 7, scoring eight points each while combining to make 4 of 15 shots. Roy, though, is averaging 25.2 points in his last five meetings with the Lakers at the Rose Garden. However, a hamstring injury forced him to miss a 99-82 loss in the most recent matchup there Feb. 6, 2010, ending the Blazers' nine-game home winning streak in the series. Re-establishing that home success would give Portland its longest win streak since a 13-game run Dec. 3-30, 2007. The Lakers are looking for consecutive victories after returning from the break with a 104-80 rout of Atlanta on Tuesday, ending a three-game skid. "We know we're an elite team," Pau Gasol said. "We know we can be dominating. It just hasn't happened consistently enough. We're glad it happened (Tuesday), but we've got to do it again and again." Bryant is averaging 18.5 points on 39.7 percent shooting over the last four games, and was limited to 12 points in the latest meeting with the Blazers. Like Roy, an injury forced Bryant out of the Lakers' last visit to Portland, but he's averaging 33.9 points in his last 13 games there. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited