Bobcats-Heat Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Nov 18 2010 5:24PM One of the biggest early issues for Miami's Big Three had been Chris Bosh struggling to adjust to his new role with the Heat. Bosh finally appears to have regained his scoring touch, and could be poised for another big game. The power forward looks to build on his best performance of the season as the Heat host the Charlotte Bobcats - one of Bosh's favorite opponents - on Friday night. With Bosh, LeBron James and Dwyane Wade signing with Miami (7-4) over the summer, it seemed likely Bosh wouldn't be getting as many scoring opportunities as the other two superstars. That has been the case, and Bosh has also seemed hesitant at times. The five-time All-Star took a big step forward Wednesday, however, scoring a season-high 35 points before sitting out the fourth quarter of a 123-96 win over Phoenix. Bosh came in averaging 14.5 points, but had 14 in the first 12 minutes and surpassed his season high of 21 with 22 points by halftime. "I think he was due - well overdue - for one of these games," said James, who had 20 points, nine assists and eight rebounds. "It was great to see him finally crack the 30-point barrier that D-Wade and I have already accomplished this season." Bosh shot 12 of 17 from the floor and made all 11 free throws after attempting 18 field goals and seven foul shots in his previous two games combined. "When CB comes out as aggressive as he was, I think that helps us a lot," James said. It also helps when Bosh gets going offensively. Miami is 3-1 when he scores at least 17 points. The Heat, 1-3 against Charlotte last season, could be in store for another strong showing from Bosh. His 27.8 scoring average against the Bobcats since the start of 2007-08 is his second best against any opponent. In addition to getting Bosh on track, the Heat also managed to contain Steve Nash, limiting him to two assists. Shutting down opposing point guards has been a major problem for Miami, which allowed Rajon Rondo (twice), Deron Williams and Chris Paul to average 16.5 assists in its four losses. "We just wanted to focus on our game, our energy and really having a defensive edge to us," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. Charlotte's D.J. Augustin isn't considered one of the league's elite point guards, but he has been developing at the position. Augustin made just two starts last season but is averaging 13.5 points and 9.5 assists in his last four games, with the Bobcats (4-7) winning three. In a 113-110 win over Minnesota on Tuesday - Charlotte's first home victory of the season - Augustin finished with a season-high 11 assists and scored five points in the final 2 minutes. His 3-pointer with 1:51 remaining started a 10-1 run that helped the Bobcats turn an eight-point deficit into a one-point lead. "This team needed to step up and make big plays late and be rewarded for it," coach Larry Brown said. Gerald Wallace put Charlotte ahead for good with three free throws in the final 31 seconds. He finished with 26 points and a franchise-record 17 made foul shots. Wallace struggled against the Heat last season, averaging 14.5 points on 33.3 percent shooting, but Stephen Jackson scored 23.5 points per game in the series. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited