Bucks-Clippers Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Jan 30 2011 2:03PM The Milwaukee Bucks have won three in a row, have Brandon Jennings back and are two games into an eight-game stretch against opponents with sub-.500 records. There's nothing easy about facing the Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center these days, though. The Clippers look to win a ninth straight home game for the first time since moving to Los Angeles in 1984 as the Bucks begin a three-game road trip Monday night. It took Los Angeles (18-28) seven weeks to get going, but it's done exactly that behind Blake Griffin's emergence as one of the league's most dynamic players. The Clippers are 13-7 since a 5-21 start, and much of that turnaround has coincided with making Staples Center a legitimate home-court advantage. Saturday's 103-88 victory over Charlotte - highlighted by 24 points and 10 rebounds from Griffin - was Los Angeles' eighth in a row at home, tying the 1992-93 team for the longest streak since the team moved from San Diego. Griffin had 19 points in the first half. He's averaged 21.0 in the opening 24 minutes of the Clippers' last four home games, and hasn't seemed to be affected by playing nearly 39 minutes per contest in January. "I think I'm kind of used to it now," said Griffin, who has 32 double-doubles in 33 games. "But at the same time, I've got to do a good a good job of taking care of my body and getting rest and making sure I'm ready to go night in and night out through this whole process." He has to shoulder even more of the offensive load with Eric Gordon out with a wrist injury, but Randy Foye has relieved some of the pressure. Foye has averaged 18.7 points in three starts after rarely contributing in the first half of the season. "I put a lot of pressure on myself to make plays and try to help us, especially now," Foye said. "With Eric out, I'm that guy they go to on the perimeter - me and Baron (Davis) kind of split it." While Gordon might be out until the All-Star break, the Bucks (19-26) got their own star guard back Saturday for the first time since breaking his foot Dec. 18. Jennings missed all three shots and only chipped in two free throws in 11 minutes off the bench, but was just glad to be back in a 91-81 win over New Jersey. "I was all right," Jennings said. "I knew I wasn't going to play as much, when I did I was just trying to get back in the flow, trying to get my rhythm back. I'm just trying to get better and better in each game." Milwaukee is within one-half game of Charlotte for the Eastern Conference's No. 8 spot as it continues a light stretch of the schedule without John Salmons. The team's second-leading scorer behind Jennings, Salmons has missed the last seven games with a hip injury, but Carlos Delfino has stepped up. Delfino, who himself missed 32 games with concussion-like symptoms, has averaged 17.0 points in the last three games. He had 21 Saturday starting in place of Chris Douglas-Roberts, out due to personal reasons. "It's huge for us," Andrew Bogut said of Delfino's contributions. "He can create off the dribble for us, we can put in pick and rolls, he has a high basketball IQ and he rebounds for us as well. We missed him as much as anybody." The Bucks need all the help they can get Monday. They've lost nine of 10 on the road against the Clippers. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited