Bucks-Wizards Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Mar 07 2011 10:13PM Even when their roster was a little healthier, the Milwaukee Bucks were struggling to stay in playoff contention. Playing short-handed has only increased their woes. Milwaukee, however, might get starting center Andrew Bogut back as soon as Tuesday night against the Washington Wizards, who might be without two starters. The Bucks (23-38) lost for the 12th time in 16 games and finished 1-3 on a four-game homestand with Sunday's 89-83 defeat to Boston. Bogut, averaging 12.6 points and a team-best 11.5 rebounds, missed his third straight game with a strained ribcage muscle, and fellow frontcourt players Ersan Ilyasova (concussion) and Drew Gooden (left foot) were also out. Forward Luc Richard Mbah a Moute, though, returned from an illness with a season-high 19 points, but Milwaukee scored just one point over the final 3:35 on the Celtics, who had nine players available. "The whole game, we felt like we hung in there, we did a good job of hanging in there with them, but I feel like we shot ourselves in the foot, turning the ball over and not executing when we needed to at a crucial moment of the game," Mbah a Moute said. "That really cost us." That defeat put Milwaukee 3 1/2 games back of eighth-place Indiana in the Eastern Conference, but Bogut's return might help the Bucks start a much-needed push down the stretch. When coach Scott Skiles announced Bogut's injury March 1, he expected his center to miss at least a week, which means there's a possibility he could return against the Wizards (16-46) or when the Bucks return home Wednesday to face Cleveland. Washington, meanwhile, is hoping to get Rashard Lewis (sore right knee) and Josh Howard (strained left hamstring) back in the lineup as soon as possible. Nick Young scored 21 points in his return from the flu and was one of three players to top 20 on Sunday. The Wizards, though, couldn't complete their rally from an 11-point deficit early in the fourth quarter in a 113-102 loss at Detroit. "We didn't get any stops down the stretch tonight is what it boiled down to," said Randy Wittman, who served as acting coach after Flip Saunders left following his mother's death Friday. John Wall, who scored 24 points, got his team within three on free throws with 6:55 remaining, but the Pistons quickly regained the momentum. Andray Blatche's 21 points gave him at least 20 in three straight games. Blatche was one of six players in double figures during a 100-85 home win over Milwaukee on Feb. 9, and Young had 26 points to help his team snap a three-game skid to the Bucks. The teams have split six meetings over the past two seasons, but Washington has prevailed in two of three matchups at the Verizon Center. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited