Knicks-Thunder Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Jan 22 2011 1:43AM While the Oklahoma City Thunder won't panic after suffering two straight losses, the New York Knicks are doing their best to remain positive during their latest losing stretch. The Knicks hope to avoid matching a season high with their sixth consecutive loss by snapping a three-game road skid against the Thunder on Saturday night. New York (22-20) ranks near the top of the NBA averaging 106.7 points, but has scored 96.3 and shot 40.0 percent the last three games. They shot 37.8 percent in Friday's 101-92 loss at San Antonio. Losers in six of seven, the Knicks last dropped six in a row Nov.7-16. "Got to win a game. That's all it is," said forward Amare Stoudemire, who had 18 points to snap his string of 26 straight games with at least 20 points. "We're fine, we're fine. We're in a slump, but we'll be all right." Coach Mike D'Antoni's decision to shake up the lineup Friday didn't produce the results he wanted. He changed up the starting five, in part, because the Knicks had been 5-1 with the lineup of Ronny Turiaf, Stoudemire back at his preferred spot of power forward, Danilo Gallinari, and Landry Fields and Raymond Felton in the backcourt. "Trying something a little different," D'Antoni said. "Don't read into that much." Felton finished with a team-high 23 points for the Knicks, who also will try to avoid a season-high fourth consecutive road loss. Though New York has struggled of late, Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks is well aware of the Knicks' ability to put up points in a hurry. Stoudemire scored 23 and Wilson Chandler added 21 in New York's 112-98 home win over Oklahoma City on Dec. 22. "We just have to continue to contest shots," Brooks told the Thunder's official website. "They put all teams in a tough position because they have one of the best rollers, some of the best three-point shooters on the floor. You have to stop that offensive attack." Though the Knicks are a more potent offensive club than in past seasons, the Thunder have held them to 93.5 points on 39.0 percent shooting during the last two meetings in Oklahoma City. The Thunder could use a solid defensive effort after the Lakers and Denver combined to average 106.5 points on 50.6 percent shooting while handing them back-to-back losses for the third time this season. Oklahoma City, which has won four straight at home, has not dropped three in a row since Jan. 22-27. "When you're playing two of the best teams in basketball on their home floor, you want to make every game a game that you have a chance to win and we did that," Brooks said. "Unfortunately, we did not win either one but it's something we'll continue to work on, continue to improve on and continue to get better as a team." Russell Westbrook had 28 points with 10 assists while Kevin Durant added 22 in a 112-107 loss to the Nuggets on Wednesday. Westbrook has recorded five straight double-doubles, averaging 27.4 points and 11.8 assists during that span. He's totaled 54 points in his last two games versus New York. Durant leads the NBA averaging 28.2 points, just ahead of Stoudemire's 26.2 per contest. The Thunder star has averaged 30.7 points his last three games against the Knicks. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited