Grizzlies-Spurs Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Feb 27 2011 1:01AM The San Antonio Spurs were quiet at the trade deadline, perfectly content with a cast that's well on its way to clinching home-court advantage throughout the playoffs. The AT&T Center hasn't just given the Spurs an edge, though. It's practically a guaranteed victory. San Antonio looks for a franchise-record 21st straight home win Sunday against the Memphis Grizzlies, who were the only team in the past three months to make San Antonio play more than 48 minutes on its home floor. The three days leading up to Thursday's deadline were busy, with 21 of the league's 30 teams making a move. The Spurs (48-10) stood pat, and after a rocky start to their first post-deadline game Friday against New Jersey, showed in the third quarter why they're the league's best team. Down one at halftime, San Antonio outscored the Nets 35-18 in the third - getting 10 points from Tim Duncan - and won 106-96. "Coach (Gregg Popovich) challenged us," said guard George Hill, who scored 19 points off the bench. "He came in pretty upset with our performance and knew that. We took on ourselves to get better and play team defense and communicate with each other." San Antonio's 20th consecutive win at the AT&T Center tied the home mark established by the 1989-90 team. Eleven victories during the current streak have been by double digits, and only three times have the Spurs won by fewer than five points, but Memphis (33-27) gave them one of their stiffest challenges Dec. 18. The Grizzlies rallied from nine down after three quarters to force overtime before falling 112-106. O.J. Mayo had 27 points and Zach Randolph added 24 and 21 rebounds, but Memphis - which didn't have Rudy Gay thanks to a one-game suspension - couldn't contain Tony Parker. The three-time All-Star had 24 of his season-high 37 points after halftime. The Grizzlies are again without Gay, who will miss at least another three weeks due to a dislocated shoulder, and his absence played a major role in the team reacquiring Shane Battier from Houston on Thursday. Battier was in uniform for the first time Saturday against Sacramento and scored three points, but it was Memphis' big men who really shined. Randolph had 23 points, Marc Gasol 21 and little-used Hamed Haddadi had 10 points and 10 boards - his first career double-double - in a 120-92 rout. The Grizzlies, who average a league-best 50.3 points in the paint, had an amazing 78 Saturday - an NBA season high and the most since the Spurs had 90 in a 147-116 blowout of Golden State on March 19. "That's the way we play night in and night out," Randolph said. "That's the game plan to go inside out. Once we get it going, other guys can get off their shots because (defenders) are going to have to come and double-team, and we're passing the ball." Combined with Utah's loss, Memphis moved into the Western Conference's No. 8 slot, potentially setting up a first-round matchup with the Spurs. Randolph's ability to dominate the paint should concern San Antonio if that's how the seeding shakes out, but so should Mayo. Nearly dealt to Indiana prior to the deadline and out of the rotation recently for 10 games, Mayo has enjoyed success versus the defensive-minded Spurs. He's averaged 24.0 points in nine meetings - easily his best against any opponent. Mayo's 27.2 average at San Antonio is 11 points more than his career road average. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited