Pacers-Bobcats Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Mar 22 2011 3:17PM With the playoffs approaching, the Indiana Pacers have a chance to deal a major blow to the postseason hopes of the Charlotte Bobcats - one of their closest pursuers in the Eastern Conference race. While the Bobcats are dealing with an injury to Stephen Jackson and continue to stumble, the visiting Pacers are playing better and will try for a sixth consecutive win in the series Wednesday night. The Pacers (31-40), in eighth place in the East, defeated New Jersey 102-98 on Monday to move two games ahead of Charlotte (28-41) and Milwaukee. Indiana lost six straight earlier this month by an average of 15.8 points but has since won four of six going into one of its most important games of the season. "It's huge," interim coach Frank Vogel said. "We've got a chance to really put them at a disadvantage. ... It would be like a four-game lead with only 10 to go. It's a great opportunity for us." Roy Hibbert scored 24 points against the Nets while Danny Granger added 20. "It's very important," said Granger, averaging 25.2 points in his last 10 games against Charlotte. "Road wins are very hard to come by in the NBA. To get one is great for us. We started off slow and we knew we needed this game." The Pacers, losers of seven of nine on the road, have outscored the Bobcats by an average of 4.0 points during their five-game winning streak in the series. Indiana is looking to complete a four-game season sweep of Charlotte. Jackson, who leads the Bobcats with 18.9 points per contest, has been limited by a left hamstring injury and averaged 13.0 points and 26.1 percent shooting in his last three games. He sat out of a 109-98 loss at San Antonio on Saturday. Charlotte, 1-5 without its leading scorer, is averaging 85.5 points during a 2-9 stretch. "I need to be out there playing because it's a crucial time of the season," Jackson said Monday after sitting out the majority of practice. "That's what's more frustrating to me, that I can't go out there and be myself at a time when my team needs me. "You can't move. You can't change speeds and be as aggressive as you want to, especially driving to the cup because it's a sharp pain that I can't really deal with." Jackson, though, plans to be on the floor for this crucial matchup. "One hundred percent I'm playing," Jackson, who had 27 points in a 104-103 loss at Indiana on Feb. 9, told the Bobcats' official website. "No question." The Bobcats are 3-24 when scoring fewer than 90 points and 25-17 when reaching that mark. The Pacers have allowed 105.5 points over their last 14 games. "It's probably the most important game of the season. We have to have that game," Charlotte coach Paul Silas said. "If we get it, then it gives us a good chance. If we don't get it, it's going to be tough." Guard Gerald Henderson had 19 points against the Spurs and has averaged 14.2 over his last 15 games - 6.0 more than his season mark. The Bobcats won't have Gerald Wallace to help against the Pacers after the forward was dealt to Portland prior to the trade deadline. He averaged 25.7 points in three games versus the Pacers this season before the trade. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited