Warriors-Celtics Preview By MIKE LIPKA Posted Feb 28 2013 3:26PM Stephen Curry is coming off a performance in which he did everything except deliver the Golden State Warriors a victory. That task may not be much easier in the next stop on a challenging trip. Golden State's sharpshooting guard should get some help from David Lee on Friday night when the Warriors seek to snap the Boston Celtics' seven-game home winning streak. Curry posted the highest single-game point total in the NBA this season Wednesday at Madison Square Garden, piling up 54 points - not to mention seven assists and six rebounds - while hitting 11 of 13 from 3-point range. Sixteen of his points came in the final quarter, but Raymond Felton blocked his jumper with the game tied in the final two minutes as New York went on to win 109-105. "He put on a clinic," coach Mark Jackson said. "Knocked down shots. Made plays. Carried us. Led us in rebounding. He did it all. "I've seen a lot of great performances in this building and his goes up there. I've seen a lot. I've seen a lot, but that shooting performance was a thing of beauty." Golden State (33-25) was especially in need of Curry's production without Lee, who was serving a one-game suspension for his role in an altercation in Tuesday's 108-97 defeat at Indiana. Curry was almost as good in that game, scoring 38 points - his season high for about 24 hours - and hitting 7 of 10 from beyond the arc. Lee will look to help carry the load Friday. The former Knicks big man, whose 37 double-doubles lead the league, is averaging 27.7 points and 12.0 rebounds in his last three games at Boston. The Warriors may need both stars at their best to beat the Celtics, who have taken four straight at home in this series and have beaten Miami and both Los Angeles teams during their current run in Boston. Golden State handled the Celtics at home in a 101-83 victory Dec. 29, with Curry getting 22 points and nine assists and Lee scoring 20 on 10-of-15 shooting. Curry was 4 for 5 from 3-point range as the NBA's best 3-point shooting team hit 12 of 19. This is a brief stop home for Boston (30-27) following a five-game trip, with two more road contests next week. The Celtics haven't played since Monday night, when they capped their trek with a 110-107 overtime win at Utah. Paul Pierce posted 26 points, eight assists and seven rebounds, but was unhappy his team squandered a lead late in regulation. "It would have felt better just to get a stop when we needed it," Pierce said. "That's what we need to get better at. ... That's what we need to start focusing on. When we get the lead and we need crucial stops, we have to figure out how to get them." Boston's defensive numbers have slipped this season, but visitors have struggled to score during the Celtics' home win streak, averaging 92.1 points on 41.3 percent shooting and hitting just 26.7 percent from 3-point range. The Warriors, meanwhile, can blame their defense for their recent problems on the road. They allowed 113.1 points per game while dropping seven of eight away from home in February. They'll play seven straight at home following Saturday's game at Philadelphia. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited