Hornets-Nuggets Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Jan 08 2011 8:41PM The Denver Nuggets have tried to ignore the constant trade rumors swirling around Carmelo Anthony this season. They can't look past their recent poor play. Anthony and the slumping Nuggets try to bounce back from road losses to two of the Western Conference's worst teams Sunday night when they host the New Orleans Hornets, who are looking to avoid a season high-tying third straight defeat. Since Anthony rejected a three-year, $65 million extension last summer, the Nuggets (20-15) have been fielding questions about possibly losing their star forward. The latest rumor involves a three-team deal that would send Anthony, Chauncey Billups and Detroit guard Richard Hamilton to New Jersey, with the Nets sending Devin Harris, rookie forward Derrick Favors and two first-round picks to Denver. "I can't control (the rumors), I control this (basketball) the best I can," Billups said Saturday. "I kind of worry about that. It (speculation) really has no bearing on what I do out here." What the Nuggets have been doing on the court lately has been far from what coach George Karl expects from the two-time defending Northwest Division champs after back-to-back losses at the Los Angeles Clippers and Sacramento. The West-worst Kings hit 9 of 18 from 3-point range and shot a season-high 56.4 percent in Thursday's 122-102 victory. "I'm really kind of blown away by our performance," Karl said. "Since I've been in Denver my team has always bounced back after a tough loss. Sometimes I think we need to think about playing harder and play simple basketball." For now, that will include Anthony. "We're just frustrated right now," said the three-time All-Star, who leads the Nuggets with 24.4 points and 8.3 rebounds per game. "I know I am after these two losses against two teams that we should have beat. Tonight was an embarrassing loss that's all I have to say about it." Anthony's good friend, Chris Paul, wasn't embarrassed with the Hornets' 101-97 loss at the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday, but the star point guard was far from satisfied with just finishing close to the two-time defending NBA champs. "There aren't no moral victories around here," said Paul, who scored 12 points with 10 assists. "I wish we could've figured out a way to get the win. You know, we need it desperately. We lost a bad one at home two days ago (110-103 to Golden State on Wednesday), so, you know, we really needed this win." The Hornets (21-16) have dropped three in a row in Denver, but they snapped a three-game skid to the Nuggets on Oct. 29 with a 101-95 victory. Paul, who scored 10 of his 18 points in the final nine minutes, is averaging 22.7 and 11.3 assists while posting six straight double-doubles in Denver. He was recovering from left knee surgery in the teams' last matchup at Pepsi Center, a 93-80 Denver victory on March 18. While the Nuggets are a woeful 5-12 on the road, they return to Denver for four straight with one of the best home marks in the West at 15-3. New Orleans has dropped 11 of 15 on the road since opening the season with three straight victories away from home. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited