Pistons-Hornets Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Dec 08 2010 12:48AM The changes keep coming for the New Orleans Hornets. This time, it's ownership and David West thinks it's a mess. West and the Hornets will try to keep their focus on the court and win for just the third time in nine games when they host the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night. The Hornets (13-7) hired Dell Demps as their general manager while making Monty Williams a rookie coach last summer in moves they hoped would get them back to the playoffs. The changes haven't stopped for New Orleans after the league announced Monday it was purchasing the team from owner George Shinn. After another potential deal fell through, the NBA is hoping to put the team on stable financial footing and attract a local buyer who will keep the team in New Orleans. West, the Hornets' leader with 18.5 points per game, expressed his displeasure with the situation, calling it a "mess." "During the summer we felt it was going one way, and I guess things started changing," West said Sunday. "Who knows. It'll be an experience I would imagine for us, coaching staff and all parties involved." Williams downplayed the ownership change, which will need to be approved by the NBA's board of governors as early as next week. "There's a number of distractions we have in our lives," Williams said. "It's not a big deal to us." Williams would prefer West and the rest of the team remain focused on playing after losing for the sixth time in eight games with Sunday's 109-84 defeat at San Antonio. The rough stretch has come after an 11-1 start - tied for the league's best through 12 games. "I'm not sure we're going into the games with the same confidence that we had earlier in the season," point guard Chris Paul said. "Somehow, some way, we got to get that confidence back, that swagger back." Paul is averaging 14.4 points over the last nine games after getting 17.5 during the previous 11. Despite his recent drop in scoring, the three-time All-Star is among the league leaders with 10.4 assists per game. Perhaps the first of two meetings with Detroit (7-15) this month can provide Paul a chance to increase his production. Paul has averaged 20.8 points and 13.3 assists in his last four games against the Pistons, leading the Hornets to three wins with two coming at home. The Hornets, though, lost 110-104 in overtime in the most recent matchup Jan. 15 even though Paul scored 24 points with 14 assists while West added 25 points and nine rebounds. West is averaging 26.8 points and 9.8 boards in the last four meetings. The Pistons are 2-10 on the road while scoring 88.7 points per game. They saw their losing streak as the visitor reach six Tuesday with another difficult offensive performance, as they made 41.7 percent from the field in a 97-83 loss to Houston to open a three-game trip. Keeping Richard Hamilton in the game should be a priority. Hamilton leads the NBA with three ejections, two coming in road defeats. The swingman was tossed just before halftime Tuesday for yelling at officials about not getting foul calls. He exited with six points and is averaging 9.5 on 32.8 percent shooting during the road losing streak. "We can't afford to lose him anymore in a game because we need him," coach John Kuester said. "He's been in this league long enough, and he needs to - like all of us - be able to adjust to the whistle." Hamilton had 32 points and 10 assists against New Orleans in January. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited