
 Timberwolves-Kings Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Nov 10 2010 2:40AM The Sacramento Kings nearly finished their initial road trip with a perfect record. They haven't found the same success during their first homestand. A matchup with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday night could help the Kings end that four-game set with a victory. Sacramento won two of three as it opened the season on the road, starting with a 117-116 victory over Minnesota on Oct. 27, but have dropped two of three since returning to Arco Arena. One of the main problems for the Kings (3-3) is an offense that has failed to keep pace with a porous defense that has allowed 107.7 points per game. Sacramento has failed to reach 100 in each of its past two games after averaging 108.8 during its 3-1 start. The Kings were held to a season low for points in Saturday's 100-91 loss to Memphis despite getting a season-high 30 from Tyreke Evans and 21 off the bench from Francisco Garcia. Sacramento was hurt by a season-worst 21 turnovers - nearly 10 more than its average coming into the game. "We turned the ball over too much," coach Paul Westphal said. "It's something that we haven't been doing this year that's been really good for us. You can't turn the ball over 20 times and have your offense be productive." The Kings committed 13 turnovers in their win at Minnesota. Sacramento, though, played without Evans (suspension) and fellow starter Samuel Dalembert (strained groin) in that game. The Kings are expected to have both players available as they try to win their fifth in a row at home over the Timberwolves (1-7) and seventh in nine overall. Minnesota enters this game having dropped six in a row and 36 of 39 since Feb. 8. The Timberwolves are also 5-41 away from home dating back to the start of last season but were surprisingly competitive in Tuesday night's 99-94 loss to the unbeaten Los Angeles Lakers. Minnesota came as close as two points in the fourth quarter, wasting a stellar performance by Kevin Love. He had 23 points and a career-high 24 rebounds during one of his team's best defensive performances of the season. The Timberwolves had previously allowed an NBA-worst 114.4 points per game but barely moved ahead of Houston after cutting is average to 112.5. "I think this was the best game we've played so far, despite the L at the end of the night," Love said. "We got up to play the world champs, and we went down with a fight. We played a lot better than we have played in the last four or five games." The Timberwolves, though, have given up an average of 118.3 points in their last four games in Sacramento, losing all of them by at least 12 points. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   