Cavaliers-Bucks Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Dec 22 2012 12:32AM The Milwaukee Bucks are getting some good results, but they're facing a potentially tough stretch at home. The difficult part might not begin until the Cleveland Cavaliers leave town. Milwaukee goes for its 10th straight victory versus Cleveland on Saturday night when the Cavs will likely be without Anderson Varejao again as they try to avoid a season-worst seventh consecutive defeat. Winners of six of eight following Friday's 99-94 overtime victory over Boston, the Bucks (14-11) will now play three straight and five of six at home. Brooklyn, Miami, San Antonio and Houston will all make stops at the Bradley Center during this stretch. A visit by the Cavs (5-23) could help Milwaukee build more momentum for those contests considering it's undefeated in this series since an 83-81 road loss Nov. 24, 2010 The Bucks have won the last six meetings in Milwaukee after Brandon Jennings' 3-pointer at the buzzer gave them a 105-102 victory on Nov. 3. The teams' most recent meeting was last Friday in Cleveland, where Monta Ellis - who scored five of his team-high 27 points in OT after missing the morning shootaround with a sore back - finished with a season-best 33 in a 90-86 victory. That was the Bucks' season-best fourth consecutive win. Cleveland, the Eastern Conference's second-worst team, has won just four times since its November trip to Milwaukee. "Unless we play as a team at both ends of the floor, we are going to continue to lose," coach Byron Scott said following Friday's 99-89 loss to Indiana. "I'm not running out of ideas, but I'm getting close." The Cavs are on the verge of their first seven-game skid since a nine-game stretch March 21-April 4. It doesn't appear Varejao will be able to help stop Cleveland's slide as he's expected to be sidelined by a bruised right knee for a third straight game. Cleveland could surely use Varejao in the lineup - he leads the NBA with 14.4 rebounds per game and has 35 against Milwaukee this season - but the team sees no reason to rush him back and risk further injury. "It's better to miss three games than 33 or 40 games," Scott said. Rookie Tyler Zeller should get another start in place of Varejao after totaling 32 points and 10 rebounds in the last two games. Zeller, Tristan Thompson and Alonzo Gee could have their hands full with Larry Sanders and Luc Richard Mbah a Moute. Sanders, who has a team-best 17 rebounds against Cleveland this season, grabbed a career-best 20 on Friday while Mbah a Moute scored a season-high 20. Mbah a Moute's foul on Cavs point guard Kyrie Irving last week sent the reigning rookie of the year to the floor and resulted in a fractured bone in his jaw. Irving scored 26 points in that contest and is now averaging 27.5 in four career games against the Bucks. The Cavs, losers of five straight and 13 of 14 on the road, have dropped 17 in a row to division opponents. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited