
 Thunder-Raptors Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Dec 02 2010 9:05PM Kevin Durant is the face of the Oklahoma City Thunder franchise. The league's reigning scoring champion might have to start sharing more of that spotlight with third-year point guard Russell Westbrook. With Durant questionable with a sprained left knee, Westbrook and the Thunder will try to win their eighth straight on the road against an Eastern Conference opponent Friday night when they face the Toronto Raptors, who are looking to build on their best offensive performance of the season. Durant, the NBA's top scorer at 27.3 points per game after averaging a league-best 30.1 last season, missed Wednesday's 123-120 triple-overtime win at New Jersey after getting injured in a 95-89 victory over New Orleans on Monday. Without Durant, Westbrook scored 38 points and grabbed a career-high 15 rebounds with nine assists. He is averaging 29.0 points, 9.0 assists and 5.3 boards as the Thunder have won all three times Durant has been sidelined this season. "He's improved leaps and bounds," Durant said. "He's taken a step up as a player. He carried us tonight." Westbrook scored all 13 of the team's points in the final period as Oklahoma City (13-6) posted the franchise's first triple-overtime victory. "The guy keeps improving in front of our eyes every day," coach Scott Brooks said of Westbrook, who scored 12 of his 25 points during a 14-0 fourth-quarter run Monday. As an assistant on the USA team that won gold at the World Championship in Turkey in September, Raptors coach Jay Triano has seen plenty of Durant - the tournament MVP - and Westbrook. "(Westbrook is) a highlight film - he can do anything," Triano said. "He goes past everybody. He goes over top of people. He's one of the best physical specimens in the game right now. "He's getting a chance now with Kevin getting a little bit banged up, where he's starting to shine." With Raptors leading rebounder Reggie Evans out for eight weeks with a broken bone in his right foot, Triano is looking for his young guys to step up. Making his NBA debut Wednesday after suffering a right knee injury prior to training camp, first-round pick Ed Davis scored 11 points with six rebounds and two blocks in a 127-108 victory over Washington. "He's got that look about him where it doesn't look like he's giving you (much), but then all of a sudden he's at the rim blocking shots," Triano said. While Davis and Joey Dorsey will be expected to pick up the slack on the boards and help contain Thunder forward Jeff Green, who scored a career-high 37 on Wednesday, the Raptors would like continued scoring from Andrea Bargnani, Sonny Weems and DeMar DeRozan. The trio combined for 56 points and shot 22 of 36 from the field as the Raptors (7-11) shot a season-best 58.0 percent Wednesday. "Everybody was on tonight, hitting jump shots and getting to the basket," DeRozan said after scoring 20. That wasn't the case in the Thunder's last visit to Air Canada Centre, when Toronto made 43.8 percent of its attempts in a 115-89 loss March 19. It was the Raptors' most lopsided defeat at home since Nov. 16, 2005. Durant scored 31 and Green had 25 in that matchup as the Thunder snapped a three-game skid in Toronto. Oklahoma City posted another blowout at home, winning 119-99 on Feb. 28. Oklahoma City, 7-2 on the road, hasn't lost to an East team away from home since falling 121-101 to Indiana on March 21. Toronto has won four of five at Air Canada Centre. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   