
 Rockets-Raptors Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Nov 18 2010 3:59PM The Toronto Raptors regrouped and put together a solid performance in their last game. It's uncertain when the Houston Rockets will have their entire group together. Toronto looks to win consecutive games for the first time this season Friday night when it faces the undermanned Rockets, who are looking to bounce back from their most lopsided defeat of the season. Coming off a 15-point loss to Washington on Tuesday in which they allowed 55 second-half points, the Raptors (3-9) capped a 2-2 trip with a 94-86 victory over Philadelphia on Wednesday. Toronto held the 76ers to 36.8 percent shooting and 39 points in the final 24 minutes. "I didn't think we had respect for the game against Washington," forward Reggie Evans, among the league leaders with 11.7 rebounds per game, said after grabbing 14. "We got an F (Tuesday) night. I think we got a much higher grade here and played with the type of energy we need to be successful." Houston (3-8) hoped the return of Yao Ming this season after foot surgery would lead to success, but the team is struggling again without the seven-time All-Star. Yao has missed the last four games with a sprained left ankle, and coach Rick Adelman is unsure of what to expect from him when he returns. The 7-foot-6 center's status is uncertain. "... My biggest concern is he was working himself, trying to get in condition," Adelman said. "Now, he's missed this time. Where is he going to be when he comes back?" Off to their worst start since opening 3-11 five years ago, the Rockets are also trying to overcome the loss of point guard Aaron Brooks, who has been sidelined six games with a sprained left ankle and could be out until December. Kyle Lowry and undrafted rookie Ishmael Smith have done a decent job running the team in Brooks' absence, and guard Kevin Martin is averaging a team-high 23.1 points, but the mounting injuries and losses are taking their toll. A 116-99 defeat at Oklahoma City on Wednesday was Houston's worst since a 31-point loss at Indiana on April 4. "This is a frustrating situation," forward Luis Scola, who's averaging career highs of 22.9 points and 10.0 rebounds, told the Rockets' official web site after scoring 26 with eight boards. "I think we're a way better team than our record shows. But our record is our record and it's the truth right now, so we need to find a way to start winning games." One way might be to improve defensively. The Rockets, who have dropped three straight in Toronto by an average of 16.3 points, have yielded 111.0 per game while losing five of seven on the road. While Houston finishes a brutal stretch of six games in six cities over 10 days, the Raptors play seven of their next eight at home. Leandro Barbosa could help Toronto begin this portion of the schedule on a good note, as he might play Friday after missing five games with a strained left shoulder. Rockets reserve Chase Budinger could be back after being out three games with a sprained left ankle. The home team has won the last six matchups in this series. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   