
 Pistons-Hawks Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 03 2010 2:07AM The Atlanta Hawks continue to roll as they remain the only undefeated team in the Eastern Conference. With the winless Detroit Pistons up next, they stand a good chance to keep their perfect record intact. Atlanta will look to open 5-0 for the second time in three seasons when it hosts the Pistons on Wednesday night. The Hawks (4-0) have received a tremendous effort from Joe Johnson on the offensive side of the ball, but its their work on the glass that has them off to a strong start. They've limited opponents to 38.2 rebounds per game - amongst the lowest in the NBA - thanks in large part to Al Horford, who is averaging over 10 boards for the first time in his career. Fresh off signing a five-year, $60 million extension Monday, Horford scored 16 points and matched a season high with 12 rebounds for his third straight double-double in the Hawks' 100-88 win at Cleveland on Tuesday night. "I'm glad that it's finalized and that he's going to be a Hawk for a long time," said coach Larry Drew. Horford could be in line for another big game against the Pistons, whom he has averaged 14.7 points and 10.4 rebounds against over the previous two seasons. After scoring 20-plus points in each of his first three games, Johnson was limited to 15 on 6 of 21 from the floor, but made up for the lack of scoring by dishing out a game-high nine assists. The Hawks will be looking to get Johnson back on track, as they are 4-1 against Detroit - which is allowing 104 points per game - when he scores at least 25 points. Marvin Williams, who had 22 points Tuesday, is excited about the team's direction. "We're flying under the radar," Williams said. "I don't think anyone's upset about it. We know what we're capable of doing. We have confidence in ourselves. We have to show it every night." While Atlanta hasn't been stopped, Detroit (0-4) has had problems getting things going and might be without Richard Hamilton again. Hamilton, who averages 19.8 points against the Hawks in Atlanta, sat out Tuesday night's 109-86 home loss to Boston with a sore right foot and his status for Wednesday is unknown. The Pistons are 0-4 for the first time since 1999-00 despite five players scoring in double figures. Ben Gordon started in place of Hamilton and came into the game averaging 21.7 points, but finished with 14 before fouling out. Tayshaun Prince, who has scored in double figures during the first four games of a season for the second time in his nine-year career, was limited to a season-low 10 points and knows the team needs to step up going forward. "It starts with us in this locker room but it goes to everybody else as well," Prince said. "When you're 0-4, you don't just look at the team, you've got to look at everybody as a whole." The Pistons have averaged 86.2 points during a four-game losing streak in Atlanta. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   