Warriors-Pistons Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Dec 04 2012 8:55PM The Detroit Pistons have played some outstanding defense since their franchise-worst start, especially at home. Detroit will look to win six straight at The Palace of Auburn Hills for the first time in nearly five years Wednesday night against a Golden State Warriors team opening a season-high seven-game trip. Since stumbling out of the block with eight losses, the Pistons (6-13) have regained their footing by surrendering 91.7 points per game on 40.6 percent shooting. Jason Maxiell had five of Detroit's 13 blocks, the team's most since 2007, as it opened a three-game homestand with Monday's 89-79 victory over Cleveland. The Pistons are limiting opponents to 86.0 points per game and 38.9 percent from the field during their surge at Auburn Hills. "We're doing the right things - I'm not quite sure what they are," guard Kyle Singler told the Pistons' official website. "You can break it down to little things. But the big thing is we're just getting stops consistently and guys are putting forth a good amount of effort. In my opinion, we didn't really change much." The Pistons will try to keep that momentum going as they go for their first six-game home winning streak since a seven-game run March 14-April 4, 2008. "Letting teams know it's going to be tough to get a win at The Palace, that's the type of mentality we want to have," said point guard Brandon Knight, who is averaging 19.5 points - 6.0 more than his season mark - and 4.0 assists in the last four home games. "We also want to take that mentality with us on the road." The Warriors (10-7) are in a similar position as they're coming off a 102-94 loss to Orlando on Monday that ended their five-game home winning streak. Golden State was outscored by eight in the fourth quarter in being denied its first four-game run in coach Mark Jackson's tenure, but the Warriors are now focused on improving their 4-4 road mark. "Just a disappointing loss, but we'll learn from it and get better," said Jackson, whose team is traveling to play an Eastern Conference club for the first time after taking four of five such matchups at home. "Look forward to going on the road, but certainly we didn't play our brand of basketball." However, Warriors point guard Stephen Curry is playing some of the best ball of his career. He's tallied 20 or more points in each of the last four games - shooting 15 for 28 from 3-point range - and has handed out 10 or more assists in three straight contests for the first time. A sprained right ankle sidelined Curry for the last game versus Detroit on Jan. 15, when David Lee finished with 24 points to lead Golden State to a 99-91 road win. The Pistons had won four straight and 15 of 16 at home in the series. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited