Kings-Rockets Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Jan 12 2012 5:40PM The Houston Rockets can finally settle in at home following a road-heavy portion of their schedule. The Sacramento Kings are looking for more success on the road as their five-game trip continues. Houston opens a stretch of nine of 11 at home Friday night when the Kings try to win two straight for the first time this season. Following Wednesday's 101-95 overtime loss at San Antonio, the Rockets (3-7) have won just once while playing a Western Conference-high seven road games. Houston, playing its fifth road game in nine nights, shot 42.7 percent after missing eight of 10 in the extra session. The team is hitting 43.2 percent from the field on the road compared to 46.9 in three home games. "That's just how the game goes," said former King Kevin Martin, averaging 14.1 points on the road versus 22.7 in Houston. "Percentages always catch up in this league, so that's just how it went. It wasn't in our favor." Sacramento (4-7) begins this season series on the heels of its first road win, 98-91 over Toronto on Wednesday. The Kings had lost their first four road games by an average of 23.3 points. "I told our guys when you get a road win it's like winning two because you actually get the win and you get a confidence booster that you know you can play well on the road," coach Keith Smart said. Since Smart took over for the fired Paul Westphal last week, second-year forward DeMarcus Cousins is averaging 18.3 points and 13.5 rebounds while posting a double-double in all four games. He had 21 points and a career-high 19 boards Wednesday. "He's a new player, man," said Tyreke Evans, scoring 24.5 points per game since the coaching switch. "I'm happy for him. He's done a great job just going out there and playing, helping us, not arguing with anybody on the team, just staying focused." Cousins averaged 17.8 points with 10.3 rebounds as the Kings dropped three of four to the Rockets last season. Cousins had 15 points and 15 boards as Sacramento snapped Houston's four-game home winning streak in the series with a 104-101 road victory April 5. Samuel Dalembert also had 15 rebounds for the Kings in that game, but they opted not to re-sign the veteran center and he joined the Rockets last month. Dalembert has been in Houston's starting lineup for the last three games, averaging 4.7 points and 6.3 boards. Rookie forward Chandler Parsons has scored 30 points while starting Houston's last three games in place of the injured Chase Budinger. Rockets forward Luis Scola has posted a double-double in each of the Kings' last six visits to Houston, averaging 20.7 points and 11.8 boards. Sacramento might be without leading scorer Marcus Thornton for a third straight game due to a thigh injury. He totaled 37 points in two games versus Houston last season after being acquired from New Orleans on Feb. 23. If Thornton is out, rookie Jimmer Fredette could make third straight start. He's gone 5 for 17 from the field in the first two. Martin is averaging 22.3 points in six games against Sacramento since being dealt to the Rockets on Feb. 18, 2010. He scored 30 in the Kings' last visit April 5. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited