Warriors-Jazz Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Dec 12 2010 6:27PM The Utah Jazz were held to their lowest scoring output of the season in their first matchup with Golden State in November. They'll look to exact some revenge - and bounce back from a loss - by continuing their home domination of the Warriors. The Jazz try for their eighth victory in nine matchups with the Warriors at EnergySolutions Arena when the teams meet Monday night. Utah (17-8) has averaged 115.3 points in its last eight home contests against Golden State, and has won 60 of 75 all-time home games in the series. That should be a source of comfort for the Jazz after they lost 85-78 to the Warriors at Oakland on Nov. 5. Utah committed 21 turnovers that led to 27 points in posting its lowest point total since Dec. 23. While giveaways weren't a big problem at Dallas on Saturday - the Jazz had only 12 and turned 19 Mavericks turnovers into 21 points - fatigue appeared to be. Playing for the second consecutive night and third time in four days, Utah trailed by 25 after the first quarter. "It looked like we weren't interested," said coach Jerry Sloan, whose team defeated Orlando 117-105 on Friday. "I hate to say that, but I have to be honest about it. I think you have to be interested in wanting to win and not looking for excuses to be tired or whatever the case may be." Deron Williams scored a season-high 34 points against the Mavericks, a night after he had 32 versus the Magic. Williams scored 23 points and shot 9 of 18 against Golden State last month, but he scored 10 points or fewer in four of the five prior games versus the Warriors, shooting 25 percent in those four contests. Three of them, however, came on the road. Utah's recent home domination of Golden State hasn't been completely one-sided. Four of the seven Jazz victories in the last eight matchups at Salt Lake City came by 10 points or fewer. Golden State (8-15) will be looking to snap a season-worst six-game slide after falling 106-84 to Miami on Friday. The Warriors, 1-11 in their last 12, were without guard Stephen Curry after he aggravated a sprained ankle during a 111-94 loss in San Antonio on Wednesday. Curry, who averaged 30.0 points in the two games before getting hurt, scored 20 against Utah in November. He is uncertain for this game. Monta Ellis, who leads the Warriors with 24.3 points per game, scored 23 and had seven steals in the Nov. 5 contest. "I'm not worried, because I think they are playing hard," Warriors coach Keith Smart said of his team. "I would be worried if this team didn't want to work anymore, if they didn't look like they were competing on the floor, then you would have some flags." Smart's club may not have to deal with Jazz guard Raja Bell, who missed the last two games due to a strained right adductor muscle. The status of Bell, a tough defender who averages 8.4 points and would likely match up with Ellis or Curry, is uncertain. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited