
 Bucks-Hornets Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Oct 27 2010 12:02AM The New Orleans Hornets hope Chris Paul is finally happy. Andrew Bogut's return certainly has the Milwaukee Bucks pleased. Opening the 2010-11 season with a win will have one of these clubs thrilled, as the Hornets host the Bucks on Wednesday night. Paul voiced his displeasure with the Hornets after they finished at the bottom of the Southwest Division with a 37-45 record and missed the playoffs last season. That came after New Orleans reached the postseason twice, coming one game shy of the Western Conference finals in 2008. Paul wasn't happy with the Hornets' regression and did everything but publicly demand a trade. In an effort to appease their three-time All-Star point guard, the Hornets underwent an overhaul. First, they made Monty Williams a first-time head coach, then Dell Demps a first-time general manager. The club followed that by acquiring small forward Trevor Ariza, shooting guard Marco Belinelli, point guards Willie Green and Jannero Pargo and first-round draft choice and swing player Quincy Pondexter. Also back is power forward David West, who has averaged 20.2 points and 8.3 rebounds over the past three seasons. Paul, who has two years left on his contract, has said he's willing to give the new regime a chance. "We definitely got a lot more athletic with the guys we've got coming in," Paul said. "I still think our Achilles' heel is our defense. As long as we got a guy like D-West in the block, we're going to score points, so we got to figure out a way that we can defend, and if we can commit to the defensive end, we can be fine." While Paul was frustrated with the Hornets, he was also limited to 45 games due to various injuries, including left knee surgery. He averaged 18.7 points and 10.7 assists The Bucks begin this season looking to continue showing improvement, and Bogut's return should be key. Milwaukee was one of the biggest surprises of 2009-10, improving by 12 wins to go 46-36 and finish second in the Central after ending each of the previous five seasons in the cellar. The club also ended a three-season playoff drought, only to be eliminated by Atlanta in seven games in the opening round. Bogut missed all of that series and the final six games of the regular season after suffering injuries to his elbow, wrist and hand during a scary fall in a win over Phoenix in April. The center averaged a career-high 15.9 points with 10.2 rebounds before his season ended prematurely. Bogut's return combined with another strong season from point guard Brandon Jennings, could make the Bucks a contender to win their first division title since 2001. "Thanks to LeBron leaving the Central, the division is between us and the Bulls," Jennings said. "Hopefully we can go out there and fight for the Central Division and I'm sure we're probably the two favorites right now to probably win it." Jennings, 21, was a revelation for Milwaukee last season, averaging 15.5 points and 5.7 assists after playing one season in Italy. "He obviously, more than anybody, snuck up on everybody to start the season last year," said coach Scott Skiles, who was given a contract extension through 2012-13 on Tuesday. "We know that's not going to happen (this season), he knows that's not going to happen. And he just needs to be ready for it." The Bucks and Hornets split two meetings last season with the home team winning each time. New Orleans won 102-99 as host on Nov. 25, as West totaled 27 points and 10 boards with Paul sidelined. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   