Mavericks-Bucks Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Dec 31 2010 3:56PM The Dallas Mavericks have gone from playing like a championship contender to looking rather ordinary since Dirk Nowitzki's injury. Surprisingly, they also didn't play particularly well with their superstar forward in a stunning loss to the Milwaukee Bucks three weeks ago. The Mavericks, who again might be without Nowitzki, try to avoid losing their third a row while avenging that defeat to the Bucks when they visit Milwaukee on Saturday night. Nowitzki is expected to travel with Dallas (24-7) for its weekend trip, but it is uncertain if he will play in this contest or Sunday's game in Cleveland. The nine-time All-Star sprained his right knee in Monday's 103-93 win over Oklahoma City and is listed as day to day. Without Nowitzki's 24.1 points and 7.4 rebounds per game, the Mavericks lost to Toronto 84-76 on Tuesday and fell to San Antonio 99-93 on Thursday. Brian Cardinal started in Nowitzki's place Thursday and finished with nine points for Dallas, which had reached the 100-point mark in 13 of its previous 16 games. "We're talking about a guy that to me is easily the MVP right now," coach Rick Carlisle told the Mavericks' official website. "I can't really express how great he is and how much he means to this team as a basketball team. "When he's not on the floor the game changes significantly, even if he's not shooting the ball or not posting up. His mere presence is a game-changer." The Mavericks had won 17 of their previous 18 with Nowitzki, with their only loss coming in a 103-99 defeat to the Bucks (12-18) on Dec. 13. Dallas led by as many as 20 points in the first half, but Milwaukee came storming back and went up by as much as nine in the final minutes. Nowitzki finished with 30 points as the Mavericks' 12-game winning streak came to an end. "They (the Bucks) celebrated on our floor, so we owe them something real good," said center Tyson Chandler, who had 11 points and nine rebounds in the first meeting. While Dallas is expected to be without its best player, the Bucks will also be without one of their biggest scoring threats. Brandon Jennings, who had 23 points and 10 assists in the first meeting, is expected to be out at least two more weeks after left foot surgery. John Salmons has stepped up since Jennings' injury, averaging 18.2 points in his last six games - 4.6 better than his season mark. Salmons and his teammates, however, had trouble offensively in Tuesday's 90-77 loss to Chicago. Salmons finished with 18 points but missed 12 of 17 shots, while Andrew Bogut matched a season low with four points on 2-of-12 shooting for the Bucks, who shot a season-low 32.1 percent. "We've got to be tough on the offensive end," said Salmons, who had five points against the Mavericks in December. "Somehow we've got to figure it out." The Bucks have struggled offensively all season, ranking last in the league with an average of 90.3 points and in field goal percentage at 41.1, but they still managed to make plays against a defensively solid Dallas team three weeks ago. Bogut had 21 points and 14 rebounds as Milwaukee placed five players in double-figure scoring and reached the century mark for the second time in the last 19 games. The Bucks haven't swept a season series from the Mavericks since 2002-03. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited