Bulls-Spurs Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Feb 29 2012 1:32AM The San Antonio Spurs won 12 of their last 13 games heading into the All-Star break. A lengthy stay at the AT&T Center would appear to be a good opportunity to continue that surge. The Spurs, though, must deal with both injuries and a few potentially difficult matchups during their season-high seven-game homestand beginning with Wednesday night's game against the Chicago Bulls. San Antonio (24-10) entered the break with a 3 1/2-game Southwest Division lead over Dallas and Houston thanks to its recent play. The Spurs, who are 13-1 this season, went 8-1 on a season-high nine-game road trip that concluded last Thursday with a 114-99 victory at Denver. "Being at home, we don't want to take anything for granted. It doesn't mean much if you don't play competitively," coach Gregg Popovich said. "We competed well and played together. We've got to duplicate that at home." The Spurs are not yet expected to have Manu Ginobili back from a strained left oblique that's kept him out of the past three games. Ginobili, who also missed 22 games with a broken left hand earlier this season, was limited in practice Tuesday. Kawhi Leonard (calf tightness) might also sit out, while Gary Neal (hamstring) and Tiago Splitter (calf) will be game-time decisions, Popovich said. T.J. Ford, though, might play for the first time since injuring his left hamstring during a Jan. 10 loss at Milwaukee. If he returns, he'd likely draw the difficult task of trying to contain Bulls All-Star Derrick Rose. The point guard helped Chicago (28-8) survive a challenge from visiting New Orleans on Tuesday and post a third consecutive win, 99-95. Rose finished with 32 points and scored six of the game's final eight to help his team rally from a late four-point deficit. "We definitely held it together. Other teams I guess would have folded," Rose said. "We played toward the end I think the best defense we played throughout the whole game. We rebounded the ball, made great plays on the ball. ... We gave ourselves a chance." The win allowed the Bulls to pull within percentage points of Miami atop the Eastern Conference. It also helped them improve to 5-1 when fielding the starting lineup of Rose, Luol Deng, Joakim Noah, Carlos Boozer and Richard Hamilton, who returned from a sore right thigh Tuesday. Noah sat out the most recent matchup with the Spurs last February but Rose more than made up for his absence with a then-career high 42 points in a 109-99 victory. He matched that mark in Indiana on March 18 and scored 44 in a playoff win over Atlanta in May. Rose scored 33 at San Antonio on Nov. 17, 2010, but it wasn't enough in Chicago's 103-94 defeat. Tony Parker, who won the All-Star skills challenge last weekend, had a team-best 21 points in that game and has averaged 22.3 on 59.2 percent shooting over his last three matchups with the Bulls. The Spurs point guard has also averaged 23.0 points and shooting 63.8 percent in his last three home games versus Chicago. That's helped San Antonio win 10 of its last 12 home matchups in this series. One of those losses was recent, however, as the Bulls prevailed 98-93 on Jan. 25, 2010, on the strength of 27 points from Rose. The reigning league  MVP has is averaging 34.0 points and shooting 59.0 percent in his last three games against the Spurs. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited