Magic-Pistons Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Dec 02 2010 3:01PM The Orlando Magic came out flat against the Detroit Pistons earlier this week before pulling away late to win their fourth straight in the series. The Magic seemed to have fixed their first-half energy woes since then. Orlando looks to build on one of its best performances of the season and extend its season-high winning streak to six games when it visits the Pistons on Friday night. The Magic (14-4) are atop the Southeast Division and are expected to contend for the Eastern Conference crown, but didn't look much like a championship-caliber team early against Detroit (6-13) on Tuesday at home. Orlando fell behind by 12 points in the first quarter and matched a season low with 43 first-half points as Dwight Howard was pushed around in the paint. The Magic finally took over in the second half, outscoring the Pistons by 13 to win 90-79. After the game, Magic coach San Van Gundy said his team's first-half energy needed to improve. It didn't take long for his team to get the message. One night after the listless win over Detroit, Orlando cruised to a 107-78 victory over Central Division-leading Chicago. The Magic built a 24-point halftime lead, finished with a 44-21 edge in rebounding, a 27-10 advantage in second-chance points and outscored the Bulls 46-26 in the paint. "We just wanted to bring a lot of intensity," Jameer Nelson said. "We brought it from jump ball to the end." Nelson led Orlando with 24 points, while Vince Carter scored 20 of his 22 in the first two quarters. Howard finished with 13 points and 12 rebounds in 34 minutes, as the Magic improved to 13-1 when the four-time All-Star grabs at least 10 boards. "For a lot of reasons I thought this was our best game of the year," Van Gundy said. While Van Gundy liked what he saw from the Magic on Wednesday, Pistons coach John Kuester was quite displeased with his team's performance in a 97-72 loss to Miami, Detroit's third straight defeat. The Pistons finished with season lows in points and field goal percentage (36.4) Wednesday, and scored only nine points in the third quarter, missing 18 of 22 shots. "We couldn't generate any offense," Kuester said. Richard Hamilton and Rodney Stuckey combined for 17 points on 4 of 18 shooting, as Detroit got 31 points from its starters, the eighth-lowest total by a Piston starting five in the last 20 seasons. "There are going to be some adjustments going into the next game," Kuester said. "There are going to be discussions on a number of areas." One area that could see a change is Greg Monroe's minutes. Monroe led the Pistons with a career-best 15 points off the bench and had eight rebounds. The 6-foot-11 rookie also played sound defense against Howard on Tuesday. "The beautiful thing about him was watching his energy," Kuester said after Wednesday's loss. "He was working hard and was so impressive. I think that's one of the things I was so pleased with." Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited