
 Cavaliers-Warriors Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Jan 06 2011 9:05PM The Golden State Warriors are getting healthy and they've won five of eight, including an impressive fourth-quarter comeback to close a five-game road trip. They couldn't ask for a much more favorable matchup upon returning home. The Warriors open a stretch of 14 of 16 games at Oracle Arena on Friday night against the dreadful Cleveland Cavaliers, who begin a five-game trip looking to avoid a 19th loss in 20 games. Golden State (14-21) dropped 16 of 19 after opening 6-2, but it's back to looking more like the team that got off to a hot start rather than the one that looked helpless defensively during its swoon. Health has a lot to do with it. Stephen Curry returned on Christmas after missing six games and Andris Biedrins returned from a nine-game absence Wednesday at New Orleans, marking the first time since April 2008 that Golden State didn't have a single player out due to injury or illness. That added depth took a while to make a difference, but it did. The Warriors trailed 82-72 after three quarters but went on a 27-7 run to begin the fourth en route to a 110-103 victory. "The best opportunity we're going to have is with numbers," forward David Lee said. "Now we can wear teams down and be up-tempo and play the way we want to play, knowing that when you get tired, somebody can come in for you." No team has played more road games than Golden State's 21, so even at 4 1/2 games out there's reason to believe the Warriors can make a run at the Western Conference's No. 8 seed if they remain healthy. Playing 14 of their next 16 at home - where they're 8-6 - should certainly help. Golden State will begin that stretch against a team less likely to be part of the postseason. Cleveland (8-27) has gone in a tailspin since its 7-9 start, allowing 106.3 points per game while going 1-18. The Cavaliers have been especially bad on the road, losing 14 straight by an average of 14.8 points. "Every time I think we're taking a step forward, we're taking two steps back," coach Byron Scott said. "That's frustrating for any coach." Cleveland looked like it might snap its latest losing streak at seven Wednesday against visiting Toronto, pulling ahead by 15 in the first quarter. But the Cavaliers' woeful defense cost them again, as they surrendered 94 points over the final three quarters in a 120-105 loss. "We just didn't guard tonight, anybody," Scott said. "We've got to do a better job. We've got to take it personal. When you're one on one with a guy, it's got to be personal. Sometimes when those guys scored, it didn't hurt. It's got to hurt." Scott held J.J. Hickson out of Wednesday's game after the forward missed a mandatory practice Monday, and the Cavaliers are now missing two members of their backcourt. Anthony Parker sat out Wednesday with back spasms that could sideline him for the trip while Daniel Gibson didn't even travel with the team due to a sprained ankle. Cleveland has won four straight in Oakland by a total of 10 points, though LeBron James' 31.3 points per game certainly had quite a bit to do with that. Warriors guard Monta Ellis averaged 22.0 points but shot just 39.0 percent in those losses. Golden State is 10-6 when Ellis scores at least 25 points this season. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   