Warriors-Kings Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Feb 03 2012 2:14PM The Sacramento Kings didn't see much of Monta Ellis and Stephen Curry during the fourth quarter of their loss to the Golden State Warriors earlier this week. Golden State's last opponent, however, saw plenty of them. Following big nights from Ellis and Curry, the Warriors look to win their season-high third straight when they visit the Kings on Saturday night. Golden State completed a six-game homestand 3-3, winning the final two games this week. The Warriors (8-12) rallied for a 93-90 win over Sacramento on Tuesday with Ellis and Curry, as well as starting center Andris Biedrins, on the bench for almost the entire fourth quarter as coach Mark Jackson opted to stick with mostly reserve players. Jackson's starting backcourt, though, played a huge part in a 119-101 win over Utah on Thursday. Ellis had 33 points and Curry added 29, including 13 in the fourth quarter, as the duo combined to shoot 65.7 percent and lift Golden State to its highest-scoring game of the season. "At their best, I'd put them up against anybody in the game," Jackson said. "We know what they're capable of doing. The challenge to them is not to tease us." Ellis averaged 9.7 points while shooting 27.9 percent over the previous three games, missing all nine of his 3-point tries in that span before going 3 for 7 on Thursday. Curry was playing his sixth game after missing nine with an ankle problem and finished with a season-high 12 assists - the Warriors are 13-4 in his career when he has 10 or more. In the win over Sacramento, Ellis scored 12 points on 5-of-17 shooting before Jackson went to his bench and Curry was 1 of 7 for three points before sitting. The Kings (7-15) will try to slow them down again after snapping a five-game losing streak with a 95-92 win over Portland on Thursday. While Marcus Thornton led Sacramento with 20 points, John Salmons had season highs with 19 points and eight rebounds and hit the go-ahead jumper with 2:55 to play. It was a rare good night for Salmons, who is averaging 7.6 points - a little more than half his average with Milwaukee last season. He had scored in double figures only once in his previous 12 games. "He's too proud of a pro to have a season-long bad game," coach Keith Smart said. "I always knew that from knowing him around the league as a pro, that somewhere down the line his game is going to come back to him. The guy is really working. I'm happy that he played well, and so is the team." His big night helped the Kings, the second-lowest scoring team in the Western Conference with 90.8 points per game, finish with more than 93 points for only the second time in 11 games. Sacramento has won back-to-back games just once this season but improved to 5-4 at home with Thursday's victory. It has won three of its last four home games against Golden State, topping 120 points twice. DeMarcus Cousins will try to bounce back after struggling with foul trouble against Portland and finishing with eight points. He had 21 points and 15 rebounds against the Warriors on Tuesday. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited