Trail Blazers-Mavericks Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 04 2011 3:43PM With a difficult homestand this week, the Dallas Mavericks are hoping Dirk Nowitzki returns quickly, especially with the news that Caron Butler is likely out for the rest of the season. The Mavericks may be without two of their top scorers as they face the Portland Trail Blazers and one of the league's best scoring defenses Tuesday night. Dallas (25-8) snapped a three-game losing streak with a 104-95 victory at Cleveland on Sunday, winning for the first time since Nowitzki sprained his knee last Monday. It was also the first game for the Mavericks without Butler after he went down with a right knee injury in a 99-87 loss at Milwaukee on Saturday. Butler had surgery to repair a torn tendon and will likely miss the rest of the season. He is third on the team with 15.0 points per game. While Nowitzki, averaging 24.1 points and 7.4 rebounds, could return soon, it's not certain if he'll be available Tuesday. Butler and Nowitzki played a big part in a 103-98 home win over Portland on Dec. 15, as Butler had a team-high 23 points and Nowitzki scored 12 of his 21 in the final quarter. The injuries come at an especially difficult time with the Mavericks hosting the Trail Blazers (18-16), Oklahoma City and Orlando this week. However, Dallas hopes to continue getting multiple contributions as it did against Cleveland. Shawn Marion returned after he missed the previous game with a thigh injury and scored a season-high 22 points, shooting 11 of 16 from the field. DeShawn Stevenson also set a season best with 21 points while Tyson Chandler had 14 points and 14 rebounds. The Mavericks averaged 85.3 points in the three losses and were outrebounded by an average of 14.0. They had a 37-34 advantage on the glass Sunday. "I didn't have a choice but to suck it up and do what I had to do," Marion told the Mavericks' official website. "It felt better today, so I was like, 'I've got to go.' I didn't even question it. ... My teammates were there to support me." Marion will try to help Dallas cool off the surging Trail Blazers, who have overcome their own injury problems, including one to Brandon Roy, out indefinitely with knee troubles. Portland has won two straight and six of eight. It defeated Houston 100-85 Sunday - the fourth consecutive opponent held to 95 or fewer points. Coming off a 100-89 victory over Utah on Thursday, the Blazers had another solid defensive performance against the Rockets, holding them to 14 points in the third quarter and 37 in the second half. LaMarcus Aldridge had 25 points and 11 rebounds while Nicolas Batum added a season-high 21 points. "Our chemistry has gotten better," Aldridge said. "I think guys are really figuring out their roles." The Blazers may be tested this week, though. Portland is beginning a three-game trip in a place it has lost 12 of 14 and is 6-13 on the road, giving up 97.2 points per game compared to 91.2 at home. "When we are here at the Rose Garden we are consistent," center Marcus Camby said. "We win a couple and get momentum from it. Then we go out on the road and lose a few. We have to change that." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited