
 Kings-Timberwolves Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Oct 27 2010 12:11PM Led by the reigning NBA rookie of the year and a promising first-year center, the Sacramento Kings hope to become a surprise playoff contender this season. Anything shy of a dramatic improvement from another disappointing season still might not be enough to satisfy the front office of the Minnesota Timberwolves. Filled with expected optimism, the Western Conference's two worst teams from last season begin play Wednesday night in Minnesota, but the Kings will be without Tyreke Evans due to a suspension. Sacramento has not been to the playoffs since 2006 and finished at the bottom of the Pacific Division the last two seasons. Minnesota has gone six straight seasons without a playoff appearance after tying a franchise-low with 15 wins in 2009-10. Both clubs hope some young talent will lead to improvement and a more competitive effort this season. Sacramento, which started 13-14 then lost 20 of 23 en route to a 25-57 record, hopes another solid season from Evans will key a potential turnaround. However, he won't be available for this contest due to a one-game suspension for pleading no contest to reckless driving following his May 31 arrest. That leaves Kings fans having to wait a game to see how Evans fares alongside DeMarcus Cousins in the regular season. The selection of the 6-foot-11 Cousins with the fifth overall pick could give Sacramento a strong inside-outside threat. While Cousins averaged 15.1 points and 9.9 rebounds in his only collegiate season at Kentucky, Evans earned rookie of the year honors as the fourth first-year player in history to average at least 20 points (20.1), five rebounds (5.3) and five assists (5.8). Point guard Beno Udrih (12.9 points, 4.7 assists per game in 2009-10) and forward Jason Thompson (12.5 ppg, 8.5 rpg) return to complement Evans. Carl Landry, meanwhile, averaged 18.0 points and 6.5 boards in 28 games after being acquired in the trade that sent star Kevin Martin to Houston. "We have a lot of expectations," Thompson said. "We are obviously still kind of like the underdog, but we kind of like that. The high expectations are obvious that we are trying to make the playoffs and get back to how Sacramento used to be." For that to happen, Sacramento likely must give up fewer than the 104.4 points per game it allowed and improve on a 7-34 road mark. Only Minnesota's 5-36 record away from home was worse in the West. Timberwolves owner Glen Taylor was patient watching the club struggle in the first season under president David Kahn and coach Kurt Rambis, but has made it clear he wants immediate progress this time. "I call it holding people accountable," Taylor said. "Now you can say that we've brought in a number of players that the coaches have asked for. So I think you can hold them accountable and say we want to see the results." Only five players return from last season, when the Timberwolves allowed the second-most points per game (107.8) in the league. That group includes three of Minnesota's top four scorers - Kevin Love (14.0 ppg, 11.0 rpg), Jonny Flynn (13.5 ppg) and Corey Brewer (13.0 ppg). "We're loose," said Love, who averaged career highs for points and rebounds last season despite missing the first 18 games with a broken hand. "It's almost like the (2004) Boston Red Sox when they had the idiots. ... That's kind of how we are." Minnesota added talented but troubled forward Michael Beasley, the second overall pick in 2008 who averaged 14.3 points in two seasons with Miami. Underachieving former lottery pick Martell Webster should add depth, but will miss four to six weeks after undergoing back surgery. Wes Johnson was selected with the fourth overall pick after averaging 16.5 points and 8.5 rebounds for Big East regular-season champion Syracuse. "As of now, we're still the regular old Timberwolves," Beasley said. "But we're coming out. We're going to be ready to play every night." Each team won twice at home to split their four meetings last season. Minnesota has won six of eight over Sacramento at the Target Center. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   