Magic-Bucks Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Feb 11 2012 12:43AM Dwight Howard is the Orlando Magic's lone All-Star this season, and the Milwaukee Bucks know all about the center's exploits. Orlando is hoping they can begin capitalizing on his production again. Howard looks to help the Magic rebound from another overtime defeat Saturday night when they try to continue their success against the Bucks. Howard is averaging 20.9 points and an NBA-leading 15.4 rebounds, so it's not surprising that he'll represent the Magic (16-11) when they host the All-Star game later this month. Orlando, though, hasn't been able to capitalize on his strong play recently, losing twice on a three-game homestand with both defeats coming in overtime. Howard is averaging 25.3 points and 18.7 boards in that stretch, including 18 and 18, respectively, in Friday's 89-87 overtime defeat to Atlanta. "We just didn't play very well, that's the bottom line," coach Stan Van Gundy said. "We didn't play very well, but we stuck in there ... We just didn't get it done in the end." Howard's presence in the paint has made a dramatic difference for the Magic when they face the Bucks (12-14). The Magic have won 10 of the last 12 meetings with Milwaukee, and Howard is averaging 23.6 points and 13.6 rebounds in those victories. He was out for the two defeats due to an injury and an illness. Howard continued that dominant trend last season with 25.7 points and 17.0 rebounds during a three-game winning streak after Orlando lost the first matchup without him. The Bucks are on the brink of tying their season-high three-game winning streak, but could use another strong performance from Brandon Jennings. The point guard had 24 points and eight assists in a 113-112 overtime win at Cleveland on Friday, a night after he was miffed about not being named a reserve for the All-Star game. Jennings is trying to temper the firestorm created when he stated that he's already "doing my homework" on big-market teams in an interview with ESPN.com. He's under contract through next season. "It kind of got blown out of proportion a little bit. I never said I was leaving. I'm not looking to be in any big market or anything like that. I'm keeping my options open. After being in this a couple years, I understand the business of basketball. "I'm still going to be here playing hard every night and my focus is to get into the playoffs." Jennings was criticized for not doing that in Milwaukee's last home game Tuesday, scoring a season-low three points and only putting up four shots in 28-plus minutes in a 107-105 loss to Phoenix. "I just got in and talked to him," coach Scott Skiles said after the loss. "He looked a bit disconnected. I'm not sure why." That certainly wasn't the case in the Magic's last visit on March 16, when Jennings scored 23 points and handed out eight assists in a 93-89 overtime loss. Drew Gooden is providing Jennings with some offensive help, averaging 22.0 points over the last four games - nearly 10 higher than his season production. The forward-center averages 15.5 points in 17 career meetings with the Magic, scoring 18 in a 78-72 loss at Orlando on April 5. The Bucks and Magic will face each other four times over the next three weeks. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited