
 Bucks-Wizards Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Feb 09 2011 12:46AM The Milwaukee Bucks ended their losing streak in time to try and extend one that's consumed the Washington Wizards for a little more than two weeks. Looking to win consecutive games for the first time in February, the visiting Bucks try to hand the Wizards a ninth straight defeat Wednesday night. Milwaukee (20-30) snapped a four-game skid with a 92-74 home win over Toronto on Tuesday. It was the second-fewest points the Bucks have allowed this season. Sitting 10th in the Eastern Conference and 1 1/2 games out of the final playoff spot, the Bucks believe now is the time to string some victories together if they plan to reach the postseason for the second straight year. "I think there's definitely a sense of urgency," said John Salmons, who scored a team-high 17 points in his first start in three weeks. "I think we feel like we definitely have to make a push now. We can't wait any longer. Hopefully we can get on a little roll, try to win some games and make it to the playoffs. "It's been a tough year for everybody. We know one game is not going to do it for us. We know we have to string some along." The Bucks can start with a fourth consecutive victory over the Wizards (13-37), who are mired in their longest losing stretch since a 16-game skid March 3-30. Milwaukee, which has won three of four at Washington, has held the Wizards to 82.7 points per game over the last three meetings. Washington managed just 38 second-half points in a 100-87 loss at Milwaukee on Jan. 19. Corey Maggette scored 21 points in that contest for the Bucks, and has averaged 19.6 his last eight games. Wizards rookie point guard John Wall had 10 points with 13 assists, but didn't have to face Bucks star Brandon Jennings, who sat out with a broken foot. While Jennings looks to play well defensively, the Bucks would like to see his offense improve. The second-year guard has averaged 6.3 points in six games after missing 19 with the injury. He totaled just 33 points in four games against Washington last season. Wall expects to be ready to go despite injuring his ankle in Saturday's 99-92 loss to Atlanta. The top overall pick in 2010 remained in the game and finished with 18 points, six assists and six rebounds. "It was a rough game," Washington forward JaVale McGee said. It's certainly been rough for the Wizards, who are 0-25 on the road and have allowed an average of 109.3 points during their current eight-game skid. "(We're) out there trying to play hard," McGee said. Though Washington is 13-12 at home, it will try to avoid a season-high fourth straight defeat at the Verizon Center, Despite the Wizards' overall struggles, fourth-year swingman Nick Young has averaged 22.5 points the last 15 games. That included a 21-point effort against the Bucks last month. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   