Timberwolves-Thunder Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Mar 22 2012 3:29PM The Oklahoma City Thunder are making a concerted effort to control the paint. That could be a problem for a Minnesota Timberwolves team that's thin up front. Trying to win two straight for the first time in more than two weeks, the Western Conference-leading Thunder go for their 11th consecutive victory against Minnesota on Friday night. After getting outscored by 30 in the paint on Tuesday in a 97-90 loss at Utah, the Thunder (35-12) opened a three-game homestand on Wednesday by outrebounding the Los Angeles Clippers by 18 and outscoring them by 22 in the paint in a 114-91 victory. "We always want to stop guys from getting into the paint," said coach Scott Brooks, whose team has alternated wins and losses over the last nine games. "We have bigs that really did a good job of cleaning-up and protecting the paint when we do get beat, but tonight was good." The Thunder, looking for their first back-to-back wins since March 5 and 7, are hoping for a similar effort on Friday from Kevin Durant, Serge Ibaka and Kendrick Perkins, who combined for 25 rebounds and five blocks against Los Angeles. There's a good chance that could happen as the Timberwolves (23-25) will close out their season-high seven-game trip without starting center Nikola Pekovic, who returned to Minneapolis to get his sore left ankle checked out. Without Pekovic, who is scoring 13.5 points per game with 7.4 boards, Minnesota was outrebounded by a 56-41 margin in Wednesday's 116-100 loss to San Antonio. "Pek is huge for us," said All-Star forward Kevin Love, who recorded his league-best 40th double-double with 17 points and 12 rebounds. "He's the guy we can throw it into and know we can get easy buckets. He can keep the other team off the glass. It was tough for us." Love should make a second consecutive start in the middle as coach Rick Adelman has made it clear backup center Darko Milicic is in no condition to help the team. "He's gotten himself out of shape, and I don't think he's been as driven as you'd like," said Adelman, whose team is 11th in the West after dropping five of seven since Ricky Rubio's season-ending ACL injury. Timberwolves rookie forward Derrick Williams could get a second straight start and see plenty of playing time with Michael Beasley getting limited action with a left big toe sprain. While Minnesota could find it difficult to match up with the Thunder's starting frontcourt, the backcourt combination of Luke Ridnour and Martell Webster could have their hands full with Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook. The All-Star point guard and Love's former UCLA teammate, Westbrook is averaging 17.4 points and 10.8 assists during the Thunder's winning streak in this series after totaling 28 and six, respectively, in a 104-100 victory in Minneapolis on Dec. 26. Durant, the two-time defending scoring champ, had 33 points in that game and is averaging 31.4 since the Thunder's last loss to the Timberwolves, 129-87 at Minnesota on Jan. 7, 2009. Durant's 23 points led seven Thunder players in double figures in a 111-103 win over the Wolves on March 25, their fourth straight at home in this series. Love had 22 points, 12 boards and five assists in the Timberwolves' season-opening loss Dec. 26 after being sidelined with a groin injury in the team's last visit to Chesapeake Energy Arena. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited