Mavericks-Thunder Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Nov 24 2010 12:49AM Dirk Nowitzki has simply dominated the Oklahoma City Thunder since the franchise moved from the Pacific Northwest. Kevin Durant hasn't fared as well in those matchups. Durant and the Thunder are riding a five-game win streak as they try to slow down Nowitzki on Wednesday night when they host the Mavericks. Oklahoma City (10-4) and Dallas (9-4) have nearly identical records, and scorers who excel in using their length to their advantage in the 6-foot-9 Durant and 7-foot Nowitzki. The Mavericks forward is averaging 33.7 points on 53.2 percent shooting along with an average of 8.6 rebounds in seven meetings since the Thunder moved from Seattle before the 2008-09 season. Durant has played in six of those games, missing one victory for Oklahoma City. He's averaging 19.7 points on 35.0 percent shooting as the Thunder have gone 2-4 in the other six. It may be hard to determine how much energy both players will have Wednesday. Nowitzki had a season-high 42 points and 12 rebounds in an 88-84 home victory over Detroit on Tuesday. He scored 25 points after halftime as the Mavericks trailed by as many as 12 points in the second half. "It was winning time and the big German was hot," teammate Jason Terry said. "He was tremendous. It never ceases to amaze me the way he's able to fill it up." Durant missed two games with a left ankle sprain before he returned in a 117-107 victory over Minnesota on Monday. He scored 28 points, matching his season average. "I was definitely winded early," Durant said. "But the ankle felt good. I was able to move around better." In addition, Jeff Green sat out the past four games with a left ankle sprain, but he returned with an impressive night, making the go-ahead 3-pointer with 54.7 seconds left. Green scored a season-high 24 points. "It was my first complete game in two weeks, but I know my limits," Green said. "Eventually my second wind came around." Russell Westbrook averaged 23.0 points in the four games Green missed, including 24.5 in the two Durant also sat out. Westbrook had 20 points and a season-high 14 assists Monday, and coach Scott Brooks knows that having two injured starters back makes it easier for everyone. "They are fine," Brooks said. "You want those guys back when they are ready and as a coach you want your players healthy. We're glad we're in a position to have everyone back tonight. Obviously, Kevin and Jeff are a big part of what we do." The 22-year-old Westbrook may be expected to have a decided advantage in his point guard duel with the 37-year-old Jason Kidd, but the two matched up fairly evenly last season. Westbrook averaged 17.0 points and 6.3 assists against Dallas in 2009-10, while Kidd averaged 13.3 points on 55.6 percent shooting to go with 7.8 assists per game. Dallas forward Shawn Marion missed Tuesday's morning shootaround with an illness, and scored four points in 15 minutes. Coach Rick Carlisle said Marion should be fine for Wednesday. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited