Trail Blazers-Grizzlies Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Dec 13 2010 12:21PM The condition of Brandon Roy's left knee is an ongoing concern for the Portland Trail Blazers, but the three-time All-Star says he won't miss the team's game against the Memphis Grizzlies despite aggravating the injury Sunday. They might not need him. Wesley Matthews' career-high 30 points carried the Trail Blazers to an eighth straight win in Memphis last month, a streak they'll try to extend Monday night as they continue a four-game road trip at FedEx Forum. Roy doesn't have cartilage in either knee, and he's had potentially serious issues in both over the past nine months. Last spring he tore the meniscus in his right knee, and last month he experienced painful swelling and discomfort in the left knee, which was operated on in April 2008. He missed three games because of the left knee, and certainly doesn't seem to have the same explosiveness and mobility he showed while becoming one of the league's top all-around players the past few seasons. Roy was held to nine points for the second time in three games Sunday, when he again tweaked his knee in a 95-78 loss at San Antonio. Roy missed 12 of 16 shots and is shooting 41.0 percent in 21 games - 5.7 percent below his career average heading into the season. "I tweaked my knee a little early in the game, and it was little sore going on from there," Roy said. "You know, I still got some looks, but didn't really have the explosiveness. Earlier I kind of made a move and kind of twisted it a little bit. I didn't really have the same lift, but I should be good for (Monday)." If the Blazers (12-12) choose to be cautious and rest Roy, they can still feel good about their chances. They've beaten the Grizzlies (10-14) eight straight times in Memphis, including a 100-99 victory Nov. 16 without Roy. Matthews scored 30 points in the victory - his first start since signing with Portland over the summer - and when Roy came back he displaced Nicolas Batum in the starting five. Matthews is averaging 20.3 points in his 11 starts, and the Trail Blazers are 6-3 when he scores at least 18 this season. Memphis, meanwhile, has won four of five at home since the loss to Portland, and should be feeling good about itself as it returns from a four-game road trip. The Grizzlies stayed close in losses at Denver and Utah, then closed the trip with two victories. Zach Randolph had 34 points and 17 rebounds Wednesday in a 104-98 overtime win at Phoenix, then had 18 points and 13 boards in Saturday's 84-83 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers. "Our effort is becoming more consistent. Our defense is getting more consistent," coach Lionel Hollins said. "We just have to stay focused offensively throughout the course of the game, and good things will happen." Largely thanks to Randolph, the Grizzlies average an NBA-best 47.8 points in the paint. The Blazers held a 46-42 edge in the first meeting, and Memphis is 1-7 when it allows that many points in the lane. The Grizzlies' main problem during their home slide against Portland, though, has been defending the arc. The Blazers have shot 45.3 percent from 3-point range in those eight wins. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited