
 Trail Blazers-Lakers Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 07 2010 1:38AM The Los Angeles Lakers are one of three remaining unbeaten teams in the NBA, but face a tough test in their next game. Los Angeles looks to open 7-0 for the second time in three seasons when it hosts the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday night. The Lakers (6-0) have recorded an NBA-best 227 regular-season wins since the beginning of the 2006-07 season, but are just 6-8 against Portland over that span. While they have had some recent trouble with the Trail Blazers, things seem to go a lot smoother at the Staples Center, where the two-time reigning champions have won 13 of 16 over the previous nine seasons. Los Angeles stayed perfect with a 108-103 win over Toronto on Friday as Pau Gasol continued his torrid start with 30 points. He has scored at least 21 in each of the six victories and is averaging a team-high 24.8 points. Kobe Bryant added 23, but knows there's still room for improvement. "We always have to work on stuff," he said. "You can't go through a year playing perfect basketball. You still got to work on things. "It's just about getting a win and just moving on, and continuing to get better." One of the Lakers' biggest surprises has been the play of Steve Blake, who was signed in the offseason to back up point guard Derek Fisher. Blake went 4 of 6 from 3-point range against the Raptors en route to a season-high 14 points, and is looking to forward to facing his former team. "We'll watch some film and go over some plays that they're running," said Blake, who spent three-plus seasons with the Trail Blazers. "We have to use our momentum and take care of home court." The Lakers know that containing three-time All Star Brandon Roy is pivotal in trying to stay unbeaten. I think he's already (an elite player), he's just up in Portland so nobody gets a chance to see him," Bryant said of Roy. "He's a fantastic player." Roy led the Trail Blazers (5-2) with 26 points in Saturday night's 97-84 win over Toronto, the fifth time in seven games that Portland has held an opponent to 95 points or less. Marcus Camby, who was uncertain to play due to migraine headaches, finished with eight points and a season-high 16 rebounds despite missing part of the game because of further symptoms. He is expected to play in this game. "We're in a situation where we need everyone to play big," Roy said. "Whether you are 100 percent or not, we need you. I am playing more minutes than I have ever played. Everybody needs a little help and that was what made Marcus' effort tonight so big." Roy leads the team, which is 3-1 on the road and off to its best start since going 10-2 to begin the 1999-2000 season, with 22.0 points per game. Portland is 7-2 against the Lakers with Roy in the lineup, including a 2-2 mark in Los Angeles. LaMarcus Aldridge put up 22 points and grabbed 10 boards against Toronto for his third double-double of the season. Aldridge has six double-doubles in 12 career starts versus the Lakers. Rudy Fernandez missed his second straight game with a back injury and is questionable for this game. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   