Wizards-Heat Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Apr 20 2012 3:16PM In the Miami Heat's last eight games, Dwyane Wade has sat out the four against opponents with losing records while playing four times against playoff teams. If that pattern holds, Wade won't be on the court when the Heat look for a sixth straight win in a home matchup with the Washington Wizards on Saturday night. Wade has missed 14 games this season with a variety of injuries, with Miami (45-17) winning 13 of them. He sat out recent victories over Detroit, Charlotte, New Jersey and Toronto. He played against Boston, New York and Chicago twice in that eight-game stretch, returning from a two-game absence to score 18 points in an 83-72 home win over the Bulls on Thursday. Miami pulled with 1 1/2 games of Chicago for the Eastern Conference's best record. If the Heat win their final four contests and the Bulls lose once, Miami will clinch the top seed. "I just feel like you have to win on the road, no matter what, if you want to win a championship," Wade said. "So it really doesn't matter. When you're playing teams like the Bulls or you get to the finals, stuff like that, the teams are good. They can win anywhere. So it's not really as big a deal as people make it." Heat coach Erik Spoelstra also isn't concerned about the race for the No. 1 seed. "We needed to address our consistency, our identity, make sure that we're playing at a high level going into the postseason," Spoelstra said. "That is, first and foremost, our priority. Obviously the standings are something that we're aware of. And when you have an opportunity to play for it, you do. But in terms of it being bigger than anything ... I think players have the proper perspective about it." While Wade has been in and out of the lineup, LeBron James has been a model of consistency in missing only one game. The two-time MVP finished with 27 points, 11 rebounds and six assists Thursday. Forward Chris Bosh has sat out two straight games with what Spoelstra described as "minor bumps and bruises." Miami has two meetings left with Washington (16-46) after winning its sixth in a row in the series, 106-89 on Feb. 10. Wade scored 26 points and Bosh had 24 and 11 boards. The Wizards have won two straight and four of six, beating Milwaukee 121-112 at home Wednesday. Jordan Crawford matched a season high with 32 points despite playing with an injured right ankle. "I was sore but the trainers did a great job preparing me for the game," Crawford said. "I wanted to play." Washington's last three wins have come against playoff teams Orlando and Chicago and playoff hopeful Milwaukee. The Wizards are enjoying the role of spoiler. "I am proud of how these guys came out and really stood up to how these teams are playing," coach Randy Wittman said. "We have a couple more coming up against Miami that will obviously be important games." Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited