Jazz-Pelicans Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 19 2013 4:37PM The one-win Utah Jazz have had an especially hard time putting points on the board. The New Orleans Pelicans, though, had no answer for them last week. Seeking a fifth consecutive victory in the series, the visiting Jazz try to get the best of the Pelicans again Wednesday night. Utah (1-11) is 29th in the NBA in scoring at 88.6 points per game and ranks last with a 0.98 assist-to-turnover ratio. The Jazz, though, put together by far their best performance of the season in a 111-105 win over New Orleans last Wednesday. Gordon Hayward had 27 points and a career-high 10 assists while Richard Jefferson and Enes Kanter scored a combined 43. The Jazz erased a 16-point deficit in the second half and shot 51.4 percent, significantly higher than their season mark of 41.2. "We got to look at the film and see what we were doing wrong," Pelicans leading scorer Anthony Davis said of the Jazz, who have not scored 100 points in any other game. "It's tough as a defensive team and they score 100-plus, 110-plus. We can't allow them to do that." Utah has since been held under 90 points in each contest during a three-game skid. The Jazz, though, now go for their longest win streak in this series in more than two decades. Another victory could be hard to come by on the road, where they've been outscored by an average of 15.1 points while going 0-6. New Orleans (4-6) has taken three of four on its own court, including a 135-98 rout of Philadelphia on Saturday. Davis had a season-low 13 points but grabbed nine rebounds and set a career high with eight blocks before sitting out the last 15 minutes with the game out of reach. "You always want to play no matter how much you're winning by, how much time is left ... but I don't ever question (coach Monty Williams') decision," Davis said. "We won and that's all that matters." Davis is averaging 20.9 points and 11.0 rebounds and ranks second in the league with 3.6 blocks per game. He had 29 points and 15 boards against the Jazz last week. "He'll get a quadruple double one of these days if you want to be honest," point guard Jrue Holiday said. "I kind of expect that from him. That's where a lot of pressure is kind of being put on him, but he can handle it." The Pelicans got a huge boost from Ryan Anderson, who scored 26 points while going 6 of 10 from 3-point range in his season debut. Anderson missed the first nine games with a broken toe. Utah is coming off a home-and-home sweep at the hands of Golden State, falling 98-87 on Monday. Hayward had 18 points and Marvin Williams scored 16 off the bench, but Utah was outrebounded 57-40 and limited to 39.5 percent shooting. "We missed some outside jump shots and they were off to the races and in transition," said Hayward, averaging 4.8 turnovers in the last five games. "It's frustrating and we have to play smarter." The Jazz will be short-handed Wednesday with Williams out due to a broken nose. While injured point guard Trey Burke (fractured finger) is nearing a return, the rookie is not expected to debut in this game. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited