Jazz-Spurs Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Apr 08 2011 7:00PM The San Antonio Spurs have put an awful stretch behind them and will enter the playoffs as the Western Conference's top seed. They're now focused on securing home-court advantage throughout the postseason. The Spurs look to win their fourth in a row and sweep the season series from the struggling Utah Jazz on Saturday night at the AT&T Center. After dropping six straight from March 23-April 1 - its longest skid in 14 years - and seeing its conference lead dwindle to 1 1/2 games, San Antonio (60-19) has bounced back with three consecutive victories. The Spurs wrapped up first place in the West on Wednesday when they best Sacramento 124-92 and the Los Angeles Lakers lost 86-85 to the Jazz. Manu Ginobili had a game-high 25 points for San Antonio, which shot 60.5 percent in its most lopsided win of the season. The Spurs seem have quieted the critics with their turnaround, but they're not done yet. San Antonio is just ahead of Chicago for the top record in the NBA and home-court advantage throughout the playoffs. "We know we have a big chance on Saturday against the Jazz," Ginobili said. "We were a little worried (during our losing streak). We knew it wasn't the end of the world to finish second, but at the same time after the kind of season we had, we wanted (the top seed in the West). "We got a great opportunity, it's not over yet, and we definitely want to get the next one." Although Utah knocked off the Lakers on Wednesday, that is its only victory in the last three weeks. The Jazz (37-42) followed up that win with a 98-87 loss to Portland the following night, their ninth defeat in 10 games. That guaranteed Utah would finish with a losing record for only the second time since 1982-83. San Antonio has handed Utah two losses this season, and can sweep the season series for the second time in three years after losing all four games to the Jazz in 2009-10. These teams haven't met since the Spurs' 112-105 win in Salt Lake City on Jan. 26, as San Antonio overcame a 39-point performance from now-former Jazz star Deron Williams. Ginobili had 26 points for San Antonio, while Tony Parker scored 23. The Spurs allowed Utah to shoot 54.7 percent in that game, but they're playing much better defensively, yielding an average of 93.0 points in the last three. They allowed 108.3 points and 50.3 percent shooting during the losing streak. "We have been concentrating on the defense," coach Gregg Popovich said. "That is where we really need to improve the most. (These last two games) we played very good defense, and it fueled the offense. That is where it all starts for us." That could spell trouble for Utah, which has averaged 87.8 points in its last six games. The Jazz are 2-16 when scoring 89 or fewer points, and the Spurs are 14-1 when holding opponents to fewer than 90. "When you are struggling, everyone is concerned with their points," Utah coach Ty Corbin said. "If you're not making points, there are other things you can do to help." Jazz guard Devin Harris returned Thursday after missing five games with a strained hamstring. He tied a career best with five 3-pointers and led Utah with 26 points, but committed seven turnovers. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited