Warriors-Timberwolves Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Feb 23 2013 11:29PM With back-to-back home victories, the Golden State Warriors have rebounded from their longest slide of the season. A visit to Minnesota might help them end their struggles on the road. The Warriors look to avoid a sixth straight road defeat Sunday with a fifth consecutive win over the Timberwolves. Debuting its new short-sleeve yellow jerseys, Golden State (32-23) overcame a 13-point fourth-quarter deficit to beat NBA-leading San Antonio 107-101 in overtime Friday for its second straight victory following a six-game skid. "We're not going anywhere," coach Mark Jackson said. "We will not go anywhere. So get used to seeing these beautiful yellow jerseys." The Warriors will wear the unique threads two more times, but not Sunday when they open a five-game trip trying to avoid losing at least six straight road games in a fifth consecutive season. Golden State's last five road opponents have averaged 117.8 points and shot 49.4 percent. However, the Warriors have held Minnesota (20-32) to 91.3 points per game on 40.1 percent shooting while winning four straight in the series, including the last three at the Target Center. Golden State has won nine of 11 at Minnesota. The Warriors hope their strong defensive effort against the Spurs carries over Sunday. San Antonio matched its third-worst shooting performance of the season at 38.9 percent and went 4 of 22 (18.2 percent) from 3-point range. "By far our best defensive effort in a really, really long time," guard Jarrett Jack said. "Maybe a team like the Spurs makes you perk your ears and forces yourself to dig in." Jack finished with 30 points and 10 assists while David Lee scored 25 with a season-high 22 rebounds to help Golden State snap a 16-game skid against San Antonio. Jack became the first NBA reserve to finish with that combination of points and assists since Magic Johnson on Feb. 16, 1996. A strong candidate for the NBA's Sixth Man of the Year award, Jack has averaged 22.4 points on 52.0 percent shooting along with 6.6 assists in his last five contests, which were interrupted by a three-game absence due to a sore shoulder. He scored 13 in a 106-98 win at Minnesota on Nov. 16, but was held to one while shooting 0 of 7 from the field in a 96-85 home victory over the Timberwolves eight days later. Minnesota again failed to win two in a row for the first time in more than two months when it yielded its most points of the season in Friday's 127-111 loss at Oklahoma City. Rookie Alexey Shved scored 17 to lead seven players in double figures for the Timberwolves, who shot 48.2 percent but allowed the Thunder to make 57.8 percent of their attempts. "We moved the ball better, we attacked better," guard J.J. Barea said. "I think we were a little more aggressive. We just couldn't stop them. "If we play on offense like that every night, we're going to have better chances to win games. So hopefully we carry this on to the next game." Shved had a season-high 22 points with seven assists in the November home meeting with Golden State. Andrew Bogut wasn't around then, one of 38 consecutive games he missed with a sore ankle. His latest problem is a protruding disk that's causing back issues, and Bogut won't travel on the beginning of this trip after sitting out Friday's victory. The Warriors are hopeful he can return later in the trip, but there is no timetable for his return. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited