Grizzlies-Cavaliers Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 27 2010 2:59PM The Memphis Grizzlies continue to roll, and will look to extend their longest winning streak of the season against the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Grizzlies, however, have lost six straight in Cleveland and will try to snap that streak Saturday night. Memphis (7-9) recorded its second-highest scoring output of the season in its 116-111 win over Golden State on Friday night as O.J. Mayo scored 23 points off the bench. "He makes shots," Memphis coach Lionel Hollins said. "That's what he does. He's a shot-maker. He came out aggressive and made them." Mayo, who is averaging 12.8 points in four games against the Cavaliers, has been used in a reserve role during the Grizzlies' three-game winning streak after starting the season's first 13 games. "In practice we do a good job now of pushing the first team, understanding we are the second team, but we ain't no slouches," Mayo said. "We're coming into work every day. They kind of call us the Goon Squad. "We're coming in and working hard every day, and if Coach looks down the line to one of the guys on the second team, he's not afraid to put us in because we've already prepared ourselves in practice." Rudy Gay had 25 points against the Warriors and is averaging a team-best 21.8, but has been limited to 16.5 per game versus the Cavaliers. The Grizzlies are scoring 104.4 points per game at home compared to 97.3 on the road, where they have lost five of seven. They should be able to keep up with the Cavaliers, though, who are registering 91.9 points at Quicken Loans Arena. After scoring six points in his previous game, Antawn Jamison led the Cavaliers (6-9) with a season-high 22 off the bench in a 111-100 loss in Orlando on Friday night. "It seemed like every time we made that run, they would hit another big shot," said Daniel Gibson. "It is a credit to those guys for being resilient and not allowing us to get back into the game and make it close." Cleveland managed to reach 100 points for the first time in four games, but has lost six of eight, and the frustration has started to mount for coach Byron Scott. "It's hard when you're playing against eight people," Scott said after the loss to the Magic. "There are five white jerseys and three with stripes. It's hard to play against all of them out there." Jamison could be in line for another big game, as he is averaging 23.1 points in his last 22 games against Memphis. Mo Williams, who leads the team with 15.3 points per contest, scored 20 and dished out a season-best eight assists Friday night. Since coming to Cleveland in 2008-09, Williams has averaged 18.0 points against the Grizzlies while shooting 52.9 percent from 3-point range. J.J. Hickson recorded double figures in points in eight of his first nine games, but scored seven against the Magic and has been held to less than 10 in six straight contests. Cleveland hasn't lost to Memphis at home since a 122-115 double overtime defeat Nov. 29, 2003. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited