Warriors-Thunder Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Feb 16 2012 1:48PM Despite entering Friday night having played the fewest home games in the league, the Oklahoma City Thunder are leading the Western Conference and sitting comfortably atop the Northwest Division. The Thunder appear to have a good chance to pad their lead when they open a lengthy home stretch against the Golden State Warriors, one of their favorite visitors to Oklahoma City. The Thunder are 10-1 at Chesapeake Energy Arena but have only played there twice in the last three weeks. They've actually had as many games at Golden State's Oracle Arena in that same span. They beat the Warriors 120-109 on Jan. 27, and Kevin Durant hit the go-ahead basket with 14.2 seconds remaining to help Oklahoma City withstand a 48-point performance from Monta Ellis in a 119-116 victory Feb. 7. While the Thunder (22-7) have spent a lot of time on the road lately, they're about to re-acquaint themselves with the home fans, with 10 of their next 13 games in Oklahoma City. They open a five-game homestand against a Warriors team they've beaten five straight times in Oklahoma City since losing the first meeting there Dec. 8, 2008. That matches the Thunder's longest active winning streak over an opponent in Oklahoma City. Not surprisingly, Durant has been instrumental to that success. The two-time defending NBA scoring champion is averaging 34.3 points in six games against the Warriors in Oklahoma City. His career scoring average of 31.4 against Golden State (11-15) is tied for his best against any opponent. He had 37 points and 14 rebounds in the first meeting this season, then had 33 points, 10 boards and seven assists in the rematch two weeks later. Although Durant's team owns a 5 1/2-game lead atop the Northwest - the largest of any West division leader - coach Scott Brooks has one big concern. Oklahoma City is averaging a league-worst 17.1 turnovers, and its inability to protect the ball proved detrimental Wednesday against Houston. The Thunder turned the ball over 22 times, leading to 26 points for the Rockets in a 96-95 loss. "The thing all season long that we're trying to correct, and we must get better, is turnovers," Brooks said. "We're in every game and we give up the ball too many times." Despite their sloppiness, the Thunder still had a chance to win, but Durant missed three shots in the last 16 seconds. He finished with 33 points, eight rebounds and four turnovers. Point guard Russell Westbrook had 26 points but turned the ball over six times. The All-Star reserve is averaging a league-worst 4.4 turnovers, including 69 in his last 12 games compared to 64 assists. In this season's two games against the Warriors, Westbrook has combined for 59 points with 18 assists and 16 turnovers. Golden State will enter Friday's matchup having played a league-low nine road games (3-6) but plays eight of its next nine away from Oakland. The Warriors are hoping to have Ellis back at full strength after he sat out the fourth quarter of Wednesday's 93-91 loss to Portland because of an illness. Ellis, who averages a team-best 22.0 points, scored 10 on 3-of-9 shooting as Golden State's season-high three-game winning streak was snapped. "A tough loss, but we move forward," coach Mark Jackson said. David Lee picked up the scoring slack Wednesday, matching a season high with 29 points. He recorded his second career triple-double against the Thunder earlier this month, finishing with 25 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited