Spurs-Timberwolves Preview By JUSTIN EINHORN Posted Jan 10 2011 7:28PM No team has more wins than the San Antonio Spurs and no team has more losses than the Minnesota Timberwolves, so it seems fairly odd their meetings keep going down to the wire. It's not so surprising that San Antonio keeps winning them. Two days after dropping another close one to the league's top team, Minnesota gets its last crack at the Spurs this season and tries to end the NBA's longest losing streak against one opponent Tuesday night at the Target Center. Though the Timberwolves (9-29) are tied with Cleveland for the league's most losses and are barely ahead of Sacramento for the Western Conference's worst record, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich feels as if their record is a whole lot better. "Minnesota has been tough for us. As far as I'm concerned, they're 24-6 or something," Popovich said. "They play their butts off and they run good stuff." The Timberwolves' latest near miss against San Antonio (31-6) came Sunday night, when Luke Ridnour missed a potential game-tying 3-pointer with 31 seconds left and Anthony Tolliver missed one with 0.9 to go in a 94-91 defeat. Minnesota blew double-digit leads in the fourth quarter of the other two matchups this season, losing 107-101 on Dec. 9 and 113-109 in overtime Nov. 24 in the first meeting at the Target Center. "It's pretty frustrating because we match up against them pretty well. We've taken them to three very very tight games; an overtime game," forward Kevin Love said. "We owe them one on Tuesday, hopefully we can get that one and not sulk on (Sunday's loss)." Love had 18 points and 17 rebounds Sunday for his 24th straight double-double. He's averaged 25.0 points and 19.0 boards in the season series, but Minnesota is at risk of being swept by San Antonio for the fourth straight season. The Spurs' 15-game winning streak in the series, dating to an overtime loss at Minnesota on Jan. 3, 2007, is currently the NBA's longest by one team against another. "To me, it's only a matter of time before they turn it around based on how they play us at least," Spurs forward Matt Bonner said. "They play hard on both sides of the ball. We've had our hands full trying to get our three wins against them this year and it's going to be even harder to get that fourth next game." Manu Ginobili had a game-high 21 points Sunday, two nights after scoring 25 in a win at Indiana as the Spurs avoided going winless on a three-game road trip. He's averaged 21.0 points this season versus Minnesota while going 24 of 26 from the foul line. The Spurs have made and attempted 37 more free throws than the Timberwolves in the three meetings. Minnesota could be missing Michael Beasley after he aggravated his sprained left ankle in the second quarter Sunday, though they played the Spurs tight in the second half without him. Beasley had two points after averaging 23.6 in his previous eight games. He did not practice Monday and the Timberwolves said they would re-evaluate him before this contest. The Timberwolves have lost four in a row overall, but they've won four of their past nine home games and most of the losses in that span were close - by an average of 6.4 points. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited