
 Wizards-Kings Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Dec 08 2010 3:04AM It's been a rough first six weeks of the season for the Sacramento Kings. It could become even rockier if their leading scorer is sidelined. With Tyreke Evans questionable due to plantar fasciitis, the Kings will try to avoid their first nine-game losing streak in two seasons on Wednesday night when they face a Washington Wizards team still searching for its first road win. Since opening 3-1 for the first time in seven seasons, Sacramento (4-15) has dropped 14 of 15 to take over the NBA's worst record. The Kings, though, have been competitive lately, losing their last two after holding late fourth-quarter leads. After getting outscored 15-4 in the final 5:11 of Saturday's 105-103 home loss to Dallas, Sacramento fell 98-91 at the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday despite erasing a 17-point third-quarter deficit. "We learned what we already know - that we have to keep getting better in late-game situations," coach Paul Westphal said following Tuesday's practice. "To have a four-point lead (with 2:36 left) and get outscored 11-0 is really painful." Watching Evans struggle has been even more painful for Westphal and the Kings. Evans, last season's rookie of the year, is averaging 17.6 points - 2.5 fewer than in 2009-10 - and shooting just 39.9 percent from the field after a 5-of-19 performance Monday. On his Twitter page Tuesday afternoon, Evans said he was going to "see a foot physician for my plantar faciaitis (sic)." "There's obviously something going on that's frustrating for Tyreke and for everybody watching, so we're trying to get to the bottom of it," said Westphal, whose team will try to avoid its first nine-game skid since March 31-April 13, 2009. "We'll deal with whatever the doctor says and go from there." While the Kings take a wait-and-see approach with Evans, Westphal expects continued production from backup point guard Pooh Jeter. The undrafted rookie has 11 points in two of the last three games, scoring all of his points in the fourth quarter Monday. "There's a reason to believe he can really contribute," Westphal said. Sacramento has dropped four straight at Arco Arena, but it will welcome a Wizards team that sports an 0-11 road record following Tuesday's 115-108 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers. Washington (6-14) and the Clippers are the only remaining teams without a road win. The Wizards may close their three-game western swing without Andray Blatche, who is averaging 17.1 points and 7.8 rebounds but missed Tuesday's loss with a bruised hip. Washington, though, will look for another big boost off the bench from swingman Nick Young, who is averaging 25.0 points on the trip after hitting a career-high six 3-pointers and scoring a season-high 30 against the Lakers. "He made some big shots for us and single-handedly kept us in the game in the first half," said coach Flip Saunders, whose team is allowing 113.0 points per game away from home. Wizards rookie John Wall, who had 22 points and a season-high 14 assists on Tuesday, will face former Kentucky teammate DeMarcus Cousins for the first time. Since Westphal reinserted Cousins into the starting lineup two games ago, the 20-year-old center is averaging 16.0 points with 9.0 rebounds. Samuel Dalembert could be available off the Kings' bench if he returns in time from a funeral in Philadelphia on Wednesday morning. Evans led the Kings with 26 points as they snapped an eight-game skid to Washington with a 112-109 victory at Arco Arena on Dec. 16, but the Wizards have still won nine of 10 versus Sacramento. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   