Bobcats-Spurs Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Mar 01 2012 6:12PM The San Antonio Spurs haven't experienced many home losses like their last one. It seems even less likely that it will carry over into their next game, particularly if Manu Ginobili returns. Ginobili will be a game-time decision Friday night when the Spurs host the league-worst Charlotte Bobcats. San Antonio lost for the second time in 15 home games after falling 96-89 to Chicago on Wednesday. The Spurs (24-11) shot 38.6 percent in the first half, and Tim Duncan and Tony Parker combined to shoot 35.1 percent overall. Duncan scored 18 points but only had two in the fourth quarter, while Parker scored 11 before going scoreless in the final period. "They have a good defense," Parker said. "At the same time, I thought we missed a lot of good shots that we usually make. ... I missed some easy shots and Timmy did too." It was the first of a seven-game homestand for San Antonio, matching the longest in franchise history. The Spurs lost consecutive home games once last season. They have a good chance to avoid that fate with Charlotte (4-29) coming into the AT&T Center having won twice in 19 road games. Also, coach Gregg Popovich said Ginobili may play after he resumed practicing Thursday. Ginobili has missed the last four games with a strained left oblique after missing 22 earlier in the season with a broken left hand. He is averaging 12.1 points and 3.3 assists in nine games. The Spurs, though, may not need him. They are 12-2 all-time against the Bobcats, going 6-1 at home. They've won four straight meetings in San Antonio by an average of 16.0 points, and Charlotte hasn't scored more than 98 points in any of those seven games. While San Antonio tries to bounce back after coming out flat from the All-Star break, it says it won't overlook the lowly Bobcats. "It doesn't matter who we're playing, that's something Pop preaches," forward Richard Jefferson said. "It's about doing what we do, making the fewest mistakes and playing hard." The Bobcats have dropped three straight and 19 of 20, falling 109-94 at Detroit on Wednesday. Charlotte is averaging 85.0 points and shooting 38.8 percent during the current skid, down from its Eastern Conference-worst averages of 86.7 points and 41.5 percent shooting. The Bobcats were outrebounded 55-37 on Wednesday, an advantage made worse when they lost starting center Bismack Biyombo to a strained left shoulder. He was scheduled to have an MRI on Thursday. "When we lost Bismack Biyombo, he was the one that was playing tough and rebounding for us and blocking shots; all things that we needed," coach Paul Silas said. "When we lost him, it was tough to make that up." His absence could weaken an already poor Charlotte defense, which has given up an average of 106.3 points during the three-game skid. The Bobcats have been outrebounded by an average of 17.7 in those contests. Duncan will try to take advantage, as he's averaged 16.5 points and 10.5 rebounds in six home games against Charlotte despite playing more than 35 minutes only once. The one bright spot for Charlotte on Wednesday was the return of Gerald Henderson, who missed the previous nine games with a strained right hamstring. He had 13 points, including six in the fourth quarter. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited