Grizzlies-Raptors Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Jan 23 2011 1:58PM The Memphis Grizzlies have struggled to play consistently this season. Their star forward, Zach Randolph, hasn't had that problem for much of this month. Randolph will try to extend his franchise-best streak of double-doubles to 11 and lead the Grizzlies to a third straight win as they visit the struggling Toronto Raptors on Monday night. Randolph broke the team record he previously shared with Shareef Abdur-Rahim in Saturday night's 94-81 win at Milwaukee, finishing with 16 points and 11 rebounds. "Hopefully, I can keep it going for another 10 more games," Randolph said. The win gave Memphis its eighth win streak of at least two games this season. The Grizzlies (21-23) also have seven losing streaks of that same length. "We're trying to make the next step," center Marc Gasol said. "We've been really up and down. When we win a couple of games, we get really confident and when we lose a couple, we get down." A matchup with Toronto, losers of a season-high seven in a row, might help. The Raptors (13-31) had only nine players available in Saturday night's 120-103 loss in Miami due to injuries to Linas Kleiza, Joey Dorsey and Leandro Barbosa. However, they showed more competitiveness after falling behind early in that game than in a 112-72 drubbing in Orlando the previous evening. Toronto trimmed a 26-point halftime deficit to seven with 6:27 remaining but couldn't get any closer. "Guys fought back, but we got in a big hole just because of our roster," coach Jay Triano said. "I give our guys credit because there's a lot of guys that are banged up and hurting. They could have just mailed it in in the second half, but they gave themselves a chance to get back in the game." The Raptors have dropped four in a row to the Grizzlies and had a three-game home winning streak snapped last season with a 109-102 overtime defeat. Rudy Gay scored eight of his 29 points in the extra period of that game, and Randolph finished with 24 points and 11 rebounds. That double-double was the only one in his last six matchups with Toronto, but he's averaged 25.0 points in the past three. He had a team-best 21 points and eight rebounds in a 96-85 home win over the Raptors on Dec. 27. Along with Randolph, the Grizzlies could have another advantage in Monday's game. Memphis is averaging an NBA-best 49.1 points in the paint, while Toronto is allowing a league-worst 48.1 per game. The Grizzlies had a season-high 72 points in the paint in a 115-110 win over Houston on Friday night and have topped 50 in three straight contests. "That's our game," coach Lionel Hollins said. "We lead the league in points in the paint. We led the league last year in points in the paint. That is who we are. We try to find ways to attack the paint." Toronto, losers in eight of 10 at home, hasn't dropped eight straight overall since a 10-game slide March 26-April 12, 2006. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited