
 Pacers-Jazz Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Dec 01 2010 2:12AM With Deron Williams running the show, the Utah Jazz have been one of the NBA's most efficient and explosive offenses over the past four seasons. That doesn't look like it's about to change, but right now they're thriving on the other end. The Jazz have clamped down defensively in winning six in a row, a streak they'll try to extend Wednesday night as they host a fast-improving Indiana Pacers team looking for a fifth consecutive road victory. Utah (14-5) has long been one of the league's best teams at the offensive end, finishing in the top three in field-goal percentage and the top seven in scoring each of the past four seasons. The Jazz seem to be finding their footing again offensively after a shaky start, averaging 103.7 points and shooting 50.6 percent during a six-game winning streak, but their defense has been even more impressive. Utah has held opponents to 90.8 points per game and 39.5 percent shooting during that stretch after Monday's 109-88 rout of Milwaukee. The Jazz have kept eight straight opponents under 100 points, something they hadn't done since late in the 2003-04 season. "When we want to, we can play defense," said center Al Jefferson, who had 22 points, 11 rebounds and four blocks Monday. "We've just got to continue to do that every night, no matter who we are playing." Jefferson's never been known for playing great defense, but he's certainly impressing Williams. Jefferson has had at least three blocks in six different games, and it's no surprise the Jazz are 5-1 in those contests. "He's giving us a different look with blocked shots," Williams said. "(Carlos) Boozer didn't block many shots. He got a lot of steals, but he wasn't a shot-blocker." Jefferson's offense hasn't hurt, either. Utah is 10-1 when he scores at least 18 points. The Jazz have held Indiana to 90.3 points per game in winning the last four in the series at EnergySolutions Arena, but they didn't play much defense during a visit to Conseco Fieldhouse on March 26. Danny Granger scored a career-high 44 points on 14-of-23 shooting in the Pacers' 122-106 win. A healthy Mike Dunleavy, the addition of Darren Collison and the emergence of Roy Hibbert have given Indiana (9-7) more options to team with Granger this season, but he didn't need many Tuesday in Sacramento. Granger had a season-high 37 points - 22 after halftime - to lift the Pacers to a 107-98 win. Indiana is 2-0 on its four-game Western trip after finishing 1-14 on the road against the West last season. A win Wednesday would give the Pacers their first five-game road winning streak within one season since March 2-12, 2004. "This has been three years of hard work," coach Jim O'Brien said. "This (turnaround) didn't just all of a sudden happen." Not having to deal with Mehmet Okur inside should help the Pacers' cause. Utah's sharp-shooting big man has averaged 26.8 points and 8.8 rebounds in his last four meetings with Indiana, but he's still recovering from a ruptured Achilles' tendon suffered in last season's playoffs. Okur's return date is unclear, but he participated in a full practice last week. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   