Nets-Knicks Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Nov 29 2010 4:40PM While the New York Knicks have climbed back to .500 thanks to their recent success on the road, that hasn't translated at home despite a favorable schedule. The Knicks will try for their third home win when they face the New Jersey Nets on Tuesday night. New York (9-9) has won six of seven, including a 125-116 double-overtime victory at Detroit on Sunday. All six of those wins have come against teams with losing records and five have come on the road. "We are just showing the sort of composure that we have and that we are growing since day one," said Raymond Felton, who overcame a stomach illness to finish with 23 points and 11 assists. "If we continue to play that way and get better at home, I think that we will be okay this season." It was another big game for Amare Stoudemire, who scored 37 points to go along with 15 rebounds and seven assists. Stoudemire is averaging 27.1 points and 9.7 boards in the last seven games. "He's great," coach Mike D'Antoni said. "Just his persona and his aura is really good. ... It's not about making mistakes or missing last shots, you're always going to do that, but just being there with the guys every second is huge." Stoudemire and the Knicks will try to carry over that success to Madison Square Garden, where they are 2-5 this season, including a 99-90 loss to Atlanta on Saturday that snapped a five-game winning streak. The Hawks are the only team which New York has hosted that currently has a winning record, but the Knicks are averaging more than seven points per game more on the road than at home. Felton is averaging a career-high 18.1 points but only 15.0 at home. Danilo Gallinari is averaging 11.9 points at MSG while making 23.3 percent from 3-point range, compared to 18.1 points and 43.1 percent on the road. The Knicks will have a good chance to better their home record against the Nets (6-11), who have lost five straight on the road. New Jersey is looking to win back-to-back games for the first time since opening the season 2-0. The Nets are coming off a 98-96 win over Portland on Sunday after losing their previous two games. After being held below 90 points in those two defeats, the Nets overcome a slow first half and finished the game shooting 52.5 percent. Devin Harris scored 25 points, including a late 3-pointer to give New Jersey a 92-89 lead. "Devin was the one who really had the chance to spark us," said forward Kris Humphries, who had 10 points, eight rebounds and four blocks. "I think the way we came back shows some growth. We've had some tough losses this year and we didn't want another one." Harris is averaging 22.8 points in his last four games after a four-game stretch in which he averaged 12.3. He shot 7 of 12 on Sunday and had eight assists. Harris scored 31 points the last time New Jersey faced the Knicks - a 113-93 win at MSG on March 6. The victory earned the Nets a split of the season series. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited