Spurs-Cavaliers Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Mar 02 2011 12:46AM The San Antonio Spurs' defense suffered in their first game without Tony Parker, but plenty of those struggles could be attributed to their carelessness with the basketball. San Antonio might be able to get away with a few mistakes against the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Spurs look to avoid consecutive losses for just the second time this season in Wednesday night's visit with the Cavaliers, who begin life without Antawn Jamison in a matchup of the league's best and worst teams. Parker strained his left calf in Sunday's 95-88 win over Memphis, and is expected to miss two to four weeks. It's the first significant injury for San Antonio (49-11), and the absence of the three-time All-Star was felt immediately in the back end of a home-and-home with the Grizzlies. The Spurs' 21 turnovers Tuesday at FedEx Forum led to 30 Memphis points, and the Grizzlies shot 52.8 percent in dealing San Antonio a 109-93 loss. "It wasn't just the turnovers, it was the offensive boards along with the lack of focus," coach Gregg Popovich said. "It was a disappointing night, and that's not something to be proud of." The loss to Memphis marked just the second time all season the Spurs didn't have their regular starting five of Parker, Manu Ginobili, Richard Jefferson, Tim Duncan and DeJuan Blair. "He is our leader on the court," Ginobili said of Parker. "He's the one that makes the decisions and calls the plays. He handles the pressure and creates for us, so he's a pretty big part of who we are." George Hill, who averaged 15.5 points while Parker was out with a broken finger from March 8-April 4, had six points and six turnovers Tuesday. Cleveland (11-48) has played with plenty of different lineups during its forgettable season, and it's about to try another one. Jamison - who leads the Cavaliers with 18.0 points per game - broke his left pinky finger in Sunday's 95-91 loss to Philadelphia and likely won't play again in 2010-11. "That's a tough one on us," coach Byron Scott said. "He's one of our leaders, one of our better communicators out there on the floor. It hurts us big time." Undrafted rookie Samardo Samuels will start in Jamison's place alongside forward J.J. Hickson. Cleveland will unveil another new lineup when Baron Davis is ready to go, but it doesn't look like that'll happen Wednesday. Davis, who came over from the Los Angeles Clippers last week, has been bothered by a sore knee and isn't expected to make his Cavaliers debut until Friday at the earliest. Forward Luke Harangody, another trade deadline pickup, will play Wednesday. Parker had a team-high 19 points when the Spurs beat the Cavaliers 116-92 on Nov. 20 in San Antonio, but Tiago Splitter also came up big with a season-high 18 points off the bench. Splitter scored seven points Tuesday after missing seven games with a strained left hamstring. Hill struggled in Parker's place against the Grizzlies, but shined March 8 at Cleveland in the first game Parker missed with his broken finger. Hill had 23 points and Ginobili scored 38, but the Cavaliers won 97-95 despite playing without LeBron James. Ginobili had 46 points in a 112-105 win at Cleveland on Feb. 13, 2008 - the Spurs' only victory there in their last five visits. San Antonio's lone back-to-back losses came Jan. 4-5 at Boston and New York, respectively. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited