Bobcats-Trail Blazers Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Mar 05 2011 2:42AM Portland regained its scoring touch in its most recent victory. The Charlotte Bobcats haven't been able to do the same - especially in recent matchups against the Trail Blazers. Portland looks to keep pace in the tight Western Conference playoff race Saturday night when it hosts struggling Charlotte, which is trying avoid a winless four-game West Coast trip. The Trail Blazers (34-27) busted out of their scoring slump Wednesday with a 107-102 victory against Sacramento after failing to reach 90 points in losing their previous two games. Coach Nate McMillan forced the Blazers to watch film of Tuesday's 103-87 home loss to the Rockets, and the motivation seemed to work. Portland scored its most points since a 109-103 victory Feb. 7 against Chicago. Wesley Matthews scored 21 points against the Kings, and LaMarcus Aldridge added 20 and 10 rebounds. Gerald Wallace scored 12 points and will face his former team for the first time since being acquired from Charlotte on Feb. 23. Nicolas Batum scored 17 points for the Blazers, who are seventh in the West and one-half game behind sixth-place New Orleans. "It's March and every game counts," Batum said. "We have 21 games remaining, so every game is a big one because the Western Conference is a tough place to play." Brandon Roy sat out since McMillian has opted not to play his star guard on back-to-back nights as he recovers from arthroscopic surgery on both knees. Roy is expected back in the lineup Saturday to provide the Blazers with another offensive weapon. However, they may not need much offense against Charlotte. The Bobcats (26-35) have lost three straight to the Blazers, scoring less than 80 points in each matchup. It's been nearly the same against recent opponents, as Charlotte dropped its third straight in a 92-84 loss Friday to the Los Angeles Lakers. The Bobcats have been held under 90 points in each game during their skid and were coming off their worst loss in franchise history - a 120-80 loss Tuesday in Denver. Making matters worse, leading scorer Stephen Jackson left Friday's game in the third quarter with a strained left hamstring. Coach Paul Silas said Jackson could be out for at least a few games. Losing its leading scorer could be a major blow to Charlotte's playoff hopes, as the ninth-place Bobcats are only one game behind eighth-place Indiana for the Eastern Conference's final postseason spot. "I hurt (the hamstring) in Charlotte before, but it's never gotten this serious to where I couldn't get through it in the game," Jackson said. "It's been two games in a row, so I've got to take a serious look at it. It's frustrating, because we're right there." Silas went as far as to say Wallace would have been helped with Jackson going down. "Well, a big difference was we didn't have Gerald Wallace," Silas said. "If we would have had him, we would have been better, but they were good." D.J. Augustin scored 22 points for Charlotte, which ranks 28th in the NBA offensively at 93.9 points per game. The Bobcats have lost four straight overall and seven of nine on the road, but the Blazers have dropped two straight at home. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited