Bucks-Trail Blazers Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Dec 20 2010 3:57PM The Portland Trail Blazers and Milwaukee Bucks will each be missing a key player when they meet Monday night at the Rose Garden. However, Portland's injury list doesn't stop with Brandon Roy. Roy (left knee) and Milwaukee's Brandon Jennings (left foot) will both miss Monday's game, the second meeting between the teams this season. Roy has sat out Portland's last two games and five total this season, while Jennings - the team's leading scorer - will miss four to six weeks as he recovers from surgery to repair a fracture in his left foot. Roy isn't the only injury issue for Portland (14-14), which is trying to win its third straight. Nicolas Batum and Marcus Camby, who each sat out a 96-95 win over Golden State on Saturday night with a right shoulder injury, and Joel Przybilla (left ankle) are all questionable. Przybilla has played in only eight games all season. The Blazers overcame their absences Saturday. Six of the nine players available scored in double figures, led by LaMarcus Aldridge and Andre Miller, who each finished with 17 points. "Being short-handed, it was tough," said second-year forward Dante Cunningham, who had 13 points in his first start this season and third of his career. "We definitely needed everybody." Portland extended its home winning streak to five games, during which it's held opponents to 94.0 points per game. It has a good chance to increase the run to six, as Milwaukee has lost its last four visits to the Rose Garden since a 100-93 victory in 2006. The Blazers already defeated the Bucks 90-76 in Milwaukee on Nov. 2, although Portland had Roy, Camby and Batum in the starting lineup. Aldridge had 14 points and eight rebounds in that win, while Wesley Matthews had 18 points off the bench. Milwaukee (10-15) shot 37.5 percent in that loss and will come into Monday struggling offensively again. After a 92-90 loss at San Antonio on Wednesday, the Bucks fell 95-86 to Utah on Saturday. Milwaukee is last in the NBA in scoring (91.6 points per game) and field goal percentage (41.3). Against teams from the Western Conference, the Bucks' scoring average is 89.1. Their last four opponents have all been from the West, and including Monday's game, its next three are as well. They are 3-10 against West foes. Milwaukee blew a 12-point lead against the Jazz. Jennings finished with six points on 3-of-7 shooting in 30 minutes, playing after he was injured while landing awkwardly on a layup in Wednesday's game. Losing Jennings is a big blow to the Bucks. The second-year point guard leads the team in scoring (17.9), assists (5.5) and 3-pointers made (47). He had started every game since being picked 10th overall in 2009, a string of 107 regular-season games and seven in the postseason. "We know we can trust him and we know he's going to be a guy who's going to come back as soon as he's capable and ready," general manager John Hammond said. "We know he's tough enough to handle the assignment." Keyon Dooling will take Jennings' spot in the lineup against Portland. Andrew Bogut also appeared to suffer an injury against Utah when he seemed to jam his right arm trying to dunk. He was gripping his elbow and shaking the hand he injured last April, but he stayed in the game and finished with 19 points on 8-of-13 shooting and had nine rebounds. "It's OK, a dead arm," Bogut said. "Just felt funny, went numb. I came back. It just felt weird shooting without feeling." Bogut has been key to Milwaukee's offense, averaging 19.7 points in seven games since returning from a back injury. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited