
 Wizards-Raptors Preview By JUSTIN EINHORN Posted Dec 01 2010 12:40PM The Washington Wizards have not had much success with or without John Wall on the court. They haven't had any on the road. The No. 1 overall pick's potential absence would likely make it tougher for the Wizards to finally post their first road victory Wednesday night in a matchup with the Toronto Raptors. While Wall may miss a third consecutive game with a bruised knee, the Wizards (5-11) also could be without starter Al Thornton (ankle) for the fourth game in a row and reserve Yi Jianlian (knee) for a ninth straight. Those absences forced coach Flip Saunders into a mostly seven-man rotation Monday in a 104-95 loss at Miami. "It got to the point late where we didn't have any enough runs left in us," Saunders said. Wall also missed four games earlier this season with a sprained foot. Washington is 2-4 when he plays and 3-7 when he doesn't. When Wall scores at least 19 points, however, the Wizards have won three of four. Alonzo Gee has started the last two games in Wall's place but has totaled just 15 points and two assists. Wall is among the league leaders with 9.1 assists per game while averaging 18.0 points. Since Wall scored 25 in an overtime victory over Philadelphia last Tuesday, the Wizards have lost three in a row - all by double digits - despite Gilbert Arenas stepping up to average 25.0 points. Five of their eight road losses have been by double figures. The only other team without a road win is the Los Angeles Clippers, also 0-8. The Wizards, who also dropped 10 consecutive road games in March, have lost 20 of 22 away from home. Defense has been their big problem outside of Washington, ranking last in the Eastern Conference in points allowed (109.5 ppg) and opponents' field-goal percentage (50.1) in road games. Washington will be without center Hilton Armstrong after he was suspended one game by the NBA for shoving Joel Anthony while the Miami player tried to make a layup. Andray Blatche scored a season-high 26 points Monday, and his game-high 22 helped the Wall-less Wizards beat Toronto 109-94 on Nov. 16 in the only meeting this season. The Raptors (6-11) followed that loss with a four-game winning streak, but they've since dropped two straight as Andrea Bargnani has gone cold. After averaging 27.3 points during the win streak, Bargnani has totaled 25 over the last two games while going 10 of 30 from the field - 0 for 5 from 3-point range. Toronto also is dealing with some key injuries. Reggie Evans has been lost indefinitely to a broken bone in his right foot, and Peja Stojakovic could miss a second straight game with a sore knee. The absence of Evans, among the league leaders with 12.1 rebounds per game, began Sunday in a 96-78 home loss to Atlanta as the Raptors were outrebounded for only the fifth time this season. "He is a big part of our team and it's really too bad," Bargnani said. "He was playing great but that kind of stuff can happen. Everyone is really upset about that." The Raptors left their home floor to boos Sunday after being held to their lowest point total of the season. They're 1-6 when failing to score at least 100. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   