Bucks-Thunder Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Apr 13 2011 1:29AM The Oklahoma City Thunder are ready for the playoffs to begin. Where they're seeded and who they'll play, however, is still very much uncertain. The Northwest Division-winning Thunder look to make one final push in the standings in Wednesday night's season finale against the Milwaukee Bucks. Oklahoma City (55-26) heads into the final day of the season in fourth place in the Western Conference, one game back of both the Los Angeles Lakers and Dallas. The Thunder can claim the No. 3 seed if they beat the Bucks (34-47), and the Mavericks lose at home to New Orleans because they hold the tiebreaker with Dallas by being a division winner. The Lakers' season finale in Sacramento has no bearing because they own the tiebreaker over the Thunder by winning the season series. Finishing fourth would mean the Thunder would open the playoffs against division rival Denver, whom they defeated twice in the last week. Before worrying too much about playoff scenarios, Oklahoma City first needs to get past the Bucks. The Thunder won 82-81 in Milwaukee on Nov. 20 without Kevin Durant (sprained left ankle). James Harden had a team-high 23 points and Russell Westbrook scored 18, but the team struggled to find its rhythm in Durant's absence, finishing with its second-fewest points of the season. There have been no problems with Oklahoma City's offense lately. The Thunder are averaging 111.4 points during their five-game winning streak, led by Durant's 30.4 per game. "We're ready to go once the playoffs start," Westbrook said after Monday's 120-112 win in Sacramento. "We're older and know what to expect this year." A year ago, the Thunder entered the playoffs as the eighth seed and were eliminated by the Lakers in the first round. They believe they are legitimate championship contenders this season. "We hold ourselves to a higher standard now," said Durant, who has won his second consecutive scoring title. Oklahoma City is certainly playing at a championship level, having won 16 of 19. The Thunder are 10-1 at home since the start of March, and are playing with a newfound toughness on defense with Kendrick Perkins manning the middle. "It's very important (how we finish), but we also know that what we did in March and April is all out the door once the playoffs start," Durant said. Milwaukee has won three of four since having its playoff hopes dashed, highlighted by a 90-85 victory in Miami last Wednesday. The Bucks concluded the home portion of the schedule Monday with a 93-86 win over Toronto. John Salmons had 24 points, while Brandon Jennings scored 21. Jennings, who is averaging 22.0 points in his last three games - 5.8 better than his season average -  led the Bucks with 25 points against the Thunder in November. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited