
 Bobcats-Raptors Preview By MIKE LIPKA Posted Nov 09 2010 1:26PM The Toronto Raptors' slow start is hardly a surprise after the departure of Chris Bosh, but the Charlotte Bobcats certainly weren't expecting one following their first playoff appearance. Charlotte hopes to deal the Raptors a sixth straight defeat while snapping its own three-game skid as the last-place teams meet Wednesday night in Toronto. The Raptors (1-6) figured to have trouble replacing their all-time leading scorer and rebounder after Bosh left as a free agent to join Dwyane Wade and LeBron James in Miami. Their biggest problem lately has been defense. During a five-game losing streak, opponents are averaging 110.0 points while shooting 50.1 percent. "We just make the game hard for ourselves," forward Linas Kleiza said after Monday's 109-102 home loss to Golden State. "But you know I think it's going to get better. We couldn't stop the pick-and-roll - that was kind of the thing they picked us apart on." The Bobcats (1-6) may be the perfect matchup for Toronto considering their offense ranks among the NBA's worst with 89.9 points per game. Just a few months after their postseason debut, they're in danger of their first 1-7 start since their expansion season in 2004-05. Charlotte shot 39.8 percent during a 95-91 home loss to San Antonio on Monday night, including a combined 23.1 percent by leading scorers Gerald Wallace, Stephen Jackson and D.J. Augustin. "D.J., Jack and Gerald going 9 of 39, I don't care who you're playing and you're going to have a tough time," coach Larry Brown said. "To be in the game with us shooting it that way and turning it over again, like we do, it's a miracle we had a chance." Jackson had a team-high six turnovers, giving him 16 during Charlotte's three-game losing streak. "Some nights I may have six turnovers, some nights I may have none," Jackson said. "(Monday) was one of those nights where we weren't getting it done. ... Hopefully there won't be too many like that." The biggest offseason change to Charlotte's lineup was the departure of point guard Raymond Felton, who left via free agency. Augustin got off to a fast start as his replacement, but he's averaging 8.3 points on 33.3 percent shooting in his last four games. The Raptors have attempted to fill Bosh's offensive void with six players averaging at least 10.0 points, but they're struggling to find solutions at the defensive end. Warriors guards Stephen Curry and Monta Ellis combined for 62 points Monday while shooting 22 of 38 from the field. "By the time we got aggressive with our defense it was too late," Raptors coach Jay Triano said. They also had problems on the glass against Golden State. While Reggie Evans averaged 13.0 rebounds in the first six games, he had six Monday as Toronto was outrebounded 42-32. Evans has been an offensive liability with 2.4 points per game on 23.8 percent shooting. The Raptors have won their last two meetings with Charlotte, but Bosh powered both victories, averaging 27.5 points and 12.0 rebounds. Toronto lost five straight three times last season, but the club hasn't dropped six in a row since a seven-game skid Feb. 27-March 13, 2009. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   