Bobcats-Kings Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 25 2011 2:18AM The Charlotte Bobcats weren't happy with the result of their final home game before a six-game road trip. Their mood could change after the first stop. The Bobcats look to bounce back from an ugly loss Tuesday night when they visit the hapless Sacramento Kings. Charlotte (17-25), which has moved into the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference thanks to a 6-5 record since the new year, faces a test with a six-game road trip beginning Tuesday. The Bobcats are 5-14 away from home. While Charlotte has played better since interim coach Paul Silas replaced Larry Brown, that improved play became tougher to sustain last week with the news that Tyrus Thomas' knee injury will keep him sidelined up to two months. The 6-foot-10 Thomas is averaging 11.1 points and 5.8 rebounds in 34 games off the bench. The Bobcats' starters struggled Saturday in a 103-87 home loss to Atlanta. D.J. Augustin scored a team-high 20 points but Steven Jackson was held to 10 - almost eight below his season average. Gerald Wallace scored seven, less than half his average of 15.6. "I think that our first unit really has to play well in order for us to win from here on out," Silas told the Bobcats' official website. "We need some production from our second unit, naturally, but those guys really have to take it upon themselves to play well. Tyrus was an important part of our club and to replace him is hard. Somebody's going to have to step up." Charlotte will face only one team with a winning record during its longest road trip of the season - Utah next Monday. "We are trying to win every game," Augustin said. "That is our mindset going into this road trip and hopefully we can do it." Winning appears quite possible against the Kings (10-32), who snapped a four-game losing streak with a 96-81 win at Portland on Monday. Now, Sacramento must try to end its four-game losing streak in this series. Tyreke Evans, who scored a career-high 35 points in his previous game, had 26 on Monday to lead five Kings in double figures. At the other end of the floor, the 81 points allowed were the fewest for Sacramento since November. "This is huge, especially for us," said point guard Beno Udrih, who had 14 points. "To see what we did (Monday) against a playoff contending team feels great." Owners of the NBA's third-worst record, the Kings are looking to win back-to-back games for the second time this season and first time since Oct. 30 and Nov. 1. Wallace has averaged 29.5 points during the Bobcats' four-game winning streak over the Kings. He scored 38 in the last meeting, a 103-96 Charlotte victory at Sacramento on Jan. 30, 2010. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited