Celtics-Trail Blazers Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Jan 26 2011 1:33PM The Boston Celtics received a nice boost off the bench as center Kendrick Perkins returned from injury. The Portland Trail Blazers can't afford to be without the lift LaMarcus Aldridge provides. The Eastern Conference-leading Celtics open a four-game western swing when they go for their fourth consecutive win over the Blazers on Thursday night. Playing for the first time since tearing his right anterior cruciate ligament in the NBA finals last season, Perkins had seven points, six rebounds and three assists in a 112-95 victory over Cleveland on Tuesday. He played 18 minutes to help Boston (34-10) rebound from an 85-83 loss at Washington on Saturday. "It felt good to be on the floor," Perkins said. "I know I can do better. I can do more. ... I was a little winded and a little off-key. I can get better." While Perkins will need time to get back into game shape, Boston is happy to have him available with Jermaine O'Neal and Shaquille O'Neal sidelined. "(Perkins) coming back has a great symbolism to it," guard Ray Allen told the Celtics' official website. "We know what we are trying to get back to." The Blazers' hopes of a third straight postseason appearance may hinge largely on Aldridge, as star guard Brandon Roy and center Marcus Camby are out with knee injuries. Aldridge, the reigning Western Conference player of the week, underwent an MRI on his right hip Tuesday after managing nine points in a 96-81 home loss to Sacramento on Monday. The defeat ended Portland's season-high five-game winning streak. The exam did not show any tear or cartilage damage and Aldridge should be available Thursday. With Aldridge at less than full strength, center Chris Johnson, who signed a 10-day contract earlier this week, could see extended minutes off the bench. Aldridge and Joel Przybilla will likely need help in the frontcourt against Kevin Garnett, Glen Davis and Perkins along with rookie big men Luke Harangody and Semih Erden. In the backcourt, Rajon Rondo and Andre Miller will square off for the second time this season. Rondo, the league leader with 12.9 assists per game, had 10 points and 10 assists as the host Celtics defeated the Blazers 99-95 on Dec. 1. Miller had 20 points and six assists as Portland's 15-0 fourth-quarter rally came up just short in its seventh consecutive loss in Boston. The Celtics, losers of four of six away from home, have won seven of 10 at the Rose Garden. In the teams' last meeting in Portland, Allen had 21 points and Garnett added 16 in a 96-76 victory Feb. 19. The Blazers (25-21) posted a season-low point total in that defeat while matching a franchise low with seven assists. Paul Pierce scored a team-high 28 points against Portland last month as Boston moved to 10-1 in the last 11 matchups. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited