Pistons-Magic Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Nov 29 2010 4:44PM A clutch rebound and putback from Dwight Howard helped the Orlando Magic pull off a dramatic victory last time out. Good things tend to happen for the Magic when Howard controls the glass. Howard, who could be poised for another big rebounding performance against a struggling Detroit Pistons team, looks to lead Orlando to its eighth victory in nine games Tuesday night at the Amway Center. With the Magic (12-4) trailing Washington by one in the final seconds Saturday, Howard told Jameer Nelson to simply put up a shot and he would get the rebound. Nelson put up an airball and Howard made good on his promise, grabbing the ball and banking it in with 4.3 seconds left, the final basket in Orlando's 100-99 victory. "I don't think you can steal wins," Howard said. "I think you can just play hard until the end and that is what we did." The four-time All-Star center had a season-high 32 points and 11 rebounds for his eighth straight double-double. "I don't think there's anybody in the NBA playing better basketball than he is," Magic coach Stan Van Gundy said. "We are only 16 games into the year now, but if you stopped it right now and he isn't the MVP right now, something is seriously wrong." Howard is an MVP candidate because of how critical his success is to that of his team. The Magic are 11-1 when Howard grabs at least 10 rebounds and 1-3 when he doesn't. Howard could be in line for another double-digit rebounding effort. Detroit is one of the worst teams at keeping opponents off the glass, allowing 44.2 boards per game. The Magic beat the Pistons in their final three meetings of 2009-10 with Howard averaging 23.7 points and 14.7 boards. Orlando had dropped 20 of the previous 25 in the series. Detroit (6-11) is coming off a 125-116 double-overtime loss to New York on Sunday, its fifth defeat in seven games. Tayshaun Prince tied it at 99 at the end of regulation and made a three-point play to knot the score at 109 in the first extra period. He had a season-best 31 points, 21 coming in the fourth quarter and the overtimes. Tracy McGrady also played well, finishing with season highs of 13 points and 29 minutes. The former Orlando star saw extended playing time because Detroit coach John Kuester felt McGrady could do a better job of keeping up with the Knicks' up-tempo style. "I'm just gradually getting better game-by-game confidence-wise," said McGrady, who also had six rebounds and three assists. "Just feeling more comfortable on the basketball court." The Pistons, 0-6 against opponents with winning records, might not feel comfortable offensively against an Orlando team allowing an average of 91.8 points in going 8-2 at home. Detroit, 2-7 away from The Palace of Auburn Hills, has averaged 88.1 points in its seven road losses. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited