Knicks-Pistons Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Nov 27 2010 9:02PM The New York Knicks felt like they came out flat in their last game due to the early start time. They get a second chance this weekend to play under those same circumstances. The Knicks look to bounce back from a loss and try for their first five-game road winning streak in 10 seasons Sunday when they take on the Detroit Pistons. New York (8-9) had its five-game overall win streak end with a 99-90 loss to Atlanta in a Saturday matinée at Madison Square Garden. The one o'clock start didn't agree with the Knicks, who fell behind by 10 after one quarter and 18 at the half. "When we came out, we had no pop," coach Mike D'Antoni said. "We didn't push the tempo, we got way behind and we paid for it." The Knicks turned in their lowest point total in 10 games. They'll have a quick turnaround for the 1:30 start on the road Sunday. "We had no energy from the start. With these early games, sometimes it happens that way," forward Amare Stoudemire said. "We can't make excuses. We have to be mentally ready for these early games and we were not." Stoudemire had 24 points and 10 rebounds for his sixth 20-10 effort of the season. Raymond Felton added 18 points, but Danilo Gallinari was held to four after averaging 21.0 during the Knicks' win streak. "Everybody has slip ups and we had a slip up. We are not satisfied with it but it happens," Felton said. The Knicks' last five-game road win streak was Dec. 22, 2000-Jan. 19, 2001. New York took three of four last season from Detroit (6-10), and did an excellent job against Richard Hamilton. The Pistons shooting guard played in three of those games, shooting 27.1 percent and averaging 13.3 points. Hamilton is less of a scorer this season than in years past, averaging 12.9 points for his lowest mark since his 1999-00 rookie season with Washington. The Pistons used him as more of a playmaker Friday, and it paid off in a 103-89 win over Milwaukee, as he had nine of Detroit's season-high 28 assists. The passing helped the Pistons place seven players in double figures, led by Rodney Stuckey's 18 points. Without a go-to superstar, Detroit is learning that unselfish play is the best strategy to employ going forward. "We have a lot of talent on the team and when were sharing the ball and trying to make plays for each other, good things will happen and it showed tonight," Hamilton said. The Pistons have been inconsistent on defense in splitting their last four games, allowing teams to shoot 53.9 percent, 38.5, 52.3 and 38.6 in succession. Coach John Kuester used a heavy dose of zone defense to limit the Bucks on Friday. "We had three smalls in at that time," Kuester said. "We said hey listen let's see what happens with the zone and the players really enjoyed and did a great job today." Using a smaller lineup may not be a good idea against a Knicks team that leads the league with 130 blocks. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited