Hornets-76ers Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Dec 11 2010 4:24PM The Philadelphia 76ers are very aware that Chris Paul has excelled with his passing against Eastern Conference opponents. Paul and the New Orleans Hornets try to continue their success against Eastern foes Sunday when they visit the 76ers. New Orleans (14-8) will begin a two-game trip that includes Monday's game against Miami with a 6-1 mark against teams from the East. Of Paul's 11 games this season with at least 10 assists, six have come in those games. "I do know it's Chris Paul, pick-and-roll, pick-and-roll, pick-and-roll and then pick-and-roll," Philadelphia coach Doug Collins said. "That's going to be a focus." Paul is second in the league with 10.4 assists per game, although his 15.8 scoring average is the worst of his six-year career. The three-time All-Star will be looking to make amends after feeling he was outplayed Friday in a 97-92 home loss to Oklahoma City. Paul had 18 points, seven assists and five steals, but his counterpart at point guard - Russell Westbrook - had 29 points and 10 assists. "I obviously lost my matchup tonight and that probably had something to do with why we lost," Paul said. The Hornets have lost seven of 10 since their 11-1 start. They are averaging 91.3 points in the last 10 games compared to 97.5 in the first 12. New Orleans managed 33 second-half points Friday. David West had 24 points and 13 rebounds. "We had our opportunities down the stretch," coach Monty Williams said. "Our defense was not bad, but when you give up 19 turnovers for 22 points, that doesn't help your offense or your defense." While Williams is enduring his first difficult stretch in his first season coaching the Hornets, Collins has tried to stress the positives in his first campaign with Philadelphia (7-15). The 76ers have won four of six. "I told our team that if you look at our stats, we have the stats of a team that should have 12 wins right now," Collins said. "We are outshooting our opponents, our opponents are in the top 10 in field-goal percentage, in 3-point percentage, we're outrebounding our opponents now. (Our) point-differential is minus-0.5, which is a .500 kind of team." Philadelphia's five-game home winning streak ended with Thursday's 102-101 loss to Boston on Kevin Garnett's basket with 1.4 seconds left. Seven Sixers scored in double figures, led by Jodie Meeks' 19 points. Absent among that group was No. 2 overall pick Evan Turner, who was scoreless in six minutes. Turner has seen his minutes diminish in four games off the bench since he averaged 7.3 points on 37.0 percent shooting in 12 straight starts. Former Sixers Willie Green and Jason Smith will return to Philadelphia for the first time since being traded to New Orleans in a four-team deal. Green spent his first seven seasons with the Sixers, and Smith his first two. Sixers forward Darius Songaila, acquired from the Hornets in the deal, has not played in the last 10 games although he appears to be healthy. Philadelphia swept both meetings last season against New Orleans after being swept the two previous campaigns. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited