Spurs-Kings Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Apr 18 2012 11:35AM A four-game winning streak has given the San Antonio Spurs sole possession of the Western Conference lead. A visit to Sacramento would appear to be a good way for them to maintain it. The Spurs aim for a sweep of their three-game, three-day trip through California on Wednesday night by going for their eighth straight road win over the Kings. San Antonio (44-16) holds a lead of one-half game over Oklahoma City atop the West. The Spurs have six games remaining - one more than the Thunder. The Spurs have gained the inside track to home-court advantage throughout the West playoffs by averaging 111.0 points during their winning streak. "We love our position (in the West), obviously," forward Tim Duncan said. "We hope to hold on to it. We're facing a tough schedule, but we're feeling good, and we're staying healthy." San Antonio certainly had to feel good about Tuesday's 112-91 win over the Los Angeles Lakers, handing the Pacific Division leaders their most lopsided defeat of the season. That came one night after a 120-99 victory at Golden State. The Spurs have won 22 of the last 25 overall regular-season meetings with the Kings (20-41), going 11-1 record in Sacramento during that stretch. They extended their road winning streak in the series to seven with a 117-112 victory March 28. Tony Parker finished with 10 points, 10 assists and seven rebounds in that meeting, but he's coming off a much more impressive performance. The All-Star point guard hit 14 of 20 field-goal attempts against the Lakers and had 29 points and 13 assists in Tuesday's win. Regardless of their ultimate seed, the Spurs will make a 14th consecutive trip to the playoffs, while the Kings are already assured of failing to qualify for a sixth straight year. Issues off the court are making it uncertain if the Kings will even remain in Sacramento after nearly relocating to Anaheim at the end of last season. The Maloof family announced at last week's NBA owners meetings that they were backing out of a proposed downtown arena plan in Sacramento, putting the club's future beyond next season in doubt. The outcome of Sunday's game was in doubt until the final buzzer, but Marcus Thornton's jumper with 3.4 seconds to play gave the Kings a 104-103 win over Portland. DeMarcus Cousins finished with 23 points while shooting 11 of 18 from the floor. "We had a few (fans) that may have voiced their opinion, but once the game started going and became an excitable game, I think they fell back to the side," coach Keith Smart said. "People get upset, but they are die-hard Kings fans. They like Kings basketball, it's just that they are a little heart-broken, like everyone is right now." Cousins had 25 points and 11 rebounds in last month's loss to the Spurs. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited