Bobcats-Pacers Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 07 2012 1:04AM Danny Granger is off to a brutal shooting start for the Indiana Pacers. A game against the Charlotte Bobcats might be just what he needs to find his stroke. Granger and the Pacers look to win their seventh in a row over the struggling Bobcats on Saturday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Granger has led Indiana (5-2) in scoring each of the past four seasons, and although he is averaging a team-best 15.1 points this year, that number would be much higher if he could get more of his shots to go down. The former All-Star, who averaged 23.3 points over the previous three seasons, is shooting 30.4 percent from the floor, the worst field-goal percentage of any player to have attempted at least 75 shots. He led the Pacers with 15 points in Friday's 87-74 victory over Boston, but missed 11 of his 14 shots. This came after he finished with four points on 2 of 13 shooting in Wednesday's 118-83 loss to Miami. "I feel like things are going great. I'm not worried about my shot," Granger said. "We are already playing well. We're only going to be better. ... We're so talented across the board - I'm talking 1 through 8 - we have guys that could start on other teams. I'm excited." Granger had plenty of help against the Celtics, as five other Pacers reached double figures with Darren Collison adding 14 and George Hill chipping in 13. Indiana also had another solid defensive effort, limiting the Celtics to 39.4 percent shooting - and just 25 first-half points - to snap a seven-game skid in Boston. "We have confidence that we can beat any team in any building," coach Frank Vogel said. The Pacers should certainly feel that way about facing Charlotte at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. They've won five straight at home against the Bobcats and six in a row overall. Granger has played in the last five meetings with Charlotte and has been instrumental to Indiana's success, averaging 27.0 points and shooting 46.9 percent from 3-point range (15 of 32). The Bobcats (2-5) arrive in Indianapolis after losing 102-96 in overtime to visiting Atlanta on Friday. Charlotte, playing its first game without Corey Maggette - out two to four weeks with a strained left hamstring - outscored the Hawks 30-21 in the fourth quarter, but made just two field goals in the extra session. The Bobcats felt they squandered a great opportunity considering Atlanta was coming off a triple-overtime loss to Miami the night before. "You have to get games like that," D.J. Augustin said. "We had the advantage because they had a triple-overtime game last night and then had to travel up here. But we have to put this one behind us and keep playing hard." Augustin led the Bobcats with 21 points and 12 assists, while rookie Kemba Walker scored a season-best 19. Coach Paul Silas said the two point guards could eventually both start in an effort to get the most out of the offense. "I think we're going to have to (play them more together) because they really do well offensively and that's what we need," Silas said. "We need guys that can push it that can score." The Bobcats can sometimes get similar production from Gerald Henderson, but not consistently. Henderson has scored at least 16 points in four games but has been held to eight or fewer in the other three. He finished with four points on 2 of 9 shooting Friday after scoring 24 in Wednesday's 118-110 win over New York. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited