Warriors-Rockets Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Apr 21 2012 12:54AM With their postseason hopes quickly continuing to fade, the slumping Houston Rockets know they're running out of time to get back on track. A visit from the woeful Golden State Warriors could be coming at just the right time. Looking to climb back into the Western Conference playoff picture, the Rockets try to avoid a seventh consecutive defeat for the first time in six seasons Saturday night against the Warriors, losers of seven straight overall and seven in a row at the Toyota Center. Houston (32-31), which sat in sixth place in the West following a 94-89 win at Portland on April 9, has since allowed 107.2 points per contest in dropping six in a row to fall into 10th place in the conference. The Rockets haven't lost seven straight since Jan. 6-18, 2006. "I mean, it's sad because on the 9th when we beat Portland, we were in a great position to lock this thing in to the playoffs," said coach Kevin McHale, whose team sits one game behind Phoenix and Utah for the eighth and final berth. "Now, we're on the outside looking in, but it doesn't change the fact that we gotta go play (Saturday) night." The Suns, Jazz and Rockets all have three games remaining. Phoenix hosts Denver on Saturday and Utah is home to Orlando. Houston saw its struggles continue during Thursday's 105-99 overtime loss at lowly New Orleans. The Rockets, who blew a 13-point, second-quarter lead, were outrebounded 57-40 and shot 41.6 percent from the field. "A very tough one for us. We needed this one (Thursday) to hopefully try to get back in the playoffs," said Chase Budinger, who matched a season best with 22 points. "This one definitely hurts everybody, hurts our team and hurts our chances. ... You can never give up. There's definitely still hope for us. You've just got to win out and hope that other teams lose." Despite its skid, Houston has to like its chances of regrouping against Golden State (22-40). The Rockets have dominated the Warriors over their seven-game home winning streak, during which they've posted a whopping 117.4 points per contest. After falling 106-97 at Golden State on Feb. 12, Houston prevailed 109-83 at home March 22 for its 13th win in 15 overall meetings in the series. The Warriors are coming off their 14th loss in 16 games, falling 104-94 at Dallas on Friday in the first leg of a back-to-back-to-back stretch. While Golden State was outrebounded 52-35, coach Mark Jackson was pleased with his team's performance against the defending champs. "I thought it was an outstanding effort when you look at the team we put on the floor," Jackson said. "We found a way to hang in until the fourth quarter when they got some separation." Starting alongside fellow rookies Jeremy Tyler, Mickell Gladness and Charles Jenkins, Klay Thompson continued his impressive play with 26 points on 11-of-22 shooting. The 11th overall pick in this season's draft is averaging 24.0 points over his last five games. "Our main goal is to finish strong and compete," said veteran swingman Dorrell Wright, who rounds out the starting five. "It's a learning process with four rookies starting." The Warriors, who have been outscored by an average of 15.3 points during their seven-game skid, were last handed eight straight losses during a nine-game slide Jan. 23-Feb. 8, 2010. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited