Thunder-Hornets Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 23 2011 9:30PM The New Orleans Hornets are playing such good defense right now, not even the league's elite seem to be able to beat them. The Hornets go for their second straight win over a division leader and ninth straight victory overall when they host Kevin Durant and the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday. New Orleans (29-16) matched its longest winning streak of the season with a 96-72 home victory over San Antonio on Saturday. Coming off a 100-59 victory at Atlanta the previous night, the Hornets held the league-leading Spurs to their fewest points of the season, including 12 in the opening quarter and 10 in the third. They led by as many as 31 points. "I don't think we expected the games to be like this," said David West, who had 18 points and 10 rebounds. "But we've been having some good film sessions, having really good dialogue and talking amongst ourselves about what we're going to do and how we're going to defend teams." The eight-game winning streak has pulled New Orleans within percentage points of Dallas for fourth place in the Western Conference and second in the Southwest Division. The Hornets haven't won nine straight since Jan. 11-28, 2008. "We can't be satisfied," coach Monty Williams said. "I know everybody is going to be talking about how the Hornets beat the best team in the league and making a lot out of that, but we haven't beaten Oklahoma City in the regular season or the preseason.We have to maintain our focus and our discipline." The Hornets have lost both games against the Thunder (28-15) this season and four meetings in a row overall. They could have their hands full defending Russell Westbrook, who is averaging 30 points in his last four games, and 27 in the two victories this season over New Orleans. After two straight losses, the Thunder escaped with a 101-98 home victory over New York on Saturday when Durant hit a 3-pointer as time expired. "Once I let it go, it felt like everybody went silent," Durant said. "And once it went in, I really couldn't hear too much. I was just looking towards the bench. Once I snapped back into it, I really heard the crowd. "That's one of the all-time best feelings that I've had so far in this league." Westbrook finished with 28 points, including a game-tying free throw with 29.1 seconds left. Oklahoma City held an opponent to fewer than 100 points for the first time in six games. "Like I told the guys, there's going to be nights where the offense is not flowing the way we'd like and that's just part of being a basketball player," coach Scott Brooks told the Thunder's official website. "But if you defend the way we defended in the second half, that's alright." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited