Clippers-Rockets Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 26 2011 2:04AM Blake Griffin and Eric Gordon were finally giving Los Angeles Clippers fans something to be excited about. However, each has taken a beating on the court recently. With Gordon out at least three weeks because of a wrist injury and Griffin feeling the effects of an elbow contusion after a scary fall, the Clippers will visit the Houston Rockets on Wednesday night. Los Angeles (17-27) learned before a 112-105 loss at Dallas on Tuesday that Gordon, whose 24.1 points per game rank eighth in the NBA, will be sidelined 3-4 weeks with a sprained right wrist and a small bone chip fracture. "We have to get more out of everybody," coach Vinny Del Negro said. "Other guys have to step up. Of course, we can't go to Blake more than we already do." Del Negro's team had won 12 of 17 before Tuesday's loss, in which the Clippers blew an early 15-point lead and were outscored 27-16 in the third quarter. Griffin finished with 22 points and 11 rebounds but had only 10 points after the first quarter and was 7 of 16 from the field. "Obviously I could have done better," Griffin said. "I'll watch the film and get better from it." Griffin played the fourth quarter with his left arm in a protective sleeve after being thrown down by Dallas' Brendan Haywood, earning Haywood a flagrant foul. X-rays were negative and the Clippers said it was an elbow contusion. Griffin, who has been on the receiving end of several hard fouls recently, hopes to avoid missing any time. "After that flagrant foul it started hurting," he said. "We'll see how it is (Wednesday)." Meanwhile, the Rockets (21-25) avoided a third straight loss with a 129-125 win at Minnesota on Monday. Kevin Martin scored 34 points and Shane Battier added a season-high 19 as Houston made 14 3-pointers in its highest-scoring game of the season. Houston led 93-74 late in the third quarter, but Minnesota pulled within three with 9.3 seconds left. Martin then hit two free throws to put the game out of reach. "We knew we were playing well offensively but we just weren't playing with much intensity on the defensive end," Battier said. "Story of our season - nothing's been easy. But there's no such thing as a bad win in the NBA so we'll take it." Coach Rick Adelman has been lamenting the lack of intensity on defense for a while. The Rockets gave up 118 points against Orlando on Saturday and 115 to Memphis on Friday. The Magic and Timberwolves have combined to shoot 23 of 52 from 3-point range the last two games. "We know we can score points and we're a very good offensive team, but like I've said all year long, the guys who are offensive players on this team have to do better defensively," Adelman said. "We need to be more consistent." The Rockets defeated the Clippers 97-92 on Dec. 22 for their 11th win in the last 13 meetings. Martin had 28 points in the last victory, helping Houston overcome 24 points and 18 boards from Griffin. "He's a very good player," Adelman said of Griffin. "He's explosive, he's strong. ... He's the real deal." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited