Heat-Nets Preview Posted Jan 29 2013 8:34PM EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) - P.J. Carlesimo is convinced after a month on the job: The Brooklyn Nets are a winning team. He still needs to see, even after one of the best months in franchise history, if they can consistently be one against the teams already at that level. Well, here comes their chance. The Nets begin a tough three-game stretch Wednesday night against LeBron James and the NBA champion Miami Heat, who have won the last 12 meetings and remain the league's standard in Carlesimo's eyes. "They're the best team in the league until somebody beats them," Carlesimo said Tuesday after practice. "Maybe when the year's out and we've played 82 games, somebody will have a better record than them. But they're still the champions and they're still going to the finals on a pretty regular basis, so until somebody knocks them off, this to me is the barometer you measure against and we haven't shown yet that we can beat these guys. So that's a huge challenge for us." So are the Chicago Bulls at home Friday, and the Los Angeles Lakers next Tuesday. Starting Wednesday on ESPN, it's the kind of high-profile stretch that can earn the Nets, who may be a little overlooked despite a 27-18 record, some added respect within the league. "It's a nice stretch for us," guard Joe Johnson said. "I wouldn't say a tough one, but it's a nice one and we should be ready and prepared for this challenge. But we're going to start first with Miami and try to get over that hump." The Heat (28-13) already beat the Nets twice this season - "smacked," says Carlesimo, who described another Nets defeat as "annihilated," apparently believing that when the Nets fall, "losing" isn't enough of a description. Fortunately for them, it hasn't happened often since Carlesimo was promoted to interim coach when Avery Johnson was fired Dec. 27. They have since gone 13-4, winning eight straight at home and pulling within 1 1/2 games of the neighboring Knicks for first place in the Atlantic Division. The Nets have tied a franchise record for the most wins in January (11) and can equal their best total in any month with a victory Wednesday. Along the way, they won at Oklahoma City and New York, the kind of performances that give the Nets reason for confidence going into this stretch. "When we play the way we're capable of playing ... we've beaten a couple of the better teams in the league, even on the road, so we just got to play," Carlesimo said. "We're playing in our place, which is a huge plus for us." The Nets rebounded from their first two-game losing streak under Carlesimo with a 97-77 victory over Orlando on Monday. Yet Carlesimo was still dwelling Tuesday on the losses last week at Memphis and Houston that saddled them with a 2-2 mark on a road trip which began with an impressive victory over the Knicks. "After the steps we took back last week, we have to show that we can be - not that we can be good, we've established that - but that we can be good consistently and that we can be good against the better teams," Carlesimo said. In case anyone needed a reminder of the Heat's status, they got it Monday when the team visited the White House to be honored by President Obama for their 2012 NBA title. James said the experience was like, "Mama, I made it." The reigning league MVP has been efficient against the Nets this season, averaging 20.5 points on 55.6 percent shooting along with 10.5 rebounds and 7.0 assists. Dwyane Wade, though, has been the offensive star in the season series, averaging 28.0 points and shooting 70.6 percent from the floor in the two victories, both in Miami. The Heat had their four-game winning streak snapped Sunday with a 100-98 double-overtime loss at Boston. James had 34 points, a season-high 16 rebounds, seven assists and three steals as Miami shot just 40.6 percent - its third-worst mark of the season. Brooklyn has held opponents to 42.4 percent shooting during its eight-game run at home. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited