
 Hawks-Grizzlies Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Oct 26 2010 11:22PM After re-signing four-time All Star Joe Johnson to a six-year, $123.7 million deal in the offseason, the Atlanta Hawks will field the same starting five for the fourth consecutive season. They're counting on a coaching change to get them past the second round of the playoffs this time around. The Hawks seek their fourth straight season-opening win as they visit the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday night. Atlanta finished with 53 wins in 2009-10 - their most in 13 years - but got swept out of the Eastern Conference semifinals for the second straight season. As a result, they let coach Mike Woodson go and replaced him with longtime assistant Larry Drew. Drew is pleased with the way his team has responded to the change. "I see a lot of positives coming out thus far of the work we've put in and I'm starting to see the guys catch on," he said. Drew has implemented a motion offense, which he feels will help players like Josh Smith perform at a new level. "The thing I'm really excited about, I think it will click with Josh in low-post situations," Drew said. "Josh is a very effective low-post player when he has the ball down there. I plan to utilize that and put him in that position a lot more than he has had in the past." Smith, Joe Johnson and Al Horford will serve as captains, while Marvin Williams and Mike Bibby once again complete the starting five. "I think we're set," Bibby said. "The last two years we've won 50 games. I think we're going to be OK. We've been playing together and I think we're close off the court as well as on, and I think that makes it better for everybody." Rookie Jordan Crawford has already begun to make a name for himself, finishing second on the team with 13.8 points per game in the preseason. The Hawks have taken seven of their last eight games against the Grizzlies, but know Wednesday night's matchup is far from a sure thing. "It'll be a big challenge for us (Wednesday) to really keep those guys off the glass," Williams said of Memphis, which ranked fourth in the NBA with 43.5 rebounds per game last season. "They have three, four, five guys that can really come in and rebound the basketball on both ends of the floor." The Grizzlies are coming off their fourth straight sub-.500 finish, a 40-42 mark. "We have to start building numbers again, and that's just the way it is. No matter how badly you played or how well you played, you now start from scratch (Wednesday) night," coach Lionel Hollins said. Memphis does open with positive momentum after going undefeated (7-0) in the preseason for the first time in franchise history. "I think it should carry over to the games," All-Star Zach Randolph said. Randolph is coming off an impressive all-around season in which he established career highs in field-goal percentage (48.8%), rebounds (13.4) and steals (1.1), and averaged 20.8 points. With another year of experience under its belt, Grizzlies coach Lionel Hollins is excited about his team. "I think we have made strides," Hollins said. "Our younger guys have gotten better. That's always the key in this league is the development of players. You have so many young guys, they come in with notoriety and they come in with talent. "But from a fundamental and skill level and understanding how to win, it has to be developed." The Grizzlies are also returning all five starters, but may be without Marc Gasol on Wednesday after the center sprained his foot. His status is uncertain. Memphis is 2-13 all-time in season openers, and has dropped nine straight since defeating Seattle to begin the 2000-01 season. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   