Nuggets-Celtics Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Dec 08 2010 1:42AM Rajon Rondo took himself out of the lineup just before the Boston Celtics' most recent victory. Despite the uncertainty surrounding their star point guard, the Celtics look to extend their winning streak while delaying a milestone for Denver Nuggets coach George Karl. Boston hosts Denver on Wednesday night hoping Rondo can overcome the hamstring and foot injuries that kept him out Sunday. Rondo sat out three straight games Nov. 21-24 with a strained hamstring, but he returned for the following four games and had at least 10 assists in each - including 19 on Friday in a 104-92 win against Chicago. He warmed up Sunday at New Jersey, but decided he couldn't play. "It was literally about two seconds before the game was going to start," coach Doc Rivers said. "I usually don't like that. It was really a last-second cancellation." Rondo's absence didn't seem to bother the Celtics (16-4), who extended their season-high winning streak to seven games with a 100-75 victory. Nate Robinson made his fourth start in Rondo's place and scored a game-high 21 points with six assists. If Rondo is forced to rest Wednesday, Robinson likely will get the nod again. "I just go about things the same way," Robinson said. "I just play the same way as if I was coming off the bench." Shaquille O'Neal's status is also uncertain for the Celtics after he left Sunday's game with a sore right calf. Paul Pierce scored eight points against the Nets, marking only the second time in his last 41 games he hasn't scored in double figures. However, Pierce has averaged 25.7 points in 22 career games against Denver, which hopes to earn Karl his 1,000th NBA head coaching victory. The Nuggets (13-7) failed in their first attempt Tuesday in a 100-98 loss at Charlotte, which snapped Denver's seven-game winning streak. Chauncey Billups scored 25 points, but he missed the potential game-tying shot as time expired. "It would have been something I'd have remembered if I won my 1,000th here," said Karl, who played his college basketball at North Carolina. "But hopefully we'll get it on this trip." Boston is the second stop on a four-game road trip the Nuggets hope doesn't resemble their previous contests away from home. Denver is 3-6 on the road - including five losses in the last six - compared to 10-1 at the Pepsi Center. "I think defensively our urgency was not where it should be to win when you're playing on the road," Karl said Tuesday. Billups, selected No. 3 overall by the Celtics in 1997, has averaged 17.8 points in 28 career games against his former team, which traded him during his rookie season. Carmelo Anthony has averaged 18.8 points in four games since leaving with an illness early in Denver's 138-133 win against Phoenix on Nov. 28. Anthony hasn't missed any more time following that contest, but he averaged 25.2 in the 15 games prior to the illness. This is the first of two meetings between the teams this season after they split the pair in 2009-10. The Nuggets have lost 17 of the last 20 meetings in Boston, where the Celtics are 9-1 this season. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited