Pelicans-Warriors Preview By ELI KABERON Posted Dec 16 2013 4:21PM Golden State Warriors coach Mark Jackson believes turning around a stretch of three losses in four games starts with effort. The Warriors will look to take their coach's advice to heart when they open a three-game homestand Tuesday night against the New Orleans Pelicans. Golden State (13-12) has struggled in several areas during its slump, particularly with turnovers. While primary ball handler Andre Iguodala has missed the last 12 games because of a strained left hamstring, the Warriors have watched their giveaways rise. The team averages 17.2 per game - among the most in the NBA - and Stephen Curry, who has taken on the role of distributor, has piled up 59 in Iguodala's absence. Golden State turned it over 20 times Sunday against Phoenix, and though it led to just 17 points for the Suns, it was too much to overcome in a 106-102 loss. "Right now the turnovers are hurting us and we are not playing 48 minutes with a sense of urgency," Jackson said. "We came in talking about we had to be the hardest working team because this team plays extremely hard and they're talented, and we did not do that. I'm disappointed and we've got to find answers, individually and collectively." Jackson also called out his players, saying, "I am finding that the guys in the suit and tie want it more than the guys in uniform." With Iguodala's return still undecided, the Warriors could use some improved play from Curry's backcourt mate, Klay Thompson. In the past three games, Thompson is shooting just 33.3 percent, including 6 of 20 from 3-point range, and is averaging 15.0 points - all of which fall well below his season averages. When these teams met on Nov. 26 in New Orleans, Thompson scored a game-high 22 points to lead the Warriors to a 102-101 victory. The Pelicans (11-11), just like Golden State, are trying to stay afloat while one of their top players recovers from injury. Since forward Anthony Davis broke his hand Dec. 1, New Orleans has gone 3-3. The team is also without guard Tyreke Evans, who missed Sunday's 102-93 loss to Denver with a sprained ankle. In Evans' place, Austin Rivers scored 17 points in 21:57 of court time - both season highs. "We just didn't have the type of juice that you need to have on the road to win a game," coach Monty Williams said. Tuesday's contest will be the second on a five-game road trip for the Pelicans, who are 4-6 away from home. "There are a lot of games left," said guard Jrue Holiday, who had 12 points and seven assists against the Nuggets. "This is a big road trip; we have another opponent coming up who are pretty good. It's a basketball game we have to focus on that and move forward." The Warriors have won five straight and seven of their past nine against New Orleans. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited