Suns-Pelicans Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 04 2013 1:10PM While emerging star Anthony Davis is doing it all for the New Orleans Pelicans, coach Monty Williams thinks he can keep improving. The Phoenix Suns can't be happy to hear that. Davis looks to continue his impressive play when the Pelicans host the Suns on Tuesday night. After posting good - but hardly elite - numbers while batting several injuries during his 2012-13 rookie season, Davis appears to have taken a big step forward in his second year in the league. He's averaging 23.7 points, 12.3 rebounds, 4.0 blocks and 2.7 steals while making 19 of 20 free throws. "He's doing it every single night but I think that he can be better," Williams said. "I want him to attack the basket more. Obviously I love the points but he's only scratching the surface as to where he's going to be as he gets stronger and learns how to draw more fouls." Davis is coming off arguably the most complete effort of his brief career, posting 25 points and eight rebounds along with career highs of six blocks and six steals in a 105-84 win over Charlotte on Saturday. "I'm going to do everything my team needs me to do to win," said Davis, who at one point dove into the scorer's table to save a pass from going out of bounds and hustled back to score in transition. "We have to have that mentality to win games." After a pair of rough efforts in his first two games with New Orleans (1-2), Tyreke Evans added 15 points, six rebounds and seven assists. The Pelicans clamped down defensively after dropping their first two games, limiting the Bobcats to 37.5 percent shooting. "We wanted to show that when we play good defense, we're a tough team to beat," Davis said. "We knew we had to come in and get this win. It wasn't even about Charlotte tonight, it was more about us. We had to get back to playing Pelican basketball." New Orleans is seeking a third straight win over Phoenix (2-1) after taking the last matchup 95-92 on April 7 behind 20 points from Davis. After beating Portland and Utah at home, the Suns opened a three-game road swing with a 103-96 loss to Oklahoma City on Sunday. Eric Bledsoe had 26 points and a career-high 14 assists but also committed a career-worst eight turnovers for Phoenix, which was outscored 36-26 in the fourth quarter. "Our guys fought hard and that's a good team and we had a chance to win on their court, so I'm pretty happy with the effort," said coach Jeff Hornacek, whose club turned the ball over 25 times. "That's the ultimate goal, when you go on the road, is to have a chance at the end." The Suns held a 24-14 edge in transition but were outscored 46-18 in the paint. Big man Miles Plumlee, who totaled 31 points and 28 rebounds in the first two games, went scoreless and pulled down five boards after picking up a couple of early fouls. Bledsoe is averaging 22.0 points, 6.3 rebounds, 8.7 assists and 5.7 turnovers. Pelicans point guard Jrue Holiday has also played well with 18.3 points and 6.0 assists per contest. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited