
 Bobcats-Nets Preview By JON PALMIERI Posted Apr 10 2011 10:22PM There hasn't been much for the Charlotte Bobcats to feel good about lately. Kwame Brown's recent performances have at least provided a small glimmer of hope. Brown looks to continue his solid play and help the Bobcats end a season high-tying six-game losing streak Monday night when they close the road portion of their schedule against the undermanned New Jersey Nets. The 6-foot-11 Brown hasn't come close to fulfilling the potential many believed he had when he was selected first overall by then-Washington Wizards boss Michael Jordan in the 2001 draft. While he may never reach star status, Brown has turned into a useful and cost-effective player for Charlotte (32-48), his fifth NBA team. Brown, who makes the veteran minimum of $1.3 million, is averaging 7.8 points and 6.7 rebounds this season. However, he's taken on a greater role in the offense the last four games, averaging 16.5 points on 70.0 percent (28 of 40) shooting with leading scorer Stephen Jackson (hamstring), sixth man Tyrus Thomas (knee) and backup point guard Shaun Livingston (tailbone) sidelined. "It wouldn't surprise me if other teams are looking at him, also, so that's not for me to decide," Charlotte coach Paul Silas said about re-signing Brown, an unrestricted free agent. "But for me, personally, I'd like to have him back." Brown had 19 points while shooting 9 of 10 from the floor as every Bobcats starter reached double figures in Sunday's 112-101 loss to Detroit. Gerald Henderson scored 21 points and Boris Diaw 20 for Charlotte, which last dropped seven in a row Nov. 7-20, 2009. "If I would have played my first unit the whole game, then I think we would have had a shot. But you can't do that," Silas said. "I'm taking a look at everybody and I want everybody to come with it. It's been difficult." Silas expects to be stuck with nine players for the final two games. "I can't really foresee anybody coming back at this time," he said Sunday. The Bobcats won't be getting any sympathy from the Nets (24-56), who are without star point guard Deron Williams (right wrist), leading rebounder Kris Humphries (right heel, right ankle) and 3-point specialist Anthony Morrow (left knee). Those absences were too much for New Jersey to overcome Sunday at Toronto, which built a 21-point lead and held on for a 99-92 victory. Brook Lopez had 35 points and 11 rebounds for the Nets, losers of three straight and 13 of 15. New Jersey closes the season at Chicago on Wednesday. "We're not just here to get it over with," guard Sasha Vujacic said. "We want to compete every night." Lopez reached 30 points for the third time in four games, averaging 32.8 points and 8.0 rebounds during that span. He scored 31 in the Nets' most recent meeting with the Bobcats, a 94-89 road victory Feb. 11. Charlotte has taken two of three matchups with New Jersey this season, including an 85-83 victory at the Prudential Center on Nov. 3. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   