Wizards-Heat Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Nov 29 2010 10:22AM As LeBron James begins what will no doubt be a tense week, the Miami Heat are trying everything they can to end their struggles. After holding a players-only meeting following their latest loss, the Heat host the Washington Wizards on Monday night. While James will make his return to Cleveland on Thursday night, the Heat (9-8) have two more games to play in Miami before that matchup, with Detroit visiting Wednesday after Washington leaves town. The Heat lost for the fourth time in five games Saturday, 106-95 at Dallas - their second defeat by double digits during this stretch. That prompted a meeting of Miami's players. "It was a well-needed team meeting where everybody had a chance to get off whatever they had on their chest or in their head about us figuring things out," James said. "Right now we are a 9-8 team and we have to own up to that. Does our record speak of the quality of team we can become? I don't think so. But right now we're 9-8 and we're playing like that." James had 23 points and eight rebounds while Dwyane Wade had 22 points, nine boards and five assists. James, however, went 5 of 19 from the field and combined with Wade to commit 12 of Miami's 14 turnovers. The Heat have been held to fewer than 100 points in six straight games and were outrebounded in last five. They shot 41.3 percent Saturday and were outscored 31-17 in the third quarter after missing their first 10 shots after halftime. "It's tough because I know the potential of this team, the vision I had when this team was put together," Wade said. A visit from the Wizards (5-10), who are winless on the road, might help them get the week off to a good start. Washington is looking to avoid losing a season-high third straight. The Wizards fell 100-99 to Orlando on Saturday, with Gilbert Arenas' shot at the buzzer hitting the back of the rim. Arenas finished with a season-high 31 points and scored his team's final nine points over the last four minutes, but was 9 of 23 from the floor. He is shooting 39.1 percent on the season. John Wall missed the game with a bruised right knee. The rookie had totaled 35 points in his last two games after sitting out four with a sprained left foot. Wall, averaging 18.0 points and 9.1 assists, is questionable for Monday. Yi Jianlian will miss his eighth straight game and fellow forward Al Thornton is likely to sit out his third in a row. The Wizards play their next two and five of six on the road. They are winless in seven away games this season, giving up 110.1 points while scoring 93.4. "We felt we played hard enough for the win (Saturday) so we have to take the momentum on the road and play against the Heat," Arenas said. Miami has won seven of the last eight meetings with Washington. However, the Wizards won in their most recent visit to Miami, 94-84 on Nov. 27, 2009. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited