
 Spurs-Bobcats Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 07 2010 10:25PM The San Antonio Spurs are rolling with three consecutive wins and have motivation for a fourth. The Spurs look to avenge a rare loss to the Bobcats on Monday when the teams meet in Charlotte. San Antonio is 10-2 all-time against the Bobcats and had won five in a row at Time Warner Cable Arena before losing 92-76 on Jan. 15. The Bobcats have been held to an average of 82.7 points in their 12 games against the Spurs (4-1), their lowest against any team in the NBA, and offensive production could be again tough to come by for a team ranked 29th in the league at 89.7 per game. Tony Parker scored San Antonio's first seven points in overtime of its 124-121 victory over Houston on Saturday. While he finished with 21 points and a season-high 14 assists, Parker was upset with how the Spurs failed to finish off the Rockets in regulation. "We have no excuse. We didn't play well enough. We let them back in the game and then we had to fight," he said. "I'm happy we ended up with a win. This would be tough loss because in March, you would be mad at yourself for losing. I'm happy we won and are learning from it and hopefully we play better next game." The Spurs should be looking for another solid performance out of their three-time All Star, as they are 7-0 against the Bobcats when Parker records five or more assists. Charlotte is 1-5 for the third time in the seven-year history of the franchise, and is hoping to avoid its first 0-3 start at home. Gerald Wallace scored 25 points and grabbed a season-high 14 rebounds in Saturday night's 91-88 loss to Orlando as Charlotte was held to 36 first-half points. "We've got the will," Wallace, who leads the team with 19.0 points and 8.0 rebounds per game, told the Bobcats' official website. "We know we have the heart to fight. Right now we're like Rocky but we don't start until after the sixth round when we're all swollen up. We've got to come out in the first round and, as they say in boxing terms, establish our jab and get moving around the ring. "We have to come out and be the aggressor and try to make a statement, and right now we aren't doing that." While Wallace continues to be the Bobcats No. 1 option on offense, he is averaging just 9.1 points against the Spurs, his lowest total versus any team over his career. The Bobcats are scoring an NBA-low 20.5 points in the first quarter, but Stephen Jackson - second on the team in scoring - feels that better days are ahead. "We've got to continue to fight, follow our game plan and good things will happen," said Jackson. "We have to find a way to bring the energy from the beginning of the game. We've got to keep working, stay positive and try to turn this thing around." Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   