Trail Blazers-Lakers Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Mar 20 2011 3:02PM Despite being bothered by a sore ankle and now a stiff neck, Kobe Bryant promises he'll play when the Los Angeles Lakers host Portland on Sunday night. He certainly was ready the last time he saw the Trail Blazers. Bryant had 37 points in an overtime victory at Portland last month, a performance the Lakers would love to see him channel in this potential playoff preview as they seek a 12th win in 13 games. Bryant has been dealing with a sore ankle, but that hasn't been enough to slow Los Angeles (49-20). The Lakers bounced back from a 94-88 loss at Miami on March 10 - their lone defeat since the All-Star break - with strong defensive performances in home wins over Dallas and Orlando, overcoming subpar shooting from Bryant. The Lakers superstar had another rough time against Minnesota on Friday, shooting 6 for 17 and taking a shot in the jaw from Martell Webster's head in a fourth-quarter collision. Los Angeles prevailed 106-98 thanks to 25 points from Pau Gasol, and Bryant pronounced himself good to go for Sunday. "I can take a hit," said Bryant, who's been held under 20 points in three straight games for the first time since Jan. 10-13, 2010. "It was just that my neck snapped back. My neck is pretty stiff right now. ... I'm trying to work through it, that's all. "I'll be ready (against Portland) for sure, I promise you that. I'll be more than ready." The Lakers would surely take a repeat of his performance Feb. 23 in Portland. Bryant scored 28 of his 37 points in the second half, helping Los Angeles rally from a 10-point fourth-quarter deficit to win 106-101 in overtime. LaMarcus Aldridge had 29 points and 14 rebounds but didn't score in the fourth quarter of the loss, which snapped a six-game winning streak for Portland. Aldridge has averaged 1.3 points and shot 2 of 14 (14.3 percent) in his last six fourth quarters versus Los Angeles. Bryant called last month's victory a "playoff type of test," and there's certainly a chance these teams could be first-round opponents. Portland is currently sixth in the Western Conference while the Lakers are second, just one game up on third-place Dallas. The Trail Blazers (40-29) could finish as high as fifth, and took a big step toward that goal Saturday. While Denver lost in Miami, Portland beat Philadelphia 110-101 to pull within one-half game of the Nuggets entering this visit to Staples Center. "We know it's going to be a tough one," coach Nate McMillan said of facing the Lakers. "We haven't beaten them this year ... and they're defending champions, so we know it's going to be a tough challenge." The Blazers have won three straight and seven of nine overall, with Wesley Matthews' shooting a big reason why. He's averaged 19.8 points and hit 20 of 32 (62.5 percent) from 3-point range over his last five contests. Getting Matthews plenty of good looks from beyond the arc has been critical for Portland. It's 11-3 this season when Matthews attempts at least seven 3-pointers. Aldridge, Gerald Wallace and Marcus Camby will catch a break up front, as they won't have to face Lakers center Andrew Bynum. Bynum, who has averaged 15.6 rebounds and 2.7 blocks in his last seven contests, has been suspended two games for a flagrant foul against Minnesota's Michael Beasley. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited