Mavericks-Pacers Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 12 2011 1:44AM As badly as things have been going lately for the Dallas Mavericks, they appear to have a good chance of getting back on track on the road. Expected to play an eighth straight game without Dirk Nowitzki, the banged-up Mavericks try to avoid losing for the sixth time since their star went down Wednesday night when they open a seemingly favorable four-game road trip against the Indiana Pacers. Nowitzki is still listed as day-to-day with a knee injury, but he is unlikely to suit up against the Pacers after being limited in Tuesday's practice. The nine-time All-Star was hurt on Dec. 27 in a win over Oklahoma City, and Dallas (26-10) has lost five of seven since after winning 17 of its previous 18. Making matters worse, the Mavericks are also without No. 3 scorer Caron Butler, who is likely done for the season because of a torn tendon in his right knee. Although Dallas is playing without the duo's combined average of 39.1 points, coach Rick Carlisle has been stressing that the team still has a chance if it plays tough defense. The Mavericks didn't adhere to that advice Saturday against Orlando, allowing an opponent season high in points in a 117-107 loss. "It's going to start with defense and rebounding," Carlisle said. "It's going to get our offense going regardless of who's available. I don't believe in the excuse game. We've got to get it done with the people available." DeShawn Stevenson again stepped up offensively for the Mavericks against the Magic, finishing with a season-high 24 points. He is averaging 19.3 points on 48.0 percent shooting in his last four games after averaging 4.3 points on 29.4 percent shooting in his previous three. Still, Dallas has dropped five games behind Southwest Division-leading San Antonio after being 1 1/2 out at the time of Nowitzki's injury. The Mavericks face the NBA-best Spurs on Friday, which appears to be the most challenging stop on an otherwise non-threatening trip. After visiting San Antonio, Dallas - a league-best 12-2 on the road - plays at Memphis on Saturday and Detroit on Monday. The Pacers, Grizzlies and Pistons are a combined 44-66. The Mavericks have won five straight over Indiana since a 111-107 loss at Conseco Fieldhouse on Nov. 23, 2007, and nine of the last 10 meetings. The Pacers (15-20) are coming off a 111-103 victory over Philadelphia on Tuesday that snapped a nine-game road losing streak. Danny Granger had 27 points and Darren Collison added 21 points and 13 assists for Indiana, which shot 51.1 percent and scored in triple digits for the first time in 10 games. The Pacers, who won for just the fourth time in 14 contests, had averaged 90.0 points on 39.6 percent shooting in going 1-6 in their previous seven. "It's a breath of fresh air, particularly for our offense," said Granger, who had been limited to 18 points or fewer in five of his previous six games. "We shot the ball well (Tuesday). We moved well and had a lot of people on the ball. It's very typical of how we like to play all the time." The Pacers, who are in seventh place in the Eastern Conference despite being five games below .500, now try to win back-to-back games for the first time since Nov. 28 and 30. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited