Rockets-Lakers Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 31 2011 11:16PM While the two-time defending champion Los Angeles Lakers have had virtually no success against the NBA's best teams, a bigger concern for Phil Jackson is how his squad is also struggling against some of the league's bottom feeders. Coming off a disappointing performance in a NBA finals rematch, Jackson hopes the Lakers can shake some of their struggles Tuesday night when they host a Houston Rockets team that has already defeated Los Angeles once this season. The Lakers (33-15) were hoping to pick up a marquee win in Sunday's matchup with Eastern Conference-leading Boston, but faded down the stretch and wound up losing 109-96. Kobe Bryant tried to carry Los Angeles, scoring 41 points, but the other four starters combined for just 31 as the Lakers lost for the fourth time in seven games. "We need to elevate our level and need to get better if we're to defend our throne," said Bryant, who has totaled 79 points in his last two games. "There's no other option but that." Los Angeles is now 1-5 against top contenders Boston, Miami, Chicago, San Antonio and Dallas, but has also had its share of problems with several beatable opponents. The Lakers lost at home to Sacramento on Friday. They have also fallen to losing teams Milwaukee and Indiana at Staples Center this season, as well as middling Memphis. They're 18-7 at home, matching their loss total at Staples from all of 2009-10. "It's probably more of a disappointment to me that we haven't taken care of the teams that we should take care of," Jackson said. "The inconsistency is what bothers me the most. ... (But) we have two years of pretty good records in the playoffs, don't we? That's what makes me optimistic." A demanding upcoming schedule may try Jackson's confidence. After facing the Rockets (22-27), Los Angeles hosts NBA-best San Antonio on Thursday before embarking on a seven-game road trip while the Grammys take over Staples Center. Houston rallied for a 109-99 home win over the Lakers on Dec. 1, closing the game on a 25-8 run. The Lakers also had trouble against the Rockets in their Oct. 26 season opener, needing a 27-foot 3-pointer from Steve Blake with 19 seconds remaining to win 112-110. Bryant scored 27 points in each game for Los Angeles, which has won eight of the last 10 in the series. Houston's Kevin Martin totaled 48 points in this season's first two meetings with the Lakers, but finished with 10 points while shooting 4 of 13 from the field in Saturday's 108-95 loss to the Spurs. "I just lost the rhythm," said Martin, who averages a team-best 23.0 points. "I don't know how I lost it, but I just lost the rhythm." Martin has alternated good and bad outings in his last six games. He's averaged 31.0 points on 50.0-percent shooting in three of those games, but 12.0 while shooting 28.6 percent in the other three. The Rockets have lost four of six overall and six of nine away from Houston. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited