Knicks-Wizards Preview Posted Feb 28 2013 3:43PM The New York Knicks overcame a performance from an opposing guard at the top of his game before facing one who is clearly not at the moment. Washington Wizards point guard John Wall had a strong showing the last time he faced the Knicks, but he's enduring some major woes heading into Friday night's matchup at the Verizon Center. New York (34-20) won 109-105 at home over Golden State on Wednesday despite Stephen Curry's NBA season-high 54 points. The Knicks admitted everything they tried didn't work. "We ran everything at him," center Tyson Chandler said. "He just got hot. There was some shots that he couldn't have seen the rim." Not much Wall has done recently has worked. He's committed at least a half-dozen turnovers in three of his last five games, finishing with six points, four assists and seven turnovers in Wednesday's 96-95 home loss to Detroit as Washington's three-game win streak was snapped. "He is going through a rough stretch," coach Randy Wittman said. "You've got to fight through it. You can't succumb to it. You can't feel sorry for yourself about it." Wall is averaging 10.2 points on 29.6 percent shooting in five contests since the All-Star break. He seemed to blame his teammates for Wednesday's miscues. "I think it was great passes. I just think some of my teammates (didn't) catch them, and some of them got tipped away," Wall said, "so just got to deal with it." Wall was more efficient Feb. 6, when he had 21 points and nine assists along with six turnovers as Washington (18-38) ended a 10-game slide to New York with a 106-96 home victory. He scored 10 points in the fourth quarter as the Wizards put up 36 - their highest total in a final period all season. The Knicks took a three-point lead into that quarter - one they remember well. "This is kind of a payback game for us," Carmelo Anthony said. "We felt like last time we went down there, we were supposed to have won that game." Anthony had 31 points and nine rebounds in that contest. The Baltimore native no doubt enjoys playing close to home; his 28.3 points per game at Washington are his third-most in any NBA city. The league's second-leading scorer insists his team won't look past the Wizards with Sunday's much-anticipated home game against Miami looming. "We're not thinking about the Heat right now," Anthony said. "After we come back from Washington, maybe Saturday at practice you can ask me something about the Heat. We've got one game on our minds and that's the Wizards." Wizards big man Nene is listed as questionable after missing the Pistons game with a sore right shoulder. Trevor Booker, who missed the first two games against the Knicks this season, started in Nene's place. The Knicks also did not see an injured Bradley Beal in the most recent meeting. The rookie is back and averaging 19.8 points in his last five games. Anthony scored 35 and had a season-high eight assists Wednesday against the Warriors. J.R. Smith chipped in with 26 points after averaging 12.7 over his previous three games. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited