Kings-Nuggets Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Dec 31 2010 5:02PM Denver Nuggets fans have cheered Carmelo Anthony loudly this season although the superstar has refused to sign a contract extension. The three-time All-Star could receive one of his loudest ovations when he takes the court New Year's Day. After missing the previous five games due to the death of his sister, Anthony returned to practice Friday and is expected to be back in the lineup Saturday night against a Sacramento Kings team hoping to build on a thrilling victory. Anthony leads Denver (18-13) with 24.0 points and 8.3 rebounds per game and hasn't played since a 115-113 win over Minnesota on Dec. 18. His sister died three days later, and Anthony left the Nuggets to spend time with his family. In a statement released through the team Tuesday, Anthony said he appreciated "the outpouring of love and support" from his Denver family during this time. "His body seemed like it wanted to be here," coach George Karl said Friday. "We ran a lot because we wanted to get him back into shape. He was feeling like he could run up and down the court and he played well. Practice was good because I think everybody was fresh. Hopefully, he'll be able to help us win some games very quickly." The Nuggets fans have been gracious to Anthony all season in an attempt to show they want him to stay in Denver. The Nuggets offered him a three-year, $65 million extension over the summer, but Anthony has hinted he'd like to play for New York. Still, the fans continue to give Anthony their support. Denver lost its first three games since its star left but has rallied to win its last two. A 119-113 victory over the Timberwolves on Wednesday was one of the Nuggets' most surprising as they were without Anthony, Nene (back, hamstring), Al Harrington (thumb) and Kenyon Martin (knee). Denver still had Chauncey Billups, however, and he scored 15 of his 36 points in the fourth quarter while hitting three huge 3-pointers. "Relatively speaking, this is one of our best wins of the year, playing so short-handed, coming in on a back-to-back, getting in late," said Billups, who averaged 25.6 points in the five games without Anthony - 9.0 better than his season mark. "It was just a really good win. A really good win." The Nuggets now hope to build on that victory with Anthony, who was playing some of his best basketball before leaving, averaging 30.3 points and 10.0 rebounds in his last four games. A game against the Kings (6-23) might be a good way for Anthony to pick up from where he left off, considering he is averaging 30.0 points on 50.7 percent shooting in his last six meetings with them. He only played in one game in the series last season, a 106-101 loss at Sacramento, while missing the other two because of injuries. Although the Nuggets dropped two of three to the Kings last season, they won the only game at the Pepsi Center. They've won five of the last six meetings in Denver while averaging 114.0 points. The Kings arrive in Denver having lost eight straight road games, but they are hoping to carry some momentum from Wednesday's dramatic 100-98 win over Memphis. Tyreke Evans made a shot from midcourt as time expired to snap an eight-game skid and give Sacramento just its second win in 18 games. "Man, it feels good to get a win," said rookie DeMarcus Cousins, who had a career-best 21 points and 16 rebounds. "Hopefully that can be the spark that we need. Just keep playing, keep working hard and we can turn this thing around." The Kings will be trying to win back-to-back games for the first time since Oct. 30-Nov. 1. They have lost 22 of 25 since. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited