Spurs-Grizzlies Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Mar 01 2011 12:05AM The San Antonio Spurs registered a franchise record-tying 21st consecutive home win in their last game thanks in large part to Manu Ginobili's impressive effort. That victory, though, came at a price. With three-time All Star Tony Parker expected to miss two to four weeks, the Spurs will try for their 19th win in 23 games against the Memphis Grizzlies when the teams conclude a home-and-home set Tuesday night at FedExForum. Parker, averaging 17.1 points and a team-best 6.6 assists, strained his left calf in the second quarter of Sunday night's 95-88 win against Memphis. San Antonio went 16-10 last season while Parker missed time with multiple injuries, but he had started all 59 games this season. Ginobili stepped up and recorded 18 of his season-best 35 points in the fourth quarter Sunday, helping the NBA-leading Spurs (49-10) win their third straight since the All-Star break. Ginobili, who also had eight assists and six rebounds, knows that facing the Grizzlies on the road will be a challenge - especially with Parker on the sidelines. "It's going to be even rougher," he said. "Of course, when Tony's on the court, the whole dynamic of the team changes because he is so good at breaking the first line, finding open teammates or finishing." Despite leading by as many as 20 points Sunday, San Antonio trailed by four after three quarters. The Spurs, though, outscored Memphis 36-25 in the fourth and came up with key defensive stops down the stretch. "That's good focus for us," said Tim Duncan, who had 12 points, eight boards and five blocks. "That's what we need to do. As we build towards the end of the season and walk into the playoffs, that's the kind of team we want to be, especially in that fourth quarter. "So, a good lesson for us. Obviously, we don't want to put ourselves in that situation giving up a big lead and having to do that, but a great learning situation for us." San Antonio has won seven of 10 in Memphis, but the Grizzlies (33-28) have won four straight and 12 of 14 at home and are feeling confident after Sunday's second-half effort. "We were just battling. We've been defending all year and we defended, got stops, ran out and scored," coach Lionel Hollins said. "We just played the way we play. We just did it better. Our effort was better and our energy was better. Now we just have to get smarter." Memphis, which dropped to 4-10 when scoring below 90 points, is averaging 112.7 on 52.3 percent shooting in its last three home games. Zach Randolph continued his recent success versus the Spurs, recording his fifth double-double in six meetings with 24 points and 17 rebounds. Randolph is averaging 22.2 points and 14.6 boards over that span. Shane Battier, reacquired from Houston prior to Thursday's trade deadline, has registered five steals and three blocks in two games with the Grizzlies. "He understands how to play the game; he plays it at 100 percent ferocity all the time, ferocity with sense," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "On top of that he's a character guy and a leader." A victory Tuesday for San Antonio would give the Spurs their 12th consecutive 50-win season. They would also equal their victory total from 2009-10. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited