Wizards-Suns Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Dec 04 2010 4:16PM The Phoenix Suns continue to rank among the highest-scoring teams in the NBA. They could be in line for another offensive outpouring against one of the league's worst road teams. The Suns will look to make it eight straight wins over the Washington Wizards when the teams meet Sunday night in Phoenix. Phoenix has outscored Washington by an average of 17.8 points during its seven-game winning streak in the series, and should have little trouble putting points on the board against a Wizards defense allowing 111.4 points per game while going 0-9 on the road. Channing Frye led the Suns (10-9) with a season-high 29 points - including 5 of 8 from 3-point range - during a 105-97 win over Indiana on Friday night. The Suns' 109.0 points per game lead the NBA, and with five players averaging double-digit points, they're confident in their ability to find the hot hand on a nightly basis. "It's kind of tough. You just got to kind of pick your poison," said Frye, who has also averaged 2.6 blocks over his last seven games. "I think we have the right spacing; it allows everybody to just do what they do ... guys just come in and give us great minutes and I just kind of do what my job is and that's just space the floor, make some shots, do some stuff and block some things." Steve Nash scored 12 points Friday, attempting a season-low seven field goals but recording 11 assists for his fifth consecutive double-double. Since rejoining the Suns in 2004, Nash has averaged 18.8 points and 13.1 assists versus the Wizards while Phoenix has gone 9-2 with the seven-time All Star in the lineup. The Wizards (6-12) snapped their four-game losing streak with a 83-79 win over Portland on Friday night, but now face a much tougher task. Washington, which remains one of two winless road teams in the NBA, is off to the worst road start in franchise history. After allowing a season-high 127 points in Toronto on Wednesday, coach Flip Saunders knows where his team needs to improve. "Go figure: Give up 131 (actually 127) two days ago, and give up 79 (Friday)," said Saunders. "All we did (Thursday) was work on defense. Our offense kind of showed it. If you want to be good in this league, you're going to have to learn how to play defense, so right now, that's our point of emphasis." After dealing with a bruised right knee, John Wall - the No. 1 overall pick from this year's draft - struggled in his first start since Nov. 25, going 3 of 13 from the field and dishing out a season-low two assists versus the Blazers. Wall turned his attention to the team's road troubles after the victory. "We've got to start winning on the road. We don't want to go 0-41," Wall said. Gilbert Arenas, who was held to seven points on 1-of-10 shooting against the Raptors, bounced back with 15 points Friday. Arenas, who played his college basketball at Arizona, is likely looking forward to facing the Suns. He has averaged 29.6 points in Phoenix - including a 54-point performance during a 144-139 overtime victory Dec. 22, 2006. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited