Nuggets-76ers Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Jan 29 2011 3:43PM The Philadelphia 76ers have taken advantage of the absence of Carmelo Anthony in two straight wins over the Denver Nuggets. They won't be so fortunate as to avoid the star forward again Sunday night. Anthony will try to lead the Nuggets to a fifth straight victory when the NBA's highest scoring team visits the 76ers. Denver (28-18) has blown leads of nine and 12 points in consecutive losses to Philadelphia (20-26). The Nuggets fell 95-89 at home in the most recent meeting Dec. 26 as the 76ers closed on a 25-7 run. Anthony sat out both defeats and has missed four of Denver's last eight games versus Philadelphia. The Nuggets are 1-3 when Anthony is out and 8-3 when he has played against the 76ers. He's helped Denver match its second-longest win streak of the season. The Nuggets, averaging 107.9 points, have put together big first quarters in winning the first three games of a five-game trip against losing teams. Denver has averaged 31.0 points in the opening periods of those wins, scoring exactly that many in a 117-103 victory over Cleveland on Friday. Anthony finished with 33 points, seven rebounds and five assists. "Our starts have been good on this trip," coach George Karl said. "We've gotten into the games mentally pretty well." The coach has been happy with his team's focus amid constant questions about the trade rumors surrounding Anthony. The Nuggets have won eight of 10 after losing three straight. "We have kept it away from the basketball court," Karl said. "There is an energy that is drained from press conferences, going to different cities and being asked the same questions and reading the same stories. "We had a bad stretch in early January, but we have bounced back. We're starting to play as good as we've played all year." Center Nene returned after missing a win at Detroit on Wednesday with a strained right calf, but played only nine minutes. He sat out the second half as a precautionary measure, the team said. The 76ers are looking to bounce back from a 99-94 loss to Memphis on Friday. Philadelphia went up by 21 in the third quarter but suffered its sixth defeat when leading by 10 or more this season. "The common denominator for these losses is just miscues," forward Elton Brand said. "We turned the ball over and it was very uncharacteristic of how we've been playing lately. It seemed like we got past the point where we were done losing leads, especially 21-point leads." The 76ers, who had a three-game win streak snapped, committed 11 of their 22 turnovers in the fourth quarter. They are among the league's best teams in that department with 13.6 per game, and had more than 15 once in their previous 14 games before Friday. "You can't play through those turnovers," coach Doug Collins said. "25 points off turnovers. You can't play through that. You just can't do it." The Nuggets have won six straight over Eastern Conference teams since last month's loss to the 76ers, who are 5-2 at home against the West. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited