Magic-Pacers Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Nov 19 2010 1:01PM The Orlando Magic know they're more than capable of catching fire and blowing out opponents at the Amway Center, but their road performances have been far less impressive. The Magic are averaging 20 fewer points away from their new home, a trend they'll likely need to reverse Saturday night against the Indiana Pacers if they hope to stretch their winning streak to four. Orlando (8-3) won an NBA-high 39 games by double digits last season, including a remarkable 16 on the road. The Magic aren't having any trouble carrying over their tendency for blowouts at home, where five of their first six wins have been by at least 15 points. They opened up a 28-point halftime edge on a Phoenix team without Steve Nash on Thursday night, cruising to a 105-89 victory in which six players scored in double figures. "I think everybody was going offensively," said forward Rashard Lewis, who had all 13 of his points in the first three quarters. "I mean, we did a great job of putting the game away early, move the ball, had a lot of assists, total team effort. Thought we did a great job of playing team basketball." Orlando's three road games haven't gone so smoothly. After falling 96-70 at Miami on Oct. 29, the Magic have won their last two - by three in Charlotte and one in New Jersey - but even in those victories, they shot just 41.5 percent. Their 84.0-point average on the road is the NBA's lowest. Vince Carter has particularly struggled away from the Amway Center. He's averaged 17.3 points and shot 57.1 percent at home, but he's been held to 9.0 points per game and 34.6 percent shooting on the road. The Pacers (5-5), meanwhile, are 3-3 at Conseco Fieldhouse, but they've left no doubt in any of their victories. They've won by an average of 23.7 points after blowing out the Los Angeles Clippers 107-80 on Thursday. Indiana held the Clippers to 33.3 percent shooting from the field. "We wanted to do it on the defensive end," Danny Granger said after scoring a game-high 22 points while helping to force Los Angeles' Eric Gordon into a 5-for-17 performance. "We got it accomplished on that end and shot the ball pretty well. We knew we really needed this one to get back to .500." Granger has picked up his defense this season, but it's what center Roy Hibbert has done at the offensive end that's perhaps the Pacers' most surprising development. Hibbert has increased his average from 11.7 points to 16.5 while averaging 10.0 rebounds, 3.2 assists and 2.8 blocks. He went 7 of 7 from the field during a dominant second quarter Thursday. "I got the feeling that nobody could stop me down there," Hibbert said. "I just wanted to get to the front of the paint and just get as big as possible and do some damage down there." Hibbert's improvement should make for an intriguing matchup inside against Orlando's Dwight Howard, who's had three 20-rebound games as the Magic have gone 6-2 against Indiana the past two seasons. Hibbert showed he's capable of outplaying Howard by totaling 26 points, eight boards and four blocks in a 97-90 home win Jan. 5 while Howard fouled out. The two-time reigning Defensive Player of the Year, though, got the best of Hibbert in the other three meetings last season - all Orlando victories. Howard averaged 21.7 points and 15.0 boards to Hibbert's 7.7 points and 4.3 rebounds. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited