Bobcats-Nets Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 22 2012 1:29AM The New Jersey Nets are an Eastern Conference-worst 1-5 at home, hurt by a difficult schedule there over the season's first month. They'll get a reprieve - at least from the challenging schedule - Sunday night when they host the Charlotte Bobcats. New Jersey picked up its first home victory with a 107-100 win over Golden State on Wednesday, but had another dismal showing in front of the home fans three nights later in an 84-74 loss to Oklahoma City. The Nets (4-12) shot 31.0 percent against the Thunder and turned the ball over 18 times - numbers that were major reasons why New Jersey failed to reach 80 points for the fourth time this season, accounting for 25 percent of its games. Deron Williams and MarShon Brooks each scored 14 points while Kris Humphries added 12 points and 16 rebounds in the defeat. "It just wasn't going our way," said Williams, who left briefly in the third quarter after a collision with Serge Ibaka. "We knew it was going to be a tough task and we played them pretty well the last three quarters of the game. It's just the first one seemed to cost us, and just bad shooting." Williams shot 5 of 18, missing all six of his attempts from 3-point range. He's shooting 31.7 percent over his last four games. Playing their final season in New Jersey before moving to Brooklyn for 2012-13, the Nets are averaging 89.3 points and shooting 38.0 percent at the Prudential Center. In their defense, all five losses have come against teams that were in the playoffs last season and have winning records in 2011-12. The Nets would appear to have a good chance to salvage a 2-1 homestand with a win against Charlotte (3-13), which has lost five straight on the road including a 95-89 defeat at Chicago on Saturday. The Bobcats, who have failed to reach 90 points in any of their five consecutive road losses, turned the ball over 16 times compared to eight for a Chicago team playing without Derrick Rose and Joakim Noah. Gerald Henderson scored 22 points and Byron Mullens added 17, but fellow starters D.J. Augustin and Kemba Walker combined for seven points while shooting 2 of 11 from the floor. Walker - who finished with four - came in averaging 17.0 points over his previous four games. "Somehow we didn't have the right attitude (Saturday) and it puzzled me," coach Paul Silas said. "We had three days off. I thought we'd really come out with a lot of energy and intensity (Saturday) and we just didn't have it. I don't know what it was." Charlotte has won four of five against the Nets, including the last three meetings in New Jersey. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited