Pacers-Clippers Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 17 2011 1:31AM The Los Angeles Clippers have defeated some of the NBA's top teams the last few weeks, including a victory over the two-time defending champions in their last game. Their recent performances are in stark contrast to their level of play when they faced the Indiana Pacers two months ago. The Clippers look to win their fifth straight at home when they face the Pacers on Monday. Los Angeles (14-25) has the third-worst record in the Western Conference, but is 9-4 since Dec. 17, the fourth-best record for any team during that stretch. The Clippers have several impressive wins in those 13 games, posting victories over division leaders Chicago, Miami and on Sunday, the Los Angeles Lakers. They ended the Lakers' seven-game win streak with a 99-92 victory, overcoming a 12-point third-quarter deficit. Eric Gordon scored 30 points and Blake Griffin had 16 of his 18 points in the second half and grabbed 15 rebounds. The only thing to mar the victory was a late scuffle between the teams that led to Griffin and Baron Davis being ejected along with Lamar Odom and Ron Artest. "We're a relentless team," Davis said. "We've got guys that believe in each other, and we've got explosive scorers. This is just another achievement for us, and we're getting better all the time." Gordon and Griffin continue to lead the way for the improving Clippers. Gordon is averaging 27.4 points the last five games while shooting better than 60 percent the last two. Meanwhile, Griffin's ejection kept him from reaching 20 points for a 15th straight game, but he extended his double-double streak to 26 games. The last time he failed to record at least 10 points and 10 rebounds was against Indiana on Nov. 18. He had 12 points and eight rebounds in that 107-80 loss, the Clippers' 12th in 13 games to start the season. Slowing Griffin again will go a long way toward helping Indiana (16-21) bounce back from a 99-86 home loss to Chicago on Friday. The Pacers were bidding for their first three-game win streak of the season after beating Philadelphia and Dallas on consecutive nights. The Pacers shot 32.6 percent - their second-worst performance of the season - against the Bulls and trailed 53-41 at halftime. Danny Granger scored 22 points, but missed 13 of his first 17 shots on his way to an 8-for-23 performance. "For some reason tonight the lid was on the basket," rookie Paul George said. "We missed layups. We missed short jumpers. We just didn't hit shots." Monday begins a four-game road trip against teams from the West for the Pacers, who ended a nine-game road losing streak at Philadelphia on Tuesday. Roy Hibbert, averaging 15 points against Western Conference teams compared to 11.3 against clubs from the East, will try to bounce back after he was held to a season low-tying two points on 1-of-8 shooting Friday. He had 18 points and eight rebounds against the Clippers in November. The Pacers are looking to sweep the season series against the Clippers for the first time since 2005-06. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited