Bobcats-Jazz Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Jan 31 2011 2:12AM The Charlotte Bobcats were done in by Deron Williams' late-game heroics the last time they faced the Utah Jazz. They might not have to worry about his presence this time around. While looking to avenge a last-second loss to Utah earlier in the season, the Bobcats will try to avoid a fifth consecutive defeat in the series when they visit the struggling Jazz on Monday night, with the status of the injured Williams uncertain. Coming off three straight wins in four nights - including a 121-113 overtime victory at Golden State on Friday - Charlotte (20-26) fell for the first time on its season-high six-game road trip Saturday night, 103-88 against the Los Angeles Clippers. The Bobcats were outscored 33-19 in the second quarter and never closed within single digits after that. "We knew we were going to be a little flat (Saturday)," swingman Stephen Jackson said. "I knew guys were going to be tired. I was tired." Jackson had averaged 25.0 points in his three previous contests before finishing with 14 against the Clippers while teammate Gerald Wallace, who continues to play through an ankle injury, was held to seven points or fewer for the fourth time in six games. Wallace is averaging 24.6 points in his last seven games against Utah. Despite his team's lackluster performance, interim coach Paul Silas is confident the Bobcats will come out with a better effort Monday. "I think we'll be ready for Utah for sure," Silas told the Bobcats' official website. "That's the next big game for us. My guys were a little tired (Saturday). ... We'll just take it as it is and be ready for the next one." Jackson, who has registered 11.6 points per game at Utah over his career, recorded 24 against the Jazz on Nov. 13 and helped his team to the brink of victory before Williams scored with 0.8 seconds remaining, giving the Jazz a 96-95 road win. It was a different story Sunday night, though, as Utah fell 96-81 at Golden State while Williams - averaging a team-best 21.9 points and 9.4 assists - missed his second straight game with a hyperextended right wrist. The Jazz (28-20) lost for the seventh time in eight games as they shot 37.2 percent from the field - their second-worst mark of the season. "We're going through some tough times," coach Jerry Sloan said. "We haven't played with a lot of energy and then Deron gets hurt. We get banged up and that's what happens when you get in situations like that. "But that's where you see where the fight is in you and see how bad you really like to play." Al Jefferson had 16 points and 14 rebounds Sunday but went just 6 of 18 from the floor. Jefferson, who is shooting 28.1 percent over his last two games, could bounce back Monday. He has averaged 21.1 points on 54.0 percent shooting during his last eight matchups with the Bobcats - including a career high-tying 40-point performance April 8, 2008, while with Minnesota. Utah, which has won four straight overall versus the Bobcats, has also taken the last four home meetings by an average of 18.8 points. The Jazz are 12-3 at EnergySolutions Arena when holding teams to 100 points or less. Charlotte's 92.5 points per game scored on the road rank 27th in the league. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited