
 Rockets-Grizzlies Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Dec 02 2010 9:20PM The Memphis Grizzlies beat the NBA's two-time defending champions earlier this week, but couldn't follow that victory with another in their next game. The Houston Rockets don't want to suffer a similar letdown. Houston looks to build on its own momentum from beating the reigning champs Friday night when it visits the Grizzlies. Memphis (8-11) held off the Los Angeles Lakers 98-96 on Tuesday behind 28 points from Mike Conley, but seemed a step slow in the first half 24 hours later in Atlanta. The Hawks scored 63 points in the game's first 24 minutes en route to a 112-109 win. "We played well enough to win the game but we weren't able to get it across," said Conley, who's made 10 of 13 shots in each of his last two games. "But we are getting better. We're taking steps." The Rockets (6-12) are now coming off their own victory over Los Angeles. The visiting Lakers led by seven points with seven minutes to play Wednesday, but Houston closed the game on a 25-8 run - which included 11 points from Shane Battier - to rally for a 109-99 victory. "In the fourth quarter, we did all of the things we've struggled with all year," coach Rick Adelman said. "We got most of the rebounds, we executed really well. Shane was huge ... it was just a solid win for us, obviously our best win of the year. We just hope we can build on this." The Rockets are still searching for consistency. Houston has won back-to-back games once - victories last month at Indiana and New York that represent its only two road triumphs in 10 tries. Battier knows the importance of changing that soon if the Rockets are going to climb out of the Southwest Division basement. They can get a little bit closer by beating Memphis. "This game is, in many ways, more important than the Lakers game," Battier, who was originally drafted by Memphis, told the Rockets' official website. "They're in our division and they're ahead of us in the standings, and if we want to start climbing the standings we need to start beating the teams that are ahead of us." The Grizzlies haven't held many leads on Houston in recent meetings. The Rockets have won five straight games in the series by double digits, pulling down an average of 7.6 more rebounds while holding Memphis to 88.4 points per game. The Rockets' big advantage has come in the backcourt, as Conley and O.J. Mayo have combined to averaged 19.0 points during Houston's winning steak in the series. In the two games against Memphis since Houston acquired Kevin Martin, he and Aaron Brooks have combined for an average of 47.5 points. Brooks, though, has been sidelined since early November with a sprained ankle, the same injury that's kept Yao Ming out of the past 11 games. Yao could return as early as Tuesday, and Brooks could be back shortly after that. Battier has averaged just 8.5 points against his former team - his lowest mark versus any opponent - but Houston has been successful this season when he's getting his points. The Rockets are 4-2 when Battier scores 12 or more and 2-10 in other games. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   