Warriors-Pistons Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 14 2012 11:44PM The Golden State Warriors have struggled to slow down opponents on the road, where they remain winless. Their next opponent's struggles at home could help the Warriors finally break into the win column. The Warriors continue a four-game trip Sunday when they take on the Detroit Pistons at the Palace of Auburn Hills. Golden State dropped to 0-4 on the road following a 112-100 loss to Charlotte on Saturday - its seventh defeat in eight games overall. The Warriors (3-8) cut a 22-point lead to six late in the fourth quarter, but the Bobcats scored seven unanswered points from there to put the game away. David Lee scored 24 points - his third straight 20-point performance - and added 16 rebounds, while Monta Ellis finished with 18 points. Golden State played without Kwame Brown (torn pectoral muscle) and Stephen Curry (ankle), although Dorell Wright (knee) returned to the starting lineup, finishing with 12 points after missing Thursday's 117-109 home loss to Orlando. Despite its spate of injuries, Golden State has scored at least 100 points in three straight games after failing to reach the century mark in any of its first eight contests. However, it is also giving up an average of 103.8 points in its last eight games. The Warriors allowed Charlotte to shoot 50 percent - 56.1 percent in the first half - on Saturday, leading coach Mark Jackson to say he was "embarrassed" by his team's performance. "We didn't show up," Jackson said. "As a coach, that's on me. Somehow my guys didn't come out ready to play. We jumped on them early and took our foot off the gas. We thought it was going to be easy. ... This type of effort cannot be accepted." While the Warriors are struggling to slow opponents, they may have an easier time against Detroit (3-9), which is averaging 87.2 points at home while losing four of six. The Pistons snapped a six-game overall losing streak Friday, winning 98-81 at Charlotte. Jonas Jerebko tied a career high with 22 points while Greg Monroe added 19 points, nine rebounds and five assists. "We had some glimpses (in Thursday's 102-93 loss at Milwaukee) and (Friday) I think we had a complete game instead of just half a game and I think it showed on the court," Jerebko said. The Warriors and Pistons split their two meetings last season, with each team winning at home. Detroit has defeated Golden State four straight times at The Palace of Auburn Hills and has taken 15 of the teams' last 16 meetings there. Ellis is averaging 26.7 points in his last three games against the Pistons. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited