Lakers-Wizards Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Dec 13 2010 3:25PM Los Angeles spent its day off in Washington with President Obama, who congratulated the Lakers on winning last season's title. Kobe Bryant and his teammates know they have a lot of work to do to win another championship and schedule another day with the President. Coming off a sluggish performance over one of the league's worst teams, the Lakers look for a crisper effort Tuesday night against the Wizards, another bottom feeder they had some trouble against last week. Los Angeles (17-7) has won four of five following a four-game losing streak, but its last three victories weren't particularly inspiring. This stretch started with last Tuesday's 115-108 win over Washington. The Lakers led by just four points with 1:20 left before pulling away to win their eighth straight in the series. Bryant scored nine of his 32 points in the final 5:23 of the game, while Lamar Odom added 24 points. A night after its close call against the Wizards, Los Angeles defeated the lowly Clippers 87-86 on Derek Fisher's layup at the buzzer. The Lakers then traveled to Chicago on Friday, finishing with a season low in points in an 88-84 loss, and then to New Jersey, where it hung on to win 99-92 on Sunday after falling behind by a point with 5:36 to play. "We have to muster up the energy and muster up the motivation to play every night," said Bryant, who scored 14 of his 32 points in the fourth quarter against the Nets. "I'm (annoyed) about it. We're not doing a good job of doing it." The two-time defending champs have now faced fourth-quarter deficits in seven of their last nine games after trailing in the final period in just four of their first 15. "We can't be great every single night," said Odom, who finished with 22 points and seven rebounds Sunday. "But it's just the way we've been going for us for the last 10 to 15 games. We get a lead, give it away and have to fight back. We're not playing to our potential. Not taking anything away from the Nets, but we're just not playing well right now. It's a little disappointing." The Wizards' play has also been disappointing, but unlike the Lakers, they haven't been finding ways to win. Washington (6-16), which fell to New York 101-95 on Friday, has lost four straight and eight of nine. Coach Flip Saunders believes his team must pick up its intensity to have any chance of competing. "We came back in L.A. because we played hard," Saunders said after Monday's practice. "We're at a point right now because our talent level is not up to the team's we're playing at is that we're just going to have to play harder than people." Saunders also said John Wall's status for this game is questionable with knee soreness. Wall, who sat out Wednesday's 116-91 loss to Sacramento with a sore foot, struggled to find his shot against the Knicks, finishing with eight points on 4 of 14 shooting. He has missed seven of Washington's first 22 games with foot and knee injuries, but had 22 points and a career-best 14 assists against the Lakers last week. Nick Young also played well at Staples Center, finishing with a season-best 30 points on 10 of 18 shooting, and could be poised for another big game. In six career games against the Lakers, the former USC guard is averaging 18.3 points, his most against any opponent and 8.9 points better than his career average. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited