76ers-Wizards Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Nov 23 2010 12:16AM In the first meeting between this year's top two draft picks, the Washington Wizards' John Wall outshined the Philadelphia 76ers' Evan Turner. After missing time because of an ailing left foot, Wall may get the chance to do that again. The Wizards point guard could return from his injury in time for Tuesday night's game against the 76ers, who could get swingman Andre Iguodala back in the lineup. Wall, taken with the first overall pick, set career bests with 29 points, 13 assists and nine steals in a 116-115 overtime victory over Philadelphia on Nov. 2. Turner finished with nine points and six rebounds. Wall has sat out the past four games, with the Wizards (4-8) alternating wins and losses over that span. They fell 115-110 in overtime on the road to Detroit on Sunday. Gilbert Arenas had 19 points and a career-high 16 assists, while JaVale McGee registered 20 points and a career-best 16 rebounds. "We played a great game, so this one hurts," Arenas said. "The blowouts don't hurt - it is the ones you should have won. We should have won this." The Wizards, though, might get some help as they try to win their fifth in a row over Philadelphia (3-10). Coach Flip Saunders said Wall practiced Monday with only a little soreness, and he will be a game-time decision. "John went through the whole practice and did some live scrimmaging. He did some good things," Saunders said. "We're going to wait and see (Tuesday)." The 76ers enter this game feeling a little better after snapping a five-game slide with a 90-79 win over Milwaukee on Friday night. Thaddeus Young paced Philadelphia with a season-high 23 points off the bench. "Coach (Doug) Collins always tells me to be prepared and that's what I try to do," said Young, who played a season-high 38 minutes. "If it's going to be 15 minutes or 40 minutes, I know I have to be mentally and physically prepared." Like the Wizards, Collins' team might get a boost if Iguodala can return. The seven-year veteran has missed the last three games and played twice in the past seven because of tendinitis in his right Achilles' tendon. While Iguodala is probable, guard Lou Williams, who scored a season-high 30 points earlier this month at Washington, is day to day with an injured left shoulder. Along with potentially getting Wall back in the lineup, Washington will have Arenas on the court after he missed the first meeting with the 76ers due to a strained tendon in his right ankle. In his previous home game against Philadelphia, Arenas scored 31 points in a 105-98 victory Dec. 22. Washington has won 10 of 13 at the Verizon Center over the 76ers. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited