Thunder-Grizzlies Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Mar 06 2011 11:51PM Zach Randolph didn't make the Western Conference All-Star team, but he's certainly played like one of the league's best power forwards over the past few months. The Memphis Grizzlies have every reason to believe that will continue against the Oklahoma City Thunder. On the heels of hitting a buzzer-beater to give the Grizzlies a stunning comeback win, Randolph looks to help Memphis capture the season series from a Thunder team he's dominated Monday night at FedEx Forum. Seeking their first playoff berth since 2006, the Grizzlies (35-29) were 14-19 after a New Year's Day loss. They're in eighth place in the West now - just two games out of fifth - with Randolph leading the way. An All-Star when he averaged 20.8 points in 2010, Randolph has averaged 22.3 in his last 32 games - more than every Western Conference forward except Kevin Durant, LaMarcus Aldridge and Blake Griffin. That resurgence - he averaged 18.3 points prior to Christmas - wasn't enough to get him a spot in a second straight All-Star game, but Sunday he one-upped a forward who did make the team. After Dirk Nowitzki gave Dallas a one-point lead with 3.1 seconds left, Randolph hit a rainbow 17-footer with 0.3 seconds on the clock to lift Memphis to a 104-103 victory. Randolph finished with 27 points, leading the Grizzlies back from 18 down to snap the Mavericks' eight-game winning streak. "It's definitely higher than I normally shoot it, but I can hit a lot of shots like that," Randolph said after Memphis improved to 15-6 when he scores at least 23 points. "I felt comfortable when I released the shot." There's no reason to think Randolph can't come up big again Monday as Memphis and Oklahoma City (39-22) meet for the final time this season. He's averaged 29.7 points in the first three meetings - easily his most against any opponent - and has scored 31 in both Grizzlies wins. As good as Randolph has been, Memphis might not have any wins against the Northwest Division-leading Thunder without Tony Allen. The offseason pickup had 19 points in a 110-105 home win Jan. 4, then delivered a season-high 27 points while filling in for Rudy Gay in a 105-101 overtime road victory Feb. 8. Yet it was his defense against Durant, who scored 31 points but took 25 shots in last month's matchup, that impressed Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks. "The guy was all-pro all night on both ends of the floor," Brooks said of Allen. "Twenty-seven points and he made Kevin work for every shot. I thought he won the game for them." Memphis may need Allen to step in front of Russell Westbrook if the Thunder's All-Star point guard plays like he did Sunday against Phoenix. As Durant struggled, scoring 18 points but shooting 3 of 14 from the field, Westbrook had 32 points and 11 assists to lead Oklahoma City past Phoenix 122-118 in overtime - its third straight victory. James Harden matched his career high with 26 points off the bench. "Everyone did a great job of picking me up and filling in for me in the point area, or the scoring area," Durant said. "It was a great win." Brooks may have been impressed with Allen's defense against Durant last month, but the NBA's leading scorer hasn't had much trouble filling it up against Memphis. Durant has averaged 32.4 points - shooting 51.6 percent - in his last seven games against the Grizzlies. The Thunder had a season-high 23 turnovers in last month's loss. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited