Clippers-Jazz Preview By JORDAN GARRETSON Posted Dec 28 2012 2:44AM Another game for the Los Angeles Clippers means another opportunity to continue writing history. The Clippers can extend their franchise-best winning streak to 16 games on Friday night as they head to Salt Lake City to play the Utah Jazz, where they had lost 16 in a row before winning the last two contests, including one earlier this month. Los Angeles' streak is the league's longest since San Antonio ran off 15 straight into the playoffs last season. Another win would make it the best run since Boston won 19 consecutive games in 2008-09. The Clippers were just 8-6 after Nov. 26 - the date of their last loss, a 105-98 defeat against New Orleans. They have since become the owners of the NBA's best record (23-6), which was improved with Thursday's 106-77 home win against the Celtics - Boston's worst loss of the season. "Some people may be impressed by the record, but we can't be," Chris Paul said. "We're not measured by our regular-season wins." Blake Griffin agreed, saying, "We want to be winning in April, May and June." Considering the fashion in which the Clippers have been beating teams - badly - the streak might not end for a while. Los Angeles is winning by an average of 16.3 points during its run while shooting 48.4 percent from the floor. The Clippers are also succeeding with arguably the NBA's best depth. They own the league's best scoring bench at 43.1 points per game. The reserves didn't let up on Thursday, with Matt Barnes and Jamal Crawford leading the team in scoring with 21 and 17 points, respectively. DeAndre Jordan also credited the team's chemistry for allowing them to blend players as old as Lamar Odom (33) rather seamlessly in the rotation with some as young as Griffin (23). "We have a mixture of some young guys, some guys in their prime and some veterans on this team," Jordan said. "We play well together on the court, but we are also close off the court and I think that helps our play. If we continue to stay close and everybody stays healthy we will be alright." The Jazz (15-15), meanwhile, have stumbled recently, losing five of seven overall and their last two home games after starting 9-1 at EnergySolutions Arena. Utah matched a season low in points with a 94-83 loss to Golden State on Wednesday and its offense seemed disrupted by the absence of point guard Mo Williams. Williams, averaging 12.9 points and 6.7 assists, missed his second straight game with a sprained right thumb and is out indefinitely. Jamaal Tinsley has started the last two in his place, averaging 5.5 points and four assists. "He (Williams) can attack the rim, take a shot, make a shot and we just didn't get that tonight," coach Tyrone Corbin said. "It was a sluggish effort all night." Utah had beaten the Clippers in 11 of 12 before losing the last three games, including a 105-104 home loss on Dec. 3. Griffin posted 30 points and 11 rebounds while going 14 of 20 from the field. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited