Heat-Thunder Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 29 2011 9:48PM Kevin Durant and LeBron James are the NBA's most prolific scorers and have enjoyed some epic encounters in the past. Durant, however, doesn't view Oklahoma City's showdown with Miami as a two-man competition. That makes sense, because James could be joined by both Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh after the injured stars traveled with the Heat to Oklahoma. After a couple of close calls against inferior opponents, Durant and the Thunder expect to get a major test Sunday in their first meeting of the season with the star-studded Heat. Neither Wade nor Bosh played in Miami's 88-87 win over Detroit on Friday, just the second victory in seven games for the Heat. Wade sat out with a sore right wrist and Bosh missed his fourth straight game due to a sprained left ankle. James carried the team in their absence, finishing with 39 points, nine assists and eight rebounds, but he may not have to be the lone scoring threat for the Heat (32-14) much longer. An MRI exam on Wade's sore right wrist Saturday showed no structural damage, and Bosh's ankle has improved, allowing both to travel with the team. That could indicate the Heat, who typically do not have injured players join the team for one-game trips, expect to have both back for Sunday's contest. "Health is No. 1," James said. "We know we have to be healthy." James missed two games of his own more than a week ago because of a sprained left ankle, but the seven-time All-Star has shown no ill effects, averaging 33.8 points and 10.0 rebounds in four games since returning to the lineup. James' ranks second in the NBA with 26.1 points per game. He and Wade make up the league's second-highest scoring tandem at 51.4 per game. Only Durant can top the two-time defending league MVP in those categories. Durant is averaging a league-best 28.8 points, and he and Russell Westbrook are combining for 51.5 per game. Durant had 40 points in Friday's 124-117 double-overtime win over Washington, while Westbrook added 35 points, 13 rebounds and 13 assists. It was the Thunder's second straight overtime victory over a last-place team after defeating Minnesota 118-117 in Wednesday. Durant insisted the Northwest Division-leading Thunder (30-16) weren't looking past the Wizards to this marquee matchup. The two-time All-Star also said this game is more than just a matchup between two of the most exciting players in the game, despite his enthralling history with James. James totaled 81 points in two games against the Thunder last season for Cleveland, while Durant scored 63. The last time they faced one another, James blocked Durant's shot attempt with 0.9 seconds remaining, handing the Thunder a one-point loss. "I know I've grown as a player," Durant said. "I don't need anybody else to stamp that for me. I know I've grown. I've just got to continue to keep pushing and play within the team." Durant had 68 points against the Heat in 2009-10, as Oklahoma City swept the two-game series after going 1-7 against Miami over the previous four seasons. The Thunder, 7-1 on national TV, enter play having won a season-best six straight home games and 12 of 14 in Oklahoma City. They also won six consecutive home games last season but haven't earned seven straight home victories since a nine-game run in 2004-05, when the franchise was in Seattle. The Heat have lost four straight road games after winning their previous 13 away from Miami. They haven't lost five in a row on the road since dropping the final nine of 2007-08. "We're going against a great team in Miami," Thunder forward Jeff Green said. "We're going to have our work cut out for us, so we're going to have to bring our A-game." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited