Cavaliers-Celtics Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 25 2011 12:45AM The Boston Celtics were embarrassed about blowing a double-digit lead in losing to a beatable team their last time out. Losing in any kind of fashion to their next opponent would be far worse. The Celtics, who again expect to be without Shaquille O'Neal, look to get back on track Tuesday night against a Cleveland Cavaliers team that has just one victory since the end of November. Boston (33-10) looked poised to win its sixth in a row Saturday, leading Washington by 16 points in the first quarter, but slowly fell apart and lost 85-83. Things got particularly ugly in the fourth quarter, as the Celtics missed 18 of 23 shots and finished with 11 points, a season low for any period. "Let's just say that was the basketball gods punishing us for the way we played," coach Doc Rivers said. Rivers was upset that his team settled for jump shots instead of driving to the basket. The Celtics finished with 38 points in the paint after averaging 49.2 during their five-game winning streak. One factor may have been O'Neal sitting out after injuring his right knee in Friday's win over Utah. O'Neal, who played for Cleveland last season, was averaging 15.7 points on 71.4 percent shooting and 6.3 rebounds in his previous three games. "It's not a serious injury," Rivers said, "but he's also 38 years old and we're going to be very cautious." Without O'Neal, the Celtics will rely a bit more on rookie Semih Erden and Glen Davis. Although Boston has had to deal with injuries to O'Neal, Kevin Garnett and Rajon Rondo this season, it is still atop the Eastern Conference and has a 10 1/2-game lead over second-place New York in the Atlantic Division. "It's been a terrific season so far, but in that terrific season we've had some bad losses, too," Rivers said. "Some of the teams that have beaten us are under .500 and those are tough losses for a team that shouldn't lose those games." They certainly shouldn't lose to Cleveland (8-36), which has dropped 17 straight and 27 of 28 since beating Memphis on Nov. 27. Despite the Cavaliers' epic struggles, the Celtics aren't about to overlook them, especially after losing in Cleveland 95-87 on Oct. 27. "If we do (overlook them), then we'll lose," Rivers said. The Celtics avenged their loss to the Cavaliers with a 106-87 victory Nov. 30, which started Cleveland's disastrous stretch. This will be the first - and only - meeting of the season in Boston, and that doesn't bode well for the Cavs. The Celtics are an East-best 21-3 at home, while Cleveland has dropped a team-record-tying 21 consecutive road games since winning at New Jersey on Nov. 9. The Cavs returned to New Jersey on Monday, but fell 103-101. Cleveland led by as many as 12 points and had a chance for the win after Brook Lopez's go-ahead jumper with 1.4 seconds remaining, but Daniel Gibson's 3-point attempt missed at the buzzer. "We have to keep playing hard and applying all the things we talked about at both ends of the floor," coach Byron Scott said. "We have to know it's going to work out for us, we're going to have a breakout game. Right now we're losing some of these battles but in the long run we'll hopefully win the war." Cleveland's Antawn Jamison is averaging 23.8 points and 7.5 rebounds in his last 11 games, but totaled just 10 points on 5-of-16 shooting in the two games against the Celtics this season. Rondo, who is averaging 10.5 points and a league-best 13.0 assists, has combined for 41 points in the two meetings. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited