Heat-Warriors Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Dec 09 2010 9:14PM Things appear to be falling into place for the Miami Heat. A visit to the sputtering Golden State Warriors shouldn't pose too many problems, either. The Heat look to extend their season-high winning streak to seven when they face the Warriors on Friday night. Less than two weeks ago Miami (15-8) was being highly criticized while having trouble living up to the hype surrounding its Big Three of LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh during a 1-4 stretch that included losses at Dallas and Orlando. Winning six in a row by an average of 16.5 points has suddenly quieted those comments and concerns. "We're playing better basketball," center Zydrunas Ilgauskas said. "If you look at the games, it's obvious. But we still have a ways to go." While the Heat's winning streak has included victories over four sub-.500 teams, they made an impressive statement with a 111-98 win at Northwest Division-leading Utah on Wednesday. "Right now every win is significant," said James, who had 33 points, nine assists and seven rebounds. "When you go into a building like this, a hostile environment with a team that's very good, great in this building, it's always good to get a win like this." James is hitting 54.3 percent of his shots and has topped 30 points three times during the last six games, equaling his total over the first 17 with his new team. The reigning two-time MVP, who leads Miami with averages of 24.1 points and 7.3 assists, could be in for another big performance against Golden State (8-14). He's averaging 28.8 points per game with 7.9 assists over 13 meetings, but 33.3 points with 10.3 assists in the last three. Ilgauskas, James' former teammate in Cleveland, also appears to be getting more comfortable with his new club. He got his first double-double of the season Wednesday with 16 points and 10 rebounds after failing to score while totaling seven boards over the previous three games. His effort in the paint was a big reason Miami held a 42-28 rebounding advantage over the Jazz. "The biggest thing is rebounding," Ilgauskas said. "We're winning all the rebounding battles game after game after game. Before we were not. We have the same guys, but we're doing it with more effort, doing it collectively." Wade, who had 28 points Wednesday, is averaging 34.4 points in his last five meetings with the Warriors. That has been key to the Heat winning four in a row over Golden State, while taking five of the last six visits to Oakland. The Warriors are mired in a 1-10 stretch that includes two season-high five-game losing streaks and a four-game slide at home. They haven't dropped five in a row at Oracle Arena since a six-game skid from March 1-24, 2002. Golden State's most recent six-game slide occurred from March 2-11, and started with a 110-106 loss at Miami as Wade scored 35 points in the most recent matchup. The Warriors lost star guard Stephen Curry to a sprained right ankle in the second quarter of a 111-94 defeat to the Spurs on Wednesday, Golden State's 25th straight loss in San Antonio. Curry, whose status is uncertain, is second on the team with 20.1 points per game behind Monta Ellis (24.5). "Any time you lose a talent, you drop down three or four levels," coach Keith Smart said. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited