Wizards-Pistons Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Nov 20 2010 7:52PM The Washington Wizards hope have John Wall back after their star rookie sat out the last three games with a foot injury. If he is unable to go, however, a healthy Gilbert Arenas is proving he is capable of helping carry the team. Arenas and the Wizards look to win for the third time in four games and pick up their first road victory of the season Sunday against the Detroit Pistons. Wall hasn't played since a 103-96 loss to Chicago on Nov. 13 with what Washington (4-7) has been calling a sprained left foot. Wizards coach Flip Saunders said Wall, who is averaging 18.1 points, 9.8 assists and a league-best 3.3 steals after being the top draft pick last spring, could play at The Palace of Auburn Hills. Washington also played the last three games without center Yi Jianlian (bruised right knee), but his availability his doubtful. Wall's absence has been a bigger blow, but despite being without their dynamic playmaker, the Wizards have won two of three behind Arenas. He is looking healthy and playing well after appearing in a total of 47 games over the previous three seasons because of various left knee injuries, and last season's lengthy suspension for bringing guns into the Wizards' locker room. The three-time All-Star played a season-high 39 minutes, scoring a team-best 24 points in Friday's 89-86 victory over Memphis. "Gil is making the right plays," Saunders said. "He is trying to do what needs to be done from the team concept to try to win." Arenas scored 30 against the Bulls - including 21 after Wall exited with 4:37 left in the third quarter - and is averaging 20.8 points on 45.2 percent shooting in his last four games. He had averaged 10.3 points on 27.7 percent shooting in his first four. Washington (4-2), though, is still winless in five road games this season. Notching that first road win in Detroit could be difficult for the Wizards, who have been outscored by an average of 13.6 points in losing five straight there since Jan. 26, 2007. The Pistons (4-8) have won six straight over Washington overall - their longest active winning streak - but also have been having their own problems lately. There have been signs of discontent all season for Detroit (4-8), which is off to its worst start since 2000-01. Rodney Stuckey was temporarily benched earlier this month, and Detroit coach John Kuester got into a heated verbal exchange with Tayshaun Prince during Monday's loss at Golden State. In Wednesday's 103-90 loss to the Lakers, Richard Hamilton was given two quick technicals and ejected less than five minutes into the game. The Pistons, trying to avoid starting 4-9 for the first time since 1992-93, also continue to get little from Ben Gordon, who is averaging 10.2 points in his last six games after averaging 20.2 points in his first six. "I'm not going to lie to you. I'm disappointed," Kuester said. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited