Mavericks-Raptors Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Feb 27 2011 12:44AM The Dallas Mavericks are rolling - even on the road. Their upcoming schedule may just keep things that way. The Mavericks look for a sixth consecutive victory by re-establishing their dominance of the lowly Toronto Raptors on Sunday night. Dallas (42-16) owns the second-best record in the Western Conference. However, the team is still six games behind league-leading San Antonio in the Southwest Division and the conference. The Mavericks, though, are doing their best to gain ground in those races, winning 15 of 16 including five in a row in which they've averaged 111.4 points. They're also on an 8-1 run on the road after winning 105-99 over Washington on Saturday. Dallas overcame a scare as it nearly squandered a nine-point lead with four minutes remaining in the opener of a three-game trip. "Obviously we were disappointed in the way we finished that ballgame, but hey, we got out of here with a win," said guard Jason Terry, who had 25 points. "This is a stretch where we have games where, let's be blunt, we should win." Four of Dallas' next five opponents currently have records at or below .500, and two of those contests are against last-place clubs. This first is Toronto (16-43), which is at the bottom of the Atlantic Division while dropping 19 of its last 22. The Mavericks, however, haven't fared well against the Raptors, losing the last two meetings after an 11-1 stretch. They fell 84-76 at home on Dec. 28, and in the last visit to the Air Canada Centre on Jan. 17, 2010, losing 110-88. Dirk Nowitzki missed the most recent matchup with a knee injury, but he's averaging 26.4 points and 9.1 rebounds over the past eight games at Toronto with Dallas winning five. Continued production from Tyson Chandler could also re-establish the Mavs' success in this series. The center made 10 of 14 shots for a season-high 23 points while pulling down 13 rebounds Saturday. His scoring output was two points shy of the total over the previous three games. "I really wanted to get involved, because coming after the All-Star break, I know it's the stretch now where we've really got to get focused and make our playoff push," said Chandler, who was limited to three points and six boards against the Raptors in December. Toronto turned in a listless effort Friday, falling 110-92 to Phoenix after holding its only lead when it made the first basket of the game. Just 1:58 later, the Raptors were down 11-2 and never came close to recovering. "They jumped on us early and for whatever reason we were a step slow tonight," coach Jay Triano said. "We were slow reacting, we were slow going to the ball on the glass and they take advantage of that." While the Raptors may be on their way to a third consecutive season out of the playoffs, Andrea Bargnani is providing one of the few bright spots. The top overall pick in 2006 made 12 of 15 shots for 26 points against the Suns and is averaging 27.1 over the last nine games. He missed the last meeting with Dallas due to a strained left calf, but has averaged just 11.3 points during the past four home matchups. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited