76ers-Lakers Preview By JORDAN GARRETSON Posted Dec 29 2013 1:58AM The losses have been piling up for the banged-up Los Angeles Lakers, even at home. Hosting the league's worst road team may be just what they need to turn things around. Los Angeles tries to end a season-high four-game losing streak Sunday night against the Philadelphia 76ers. The Lakers (13-17) have lost four straight overall and four of five at home, beset by injury yet again. Already without the likes of Kobe Bryant, Steve Nash and Steve Blake, Los Angeles was sans Pau Gasol on Friday at Utah due to respiratory infection, which coach Mike D'Antoni said will also make him a game-time decision Sunday. Los Angeles came up short against Utah, losing 105-103 after Derrick Favors' putback dunk with 2.1 seconds remaining. Jodie Meeks missed a 3-pointer as time expired. Chris Kaman will also be a game-time decision due to an ankle injury after scoring a season-high 19 in Gasol's place against the Jazz. D'Antoni said confidence has been the missing ingredient for his team lately. "We had it rolling for a while. We got knocked back on our heels with a couple of injuries," he said. "But we need to win one and we'll build from there. But I think we're close and they're giving all they got. "We're scrambling a little bit, but in the meantime these guys have played with focus and purpose. We feel like we're ready to turn the corner." The 76ers (8-21) have struggled on the road all season. They won at Washington in their first road game on Nov. 1 but have since dropped all 13 contests away from home. They were without Evan Turner due to a sore right knee Saturday in Phoenix, and although Thaddeus Young scored 30 and Michael Carter-Williams added 27 they still fell 115-101. Turner, who averages a team-high 19.3 points, is expected to play Sunday in the third stop on a six-game trip. "I think I might have aggravated it the past couple days in practice maybe," said Turner, who missed his first game this season. "I think coach was just being precautionary. I was going to try to play tonight but he thought it'd be a better idea for me to play tomorrow and take it from there as opposed to playing catch-up." Turner's presence Sunday, however, might not necessarily help alleviate Philadelphia's issues. On the road, the 76ers are allowing teams to shoot 48.1 percent, with opponents scoring at least 102 points in regulation in all but one contest. They surrendered 31 fast-break points against the Suns and are giving up an average of 18.4 per road game. "We're not going to win games giving up 30 fast-break points," Carter-Williams said. "So we've got to get back on mistakes, and that starts with me getting back and when I get back, that leads everyone else getting back." Lakers guard Nick Young will play against his former team for the first time after averaging 10.6 points in 59 games for Philadelphia last season. He's averaging 20.9 points over his last seven games while going 20 for 42 from 3-point range. He scored 14.4 per game in the previous 23 contests while shooting 34.8 percent from beyond the arc. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited