Hornets-Trail Blazers Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Nov 25 2010 9:35PM The New Orleans Hornets routed the Portland Trail Blazers less than two weeks ago, but with their defense struggling and Brandon Roy feeling healthier than he did in that game, New Orleans could face a tougher challenge in the second meeting. The Hornets look to avoid a third straight loss Friday night when they visit the Trail Blazers, who could have Roy and Joel Przybilla back. New Orleans (11-3) won eight straight to open the season, but fell to 1-2 on their four-game road trip after a 105-87 loss to Utah on Wednesday. All three of the Hornets' losses have come on the road, where they are averaging 92.1 points compared to 101.0 at home. New Orleans, which still has the league's third-best record, yielded more than 100 points for just the second time. They came in allowing 91.1 points per game, but had 17 turnovers that led to 26 Utah points. "Obviously we've got to play a lot tougher," said Chris Paul, who had 17 points and nine assists. While New Orleans would like more consistency on offense, defense has been its strength all season. After their last two opponents shot 49.7 percent - more than six percent higher than teams have been shooting against them all season - the Hornets will try to recover against Portland, which they held to 35 first-half points en route to a 107-87 victory Nov. 13. Coach Monty Williams, an assistant under Nate McMillan with the Blazers (8-6) for five years, returns to Portland. In the previous meeting against his former team, New Orleans had seven players finish in double figures, and Roy left the game late in the third quarter with a sore left knee. He has missed the last three games. Roy, however, could return Friday. He practiced Wednesday, but remains a game-time decision according to the team's official website. "If I feel the way I feel now," he said Wednesday, "I will play Friday." Roy, who is second on the team with 18.1 points per game, isn't the only player that seems to have benefited from the rest since the Blazers' last game, a 103-94 loss to Utah last Saturday. Przybilla could play for the first time since undergoing knee surgery last season. Przybilla hasn't played since Dec. 22, when he ruptured his patella, a knee he re-injured last March. He will also be a game-time decision after a stomach virus sent him to the hospital Wednesday morning. If he does play, McMillan said it will be minimal minutes. "What you want to see is him running without dragging his legs, pretty smoothly," McMillan said. "A lot of the rehabbing now ... is going to have to be in a game where he gets his confidence and he plays through some things." While the absences of Przybilla and Greg Oden (knee surgery) have left Portland without two of its centers, the Blazers still have outrebounded their last two opponents by an average of 11.5 boards. LaMarcus Aldridge is a big reason, recording a double-double in the last two games. Despite Aldridge finishing with 24 points and 11 rebounds against the Jazz, Portland shot a season-worst 38 percent and had 18 turnovers as it blew an 11-point lead. The Blazers have lost their last two home games against the Hornets. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited