Grizzlies-Pacers Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Dec 25 2010 9:19PM The Indiana Pacers have won back-to-back games three times this season and at no time since the end of November. At home, however, they've been a more consistent club. The Pacers look to win their third straight at Conseco Fieldhouse when they host the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday night. Indiana (13-14) improved to 8-6 at home with a 94-93 win over New Orleans on Monday. Mike Dunleavy tipped in a miss by Danny Granger at the buzzer, helping the Pacers snap a five-game losing streak against teams with winning records. Granger finished with 27 points and Indiana held the Hornets to 39.8-percent shooting. The Pacers' previous four opponents averaged 99.8 points on 48.3-percent shooting. Despite the strong defensive effort, Indiana was held below 95 points for the fifth time in six games. Granger is averaging 25.3 points in the last three contests, but he's shot only 31.0 percent in the last two. The Pacers haven't won back-to-back games since beating the Los Angeles Lakers and Sacramento on Nov. 28 and 30, respectively. "We're still trying to get back to .500 and keep moving on up," said James Posey, who made 5 of 7 3-pointers against the Hornets -  his former team. "Today was another step. We know if we play our style of basketball for four quarters, we always give ourselves that chance to win. "We've just got to keep going out there and working hard and just keep getting better." As it tries to move back to .500, Indiana seems to be facing Memphis (12-17) at a good time. After winning a season-high four straight, the Grizzlies have dropped three in a row, giving up at least 100 points in each loss. They are coming off a 101-94 home defeat to New Jersey on Tuesday. Rudy Gay, who averages a team-high 20.6 points and was returning from a one-game suspension, missed 9 of 10 shots in the first half and finished the night 4 of 16 for 11 points. The team combined to shoot 39.8 percent and was held below 95 points for the fourth time in six games. Coach Lionel Hollins was more frustrated by the effort on defense. The Grizzlies' last three opponents have shot 50.6 percent overall and 41.4 percent from 3-point range. "We couldn't get a stop when we needed on," Hollins said. "There were a lot of mistakes made on schemes and a lack of effort." While Indiana and Memphis are both struggling offensively, their recent matchups haven't showcased much defense. Of their last nine meetings, both teams have reached 100 points in the same game five times. Memphis has won four of the last five meetings against Indiana, including both games last season. Granger has missed the last three with foot and ankle injuries. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited