
 Rockets-Wizards Preview By PAUL DIGIACOMO Posted Nov 09 2010 8:19PM The Washington Wizards were expected to struggle as a young team with top overall pick John Wall getting acclimated to running their offense. The same couldn't be said of the Houston Rockets as they welcomed Yao Ming back. Houston looks to get on track Wednesday night when it visits a Wizards team it has lost to once in the past 10 meetings. The Rockets opened this season with five straight losses before beating Minnesota 120-94 at home on Sunday. Yao had 13 points in 16 minutes in his fourth game as Houston has limited his action after he missed all of last season with a foot injury. The 7-foot-6 center has not played on back-to-back nights and doctors have given him a limit of 24 minutes per contest. "We did a much better job of finding Yao," coach Rick Adelman said. "Taking it away and then coming to him and reposting him, they had trouble guarding him so we wanted to be sure we went to him." Yao is averaging 12.8 points and 6.5 rebounds in 21.0 minutes per game. "We need a consistent starting lineup," said Yao, who hinted Tuesday that the team may allow him to play two nights in a row starting in January. "With the starting center on and off, on and off, I think that's definitely not good for the team. "That's why I think playing back-to-back games, for me and for the team, is very important." Houston is also dealing with injuries to point guards Aaron Brooks and Kyle Lowry. Brooks is sidelined 4-6 weeks with a sprained left ankle and Lowry has missed the past two games with back spasms. Despite those limitations, Houston is among the league leaders with 112.0 points per game. The Rockets, though, rank near the bottom of the NBA with 112.7 points per game allowed. "We're scoring a lot of points, so there are a lot more possessions in our game, because you're going up and down a lot," Adelman said. "This team has shown that we can lock in defensively for a while. And then it seems like we lose our concentration, and the other team runs off 10 points in a row. "There's no reason why we can't defend more consistently than we have been." Washington (1-4) has lost two straight, including a 107-102 home defeat to Cleveland on Saturday. Wall shot poorly for the second straight game, going 5 for 14 after a 4-for-11 performance in a 112-91 defeat at New York on Friday. Wall has also struggled with turnovers, averaging 5.8 to easily lead the NBA. However, he is also the first rookie to have seven or more assists in each of his first five games since Oscar Robertson did it in 10 straight in 1960-61. The 20-year-old tops the Wizards with 19.4 points per game and is among the league leaders with an average of 9.6 assists. "They are very much into improvement individually knowing that will lead to team success," coach Flip Saunders told the Wizards' official website. "They are very unselfish. And I know we are excited to see how John develops and how he makes everyone so much better because that is the best thing he does." Houston is 9-1 against the Wizards since the beginning of 2005-06, winning all five matchups in Washington. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   