
 Heat-Hornets Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 05 2010 10:49AM Since losing their season opener, the Miami Heat have been on a roll. They'll face a stiff test Friday night when they take on one of the NBA's three remaining unbeatens. Miami seeks its fifth straight victory when it hits the road to face the New Orleans Hornets. The Heat (4-1) have won their last four games by an average of 22.8 points while holding opponents to 36.8 percent shooting from the floor, but Chris Bosh believes there's room for improvement on the boards. "I think we have to get used to teams missing so much. We're holding teams to a low (field goal) percentage, and that's a lot of misses," he said. "We're going to have to box out a little bit better. We have been winning by 20 points but it might increase if we give them one shot. If we clean (the rebounding) up, I think we'll be an even better defensive team." After averaging a career-best 24.0 points and 10.8 rebounds with Toronto in 2009-10, Bosh is scoring 11 fewer points and grabbing 6.4 boards per game for star-studded Miami. He doesn't seem to mind as long as the team continues to triumph. "I don't care about numbers," he said. "The only number I care about is winning. You can have great games, you can have great numbers and be at the bottom of the totem pole as far as the league is concerned. I think I can speak for that, too. I've experienced it. You can do everything you want, you can average the best numbers, but if you don't win it really doesn't matter." Bosh isn't the only Heat star who has seen his numbers drop off. LeBron James is averaging a career-low 20.4 points. The Heat might want to think about getting James more involved offensively Friday night. Cleveland went 8-0 against the Hornets when James scored 22 points or more, and 3-5 when he had 21 or fewer. The two-time reigning MVP missed Thursday with a deep bruise on his right shin, but expects to be in the lineup Friday. Miami routed Minnesota 129-97 on Tuesday behind Dwyane Wade's 26 points and 12-of-17 shooting. Wade knows Miami will have its hands full in New Orleans, where it is 2-8 since the Hornets relocated eight years ago. "Chris Paul is one of the best, if not the best, point guard in our league today, especially at picking you apart," he said. "He does a great job of making you commit to him because he's a scoring threat and also with the ability to throw it to (a teammate). It's not going to be an easy task at all." Paul leads the Hornets in scoring (21.3) and assists (9.0), and is adding 6.3 rebounds per game. He's led New Orleans to its third 4-0 start in five seasons. "We're a defensive team, we're still trying to find our identity," said Paul, who scored 25 points in Wednesday's 107-99 victory at Houston. "We're no where near where we want to be, but we know that every night we step on the court - if we defend, we give ourselves the opportunity to win." Despite the early success, first-year coach Monty Williams doesn't want his Hornets to get ahead of themselves. "It's good to start 4-0, but with 78 more games to go we're not going to be a team that allows our record to dictate how we play," he said. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   