Timberwolves-Nuggets Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Dec 18 2010 1:56AM Kevin Love is having one of the best rebounding seasons the NBA has seen in decades, but he has yet to help the Minnesota Timberwolves turn the corner defensively. A matchup with the Denver Nuggets isn't likely to expedite that process, either. Carmelo Anthony and the Nuggets look to put a controversial last-second loss behind them Saturday night with a visit from Love and the Timberwolves, who hope to avoid a 28th loss in their last 29 road games. Love is pulling down 15.6 rebounds per game, a pace that would give him the highest rebounding average from anyone other than Dennis Rodman since 1979-80. Even though Love has made the Timberwolves (6-21) the league's best rebounding club at 45.7 per game, they're among the NBA's worst defensive teams. Minnesota is giving up 109.7 points per game, 29th in the league. The Timberwolves are dead last on the road, where they allow an average of 112.4 points. They were victimized Friday by a breakout game from Portland's LaMarcus Aldridge. He scored 36 points - the most by a Minnesota opponent this season - in the Trail Blazers' 107-102 win, dropping the Timberwolves to 1-27 on the road since Feb. 24 despite 33 points from Michael Beasley and 17 rebounds from Love. Denver (15-10) had won 10 straight home games before San Antonio visited Thursday night. The Nuggets nearly extended their streak to 11, but Anthony's runner at the buzzer was waved off when Manu Ginobili stepped in to draw a charge, making Ginobili's own circus shot seconds earlier the difference in San Antonio's 113-112 victory. "It's a play that I think goes either way a lot," Nuggets coach George Karl said. "It seemed like the referees, they like to hit us with tough calls. It was a tough call. Good play. Good basketball. Melo made a great play. It's close. I've seen it called both ways." Karl was quick to warn his team about letting the tough loss linger. "We can't let it demoralize us and forget about Minnesota on Saturday," he said. Chauncey Billups missed his second straight game as he deals with a partially torn ligament in his right wrist. He isn't likely to return Saturday, but plans to test it during the morning shootaround before making a final decision. Offensively, the Nuggets have been just fine without Billups, who's shooting just 35.1 percent. Backup Ty Lawson is averaging 15.5 points in the four games he's started. Denver averages 107.1 points with Billups starting and 106.8 with Lawson running the show. The Timberwolves probably wouldn't mind seeing Billups miss another game. They've lost 12 of 13 in the series, and Billups has averaged 21.3 points the eight times he's faced Minnesota since coming over from Detroit. Kenyon Martin and Chris Andersen - both recovering from knee injuries - could return next week for Denver, but their absence should give Love an added edge on the glass. Minnesota might also be short-handed in the frontcourt. Starting center Darko Milicic hurt his ankle on the opening tip Friday and didn't return. His status is unknown. Martell Webster has certainly given Minnesota a boost in the backcourt. The former Trail Blazer, who made his Timberwolves debut Tuesday, has averaged 15.7 points in three games. He also has 12 turnovers since joining Minnesota, doing little to help the league's most careless club cut down on its 17.6 giveaways per game. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited