Hawks-Pistons Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Feb 24 2013 8:27PM Atlanta Hawks coach Larry Drew liked the poise his team showed in its latest game. Judging by their matchups with the Detroit Pistons this season, the Hawks might need that again to keep rolling on their longest road trip of the season. The Hawks seek their fifth victory in six games and a season-high fourth in a row away from home Monday night against the Pistons. Atlanta (31-23) trailed by as many as 10 points in the fourth quarter Saturday at Milwaukee before rallying for a 103-102 victory in the opener of a six-game trek. Al Horford hit the go-ahead shot with 5.9 seconds left and tied Jeff Teague for the scoring lead with 23 points. "We were able to maintain our composure, particularly in the second half," Drew said. "When we went down 10, we didn't panic. We came up with some big plays down the stretch." Devin Harris contributed 21 points while Josh Smith had 15 and 13 rebounds in his second game since a trade that would have sent him to the Bucks fell through. "Josh has been a super player for us," Drew said. "I'm glad he's still a Hawk." Atlanta couldn't come up with a big play at the end of its most recent game at Detroit on Jan. 4. Andre Drummond blocked Lou Williams' 20-footer at the buzzer to preserve the Pistons' 85-84 victory, snapping their three-game skid in the series. The Hawks also had a late shot by Horford changed from a 3-pointer to a two-point basket on replay. They've lost by one point in each of their last two trips to Detroit, and they went to overtime to earn their latest win there Jan. 27, 2012. Atlanta needed double OT for a 126-119 home victory over the Pistons on Dec. 26 after blowing a 22-point lead in the fourth quarter. Detroit, though, has dropped five of its last seven at home and was swept in back-to-back games against Central Division leader Indiana over the weekend. After getting blown out 114-82 in Indianapolis on Friday, the Pistons (22-36) got off to a poor start in a 90-72 home defeat the next evening. They had just nine points in the first quarter - the fewest by any NBA team in an opening period this season - and finished with their lowest point total of 2012-13. "Sometimes it's a domino effect. You start missing open shots, start pressing a little bit," coach Lawrence Frank said. "We just need to learn from it and grow and get better." Will Bynum had a team-best 15 points off the bench but also showed his frustration, getting ejected in the fourth quarter for striking Tyler Hansbrough. On Sunday, the league handed Bynum a one-game suspension, which is great news for the Hawks. He had a season-high 31 points in the double OT game in Atlanta earlier this season. Smith is averaging 21.7 points in his last 10 games against Detroit and will try to help the Hawks win four straight on the road for the first time since Jan. 27-Feb. 10, 2012. Horford has topped 20 points in five consecutive contests overall, but hasn't scored more than 18 in seven all-time appearances at the Palace of Auburn Hills. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited