Spurs-Suns Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Apr 13 2011 2:30AM Last season, the Phoenix Suns swept the San Antonio Spurs out of the playoffs. It's quite a different story this year. The Spurs are headed to the postseason as the Western Conference's top seed while the Suns are closing out a poor campaign Wednesday night at home. San Antonio (61-20) still has something to play for in its finale, since it's tied with Chicago for the best record in the NBA. If the teams are tied after Wednesday, a random draw will decide which team would have home-court advantage in a possible NBA finals meeting. It's unclear how important that is to San Antonio, which rested starters Tony Parker, Tim Duncan, Manu Ginobili and Antonio McDyess in Tuesday's 102-93 road loss to the Los Angeles Lakers. Coach Gregg Popovich, though, indicated that those players will all likely return against the Suns (39-42) in order to avoid any rust before the playoffs begin. "It's a back-to-back, and I'd rather play (Wednesday) and not have such a long time before the weekend," Popovich said. "(The reserves) got some experience. I'm happy with what they did." Richard Jefferson was the lone regular San Antonio starter to play. The Spurs kept the game close throughout, and were tied with 5:56 left. "I think it showed the character, the heart that we have, and we're a pretty deep team," guard George Hill said. "We tried to give the best effort we could, and that's all you can hope for. All of us thought we could win. That was our whole motive going into the game." Phoenix was a step away from reaching the finals last season after eliminating San Antonio in the conference semifinals. The Suns lost to the Lakers in six games, though, and after trading Amare Stoudemire to New York in the offseason will finish with their first losing record in seven years. The Spurs have won all three meetings with the Suns this season, limiting Phoenix to 33.3 percent shooting on 3-pointers. Jefferson has led the way with 19.0 points per game in the season series while Duncan has added averages of 17.7 points and 12.0 rebounds. San Antonio, which hasn't swept four regular-season meetings from Phoenix since 2003-04, has shot 50.2 percent against the Suns in 2010-11. Phoenix survived a poor defensive effort in Monday's 135-127 overtime win over Minnesota, which shot 54.7 percent and outrebounded the Suns 45-35. "Good win, but we weren't very good defensively," coach Alvin Gentry said. "Obviously, we gave up 65 points in the first half and they shot 62 percent." Channing Frye set a Suns regular-season single-game record with nine 3-pointers after going 1 for 10 over his previous three games. He finished with a career-high 33 points. "Tonight I'm just happy the ball went in," Frye said. "My teammates did a good job finding me." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited