Clippers-Cavaliers Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Feb 11 2011 12:29PM Considering the Los Angeles Clippers have more losses than anyone since moving to their current city 27 years ago, they are no strangers to being the NBA's laughingstock. These days, the Cleveland Cavaliers have that title all to themselves. In the midst of the longest losing streak in league history, the Cavaliers can set a major North American pro sports record with a 27th consecutive loss Friday night against Blake Griffin and the visiting Clippers. Griffin has finally offered Los Angeles (20-32) some long-term hope, a rarity for a franchise that's averaged 53 losses a season since moving up the coast from San Diego in 1984-85. That has come after the No. 1 overall pick in the 2009 draft missed his first season with a stress fracture in his left knee, but the Clippers knew they'd get their young superstar back. That's not the case in Cleveland, where the Cavaliers (8-45) have dropped 36 of 37 since beginning their first season without LeBron James at 7-9. Cleveland set an NBA mark for consecutive losses at 25 - breaking its own record from the early 1980s - by falling 99-96 at Dallas on Monday. It then tied the 1976-77 Tampa Bay Buccaneers for the longest skid in North American pro sports history with a 103-94 home defeat to Detroit on Wednesday. Coach Byron Scott, mostly stoic throughout the ongoing woes, let his team have it after its latest listless effort. "I'm mad as hell," Scott said. "I can deal with losing, especially when our guys play as hard as they have in the last couple weeks, but I find it very hard to deal with when guys don't come out ready to play." The Cavaliers had stayed within seven points in their previous four losses, but trailed by nine after one quarter Wednesday. "We had no sense of urgency whatsoever and that kind of amazes me," Scott said. "When we've lost as many in a row as we lost and when you've been as close as we've been in the last four or five games and to be at home and come out the way we came out - that amazes me." The Clippers had lost four in a row overall and seven straight on the road heading into Wednesday's visit to New York. Griffin had 21 points, which has rarely been enough to get Los Angeles a victory. However, the Clippers, who went 3-21 in the first 24 games Griffin failed to score 22 or more, got contributions from everyone at Madison Square Garden. Six players scored at least 16 points and Baron Davis added 16 assists in a 116-108 victory. "I think we had one of our most, one of our best overall games, with everybody contributing and everybody playing extremely well," Griffin said. Guard Eric Gordon and center Chris Kaman won't return prior to the All-Star break, but Los Angeles has found a decent fill-in for Gordon in Randy Foye. The former first-round pick has averaged 16.0 points as a starter since Gordon went down - he's averaging 7.5 on the season - and scored 17 of his season-high 24 in the fourth quarter Wednesday. The Clippers have lost eight straight overall to the Cavaliers and eight in a row in Cleveland. The Cavs are looking to get a boost from the return of point guard Mo Williams, who has been out since Jan. 15 with a hip injury. Williams will come off the bench Friday, though he averaged 13.6 points and 7.1 assists as a starter before getting hurt. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited