Wizards-Bucks Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Jan 18 2011 3:20PM The Washington Wizards haven't won a game away from the Verizon Center, but their play at home is providing them with some momentum as they leave the nation's capital again. The Wizards have won four straight home games heading into Wednesday night's visit to Milwaukee, where they'll try to beat the struggling Bucks and avoid a 20th consecutive road loss to open the season. Washington (12-27) was 11-8 at home and had won three straight there after a 98-95 victory over Toronto on Saturday, but none of those victories came against a team with a winning record. The Wizards finally got one Monday. Nick Young scored 25 points and John Wall had 19 and a season-high 15 assists in a 108-101 win over Utah, giving Washington its first back-to-back victories. "When we're home, we have so much more energy and focus. When we're away, we're in the game into the fourth quarter and we lose that focus," said big man Andray Blatche, who scored 21 points Monday but has averaged 11.7 points and shot 34.0 percent in his last three road games. The Wizards are off to the worst road start since the 1997-98 Denver Nuggets began 0-22, but could be on the verge of ending their drought. They've trailed by one, five, and four points, respectively, after three quarters in their last three road contests, although they went on to lose by double digits each time. "I think we've been in every game. Somehow, we don't finish it. Just make a ton of mistakes in the fourth quarter," forward Rashard Lewis said. A matchup with Milwaukee (14-24) should give the Wizards a decent chance to earn that elusive first road win. The Bucks have lost three straight and six of seven, and at 8-9 are one of seven teams with a losing record at home. Wall has certainly been doing his part to give Washington a shot at ending its road woes, averaging 18.3 points and 9.8 assists in his last four away games. As good as Wall has been on the road lately, Young has struggled. He's averaged 26.1 points and shot 50.9 percent in nine home games since joining the starting lineup, but has scored 13.2 points per game and shot 37.0 percent in six road contests. The Bucks are waiting to get Brandon Jennings back from a broken foot - coach Scott Skiles doesn't expect him to return to practice this week - and they continue to struggle offensively. Milwaukee was held to less than 85 points for the second time in three games Monday at Houston, losing 93-84. "For some reason, we had no energy," said center Andrew Bogut, who's averaged 10.8 points since Jennings has been out - 3.8 fewer than he was averaging before he went down. "It was looking like everybody was tired. It looked like we were just worn out." The Bucks and Wizards split four meetings last season - each winning once on the other's home court. Bogut made a big difference in Milwaukee's victories, averaging 17.0 points and 5.0 blocks. John Salmons could give the Bucks an additional boost, as he's scored 19.8 points a game in his last six against the Wizards. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited