Hawks-Magic Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Dec 06 2010 12:40PM With key players missing, both the Atlanta Hawks and Orlando Magic struggled in their last games. However, the Magic at least have a chance to get some players back when they host the Hawks on Monday night. Orlando (15-5) had only eight players active before its game against Milwaukee on Saturday after Dwight Howard, Jameer Nelson, J.J. Redick and Mickael Pietrus were sent home because of a stomach virus. Ryan Anderson also didn't play because of a sprained foot. The short-handed Magic struggled against the Bucks, losing 96-85 to snap a six-game winning streak. Their starting frontcourt of Quentin Richardson, Rashard Lewis and Marcin Gortat combined to make 13 of 35 shots while Orlando fell well shy of the 99.3 points it came in averaging. "We don't look at this as an excuse for tonight's game," Richardson, who scored 16 points, told the Magic's official website. "We know we're a deep team and have at least one other player at each position that could possibly start on any other NBA team." Coach Stan Van Gundy said the team is "optimistic" that Howard, Redick and Pietrus will play after they participated in the morning shootaround while Nelson is expected to sit out. Howard, Nelson and Pietrus all missed Orlando's 104-91 win at Detroit on Friday. It could be tough to keep Howard on the bench against the Hawks, who he's averaged 22.0 points and 16.8 rebounds against in the last six meetings. While Orlando has struggled to put together a healthy lineup the last two games, it may still be in better position than Atlanta (13-8), which expects to be without star guard Joe Johnson for four to six weeks after he underwent arthroscopic elbow surgery Thursday. After winning their first two games without their best player, the Hawks lost 89-77 to Miami on Saturday, snapping a five-game winning streak with their third road loss in 10 games. Atlanta will need someone to make up the team-leading 17.1 points and 5.2 assists Johnson was averaging. Al Horford had 22 points on 10 of 11 shooting, but the rest of the team shot 31.9 percent. Horford was pleased to see his team attempt to rally from a 17-point deficit, outscoring the Heat 25-13 in the third quarter. "It is disappointing but I'm proud of the way the guys hung in there," he said. "We were down big in the first half but we kept fighting. We just couldn't pull it off tonight." Making up a big deficit against Orlando would be just as tough. The Magic swept the Hawks out of the playoffs last spring, winning the four games by an average of 25.3 points. They then won the first regular season matchup, 93-89 on Nov. 8. The loss was Atlanta's sixth straight in Orlando. The Hawks haven't won on the road against the Magic since a 99-85 victory Oct. 29, 2008, averaging 85.3 points in those six losses. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited