Spurs-Lakers Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Feb 02 2011 11:43AM The San Antonio Spurs couldn't stop a young big man in their last game. It's uncertain which starting center they'll face when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers. The Spurs look to rebound from a rare loss Thursday night at Staples Center, where the Lakers could be without Andrew Bynum for a second straight contest. Opening a season-high nine-game trip Tuesday, San Antonio (40-8) was denied a fourth consecutive victory, losing 99-86 to Portland. Tim Duncan had 15 points and seven rebounds and DeJuan Blair posted his second consecutive game with 14 points and 12 boards, but the Spurs frontcourt could not contain LaMarcus Aldridge. The Trail Blazers forward scored a career-high 40 points and received a handshake from Spurs coach Gregg Popovich afterward. "I think we held him to 40," Popovich joked. "I stopped counting after a while." The Lakers (34-15) were counting on Bynum to remain in the starting lineup after he missed the first 24 games following offseason right knee surgery, but the oft-injured center suffered another setback as an MRI on Tuesday revealed a bone bruise on his left knee. "I'm not so sure it's just going to be one game, but it's a game-by-game decision," coach Phil Jackson said prior to a 114-106 overtime victory over Houston on Tuesday. "It's a bone bruise, and sometimes those things take more than one game." If Bynum is out, Lamar Odom will likely start again. Making his first start since scoring nine points with eight rebounds in a 97-82 loss at San Antonio on Dec. 28, Odom had 20 points with a season-high 20 boards versus the Rockets. "He's been doing that for us all year," said Kobe Bryant, averaging 54.0 percent shooting over the last seven games. "People forget how well he was playing when Drew was down. He's capable of doing that and stepping in and having huge games like this." So is Pau Gasol, who had 26 points and 16 rebounds to help the Lakers avoid a third straight home loss. His 20 field-goal attempts were his most since shooting 22 times against Toronto on Nov. 5. "I've just got to be more aggressive," said Gasol, following Bryant's advice to be "more selfish." "I've got to be more involved. If I'm not, I can't contribute, can't live up to my potential." Gasol and the Lakers didn't do that in the Dec. 28 loss to the Spurs. Gasol scored nine points, Bryant had 21 on 8-of-27 shooting - missing 13 straight at one point - and Los Angeles made a season-low 35.4 percent from the field. The Lakers, who open a seven-game trip Saturday, have fared much better at home against the Spurs, winning five of seven. San Antonio, though, snapped a four-game road skid in the series with a 100-81 victory April 4 to clinch its 13th consecutive playoff berth. With Tony Parker sidelined with a broken ring finger in that matchup, Manu Ginobili scored 32 and Duncan added 24 points and 11 rebounds. The Spurs posted their most lopsided road win over the Lakers since a 110-82 victory in Game 6 of the 2003 Western Conference semifinals. The last time San Antonio lost two in a row was Jan. 4-5. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited