Raptors-Celtics Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Nov 25 2010 1:38PM The Boston Celtics will see a different Toronto Raptors squad than it did just five days ago. They hope the result will be different, too. Boston hosts Toronto on Friday night looking to end the new-look Raptors' four-game winning streak and avenge its last defeat in the process. The Celtics, however, may have to do it without Rajon Rondo, who sat out his third straight game Wednesday with a strained hamstring. Depth behind the star point guard took a hit as well when Delonte West broke his right wrist in the 89-83 win against New Jersey. "It's going to be a long time. Let's put it that way," coach Doc Rivers said of West's injury. If Rondo can't go, Nate Robinson and Marquis Daniels are expected to share the point guard duties. With Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen struggling to find their scoring touch, the Celtics (11-4) leaned on 38-year-old Shaquille O'Neal to provide the spark against the Nets. O'Neal scored 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds, going 9 for 10 from the field. It was his first 25-point game since scoring 26 on March 18, 2009, while playing for Phoenix - a stretch of 76 games. He's averaging 13.3 points and 7.4 rebounds over his last seven games. "I know people appreciate my hard work," O'Neal said. "This is a great team. Best team I've been on. We've got a lot, a lot of weapons. Anybody on this team can be the leading scorer." Garnett tied a season low with eight points and Allen was held under 20 for the sixth consecutive game, which hasn't happened since Dec. 3-18 when he failed to reach that mark in seven straight. "I told him he looked like the 2000 Shaq," Garnett said. "He definitely was the target tonight. We rode him." O'Neal scored only eight points against the Raptors in a 102-101 loss Sunday in Toronto. Amir Johnson hit two free throws with 2.7 seconds left and Andrea Bargnani scored 29 points for the Raptors before Pierce's last-second shot rimmed out. The win snapped an eight-game losing streak against Boston, and the Raptors are looking to beat the Celtics in two straight for the first time since the 2006-07 season. Jerryd Bayless and Peja Stojakovic made their team debuts Wednesday as the Raptors (6-9) won their fourth straight, 106-90 against Philadelphia. Bayless scored 13 points in nearly 15 minutes, and Stojakovic scored seven in just over 6 minutes. They were acquired from New Orleans on Saturday. "It's great just being able to play," Bayless told the Raptors' official website. "I'm taking good shots, that's the thing. Just being able to run this team and to be able to get other people going is something that I love to do." Reggie Evans had a career-high 22 rebounds and a season-best 12 points. "I was just doing what I normally do, that was the main thing," Evans said. "I really don't want to focus on the career high. I just do what my team wants me to do." His team is playing its best basketball of the season after a 1-7 start. However, Boston has won 12 of the last 14 meetings in the series. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited