Wizards-Hornets Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Feb 01 2011 1:02AM While an injury to center Emeka Okafor might have the New Orleans Hornets feeling a bit discouraged, a home game against the Washington Wizards should improve their spirits. After back-to-back road losses, the Hornets look to get back on track Tuesday night against the Wizards, who are inching closer to the worst road start in NBA history. Okafor, sixth in the league in rebounding at 10.1 per game, left Saturday's 104-102 loss to Phoenix just before halftime with a strained oblique muscle. Okafor, who had 17 points and 15 rebounds in the Hornets' 92-81 win at Washington on New Year's Day, has been ruled out for this contest, ending his consecutive games streak at 306. When Okafor left against the Suns, New Orleans (31-18) began to struggle with its interior defense. The Hornets yielded 42 points in the paint and allowed Phoenix backup center Marcin Gortat to score a career-high 25. "We have to play smarter," coach Monty Williams said. "There are a couple of guys on our team that just have no idea what we're doing and it's costing us possessions. It puts our starting group and the guys that are playing hard and smart in a tough spot and I'm going to have to fix it. I'm going to have to sit some guys until they learn how to play the game the right way." Chris Paul had team highs of 26 points and 12 assists for the Hornets, who were coming off a loss Saturday in Sacramento that snapped their winning streak at 10. New Orleans, which hasn't dropped three straight games since Dec. 10-13, appears likely to avoid another such skid with the Wizards coming to town. The Hornets have the league's fifth-best home record at 19-5, and are 10-1 against Eastern Conference teams at the New Orleans Arena. They've won their last five there overall, including victories over NBA-best San Antonio, and fellow contenders Oklahoma City and Orlando. Washington (13-34) has lost all 24 of its road games, the third-worst start away from home in NBA history. Dallas holds the record, dropping its first 29 on the road in 1992-93. "You think about it every time you lose a game," rookie John Wall said. "You're disappointed and you've got to move on. We've got one more road game tomorrow (Tuesday), and I think we're close to getting a win. We've got to learn how to finish and make the plays down the stretch." This contest concludes a four-game trip for the Wizards, who fell 102-92 Monday at Dallas for their fifth straight defeat overall. They trailed by four points with just over 2 minutes remaining, but allowed seven of the game's final eight points. Wall, who had 17 points and 10 assists Monday, had 12 points and 10 assists against the Hornets a month ago but also turned the ball over eight times. Paul contributed heavily to Wall's troubles, finishing with a season-best seven steals. Paul also had 13 points and 11 assists in that game, while Trevor Ariza had a season-best 22 points for New Orleans. The Hornets have won four of the last five meetings with the Wizards. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited