Hornets-Wizards Preview By MATT BROWN Posted Dec 31 2010 8:53PM The New Orleans Hornets finally ended their road losing streak. Given who their next opponent is, stringing together a pair of wins appears to be a distinct possibility. The Hornets seek to record back-to-back road victories over the holiday weekend as they visit the last-place Washington Wizards on Saturday night. New Orleans (19-14) had dropped seven straight and nine of 10 away from home entering a Friday visit to Eastern Conference-leading Boston. Taking advantage of a Celtics club playing without injured stars Kevin Garnett and Rajon Rondo, the Hornets halted their slide with an 83-81 victory. David West scored four of his 19 points in the final minute, Chris Paul had 20 points and 11 assists, and Emeka Okafor added 18 points with 13 rebounds as New Orleans avoided a fifth loss in seven games overall. "We've just got to build on this one," West said of the team's first road victory since Nov. 26 at Portland. "This is a good win for us. We haven't won on the road in a while. It just feels good to get one." West and the Hornets appear to have a good shot at getting two wins in less than 36 hours. The Wizards (8-23) continue to flounder, having lost four of five and 15 of 18 since Thanksgiving. Washington has yet to record consecutive wins in 2010-11. The Wizards had their eighth opportunity to do so Friday at slumping Indiana, but shot 38.8 percent from the field and turned the ball over 22 times en route to a 95-86 defeat. Washington has shot 40 percent or lower in each of its last four losses. The Wizards can more than relate to the Hornets' recent struggles away from home. They are the NBA's lone remaining winless road team, falling to 0-16 after the defeat to the Pacers. They've actually played respectable ball at home, posting an 8-7 mark at the Verizon Center. "It seems that at home we play with a lot more urgency and aggressiveness, and on the road, we seem to come out passive," coach Flip Saunders said. "I love the way our crowd gets us into the start of the game, but we just don't seem to come out with the same passion on the road." Rookie star John Wall, who will face New Orleans for the first time, had a game-high 25 points - his most in four contests since returning from right knee tendinitis - in Friday's loss but also committed seven turnovers. "I just wanted to get into a rhythm. It felt good early, but I don't like to shoot a lot," explained Wall, who returned to the starting lineup following three games as a reserve. "I like to get my teammates the ball to spread the offense." The Wizards won the most recent meeting between these teams, 96-91 in New Orleans on March 31, but the Hornets had taken the previous three. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited