Bulls-Wizards Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Dec 22 2010 12:24AM The Washington Wizards didn't seem to need new acquisition Rashard Lewis nor No. 1 overall draft pick John Wall in their most recent victory. Facing the Central Division-leading Chicago Bulls, they may need all the help they can get. Lewis is expected to make his Wizards debut Wednesday night when Chicago visits Washington. Looking to build around Wall and rid themselves of the injury-plagued and problematic Gilbert Arenas, the Wizards acquired Lewis from Orlando for Arenas on Saturday. Lewis and Wall both sat out Monday's 108-75 win against Charlotte, but Nick Young scored 21 points to shoulder the scoring load. The victory snapped a seven-game losing streak and gave the Wizards (7-19) only their second win in 13 games. "I can't remember too many games like this," coach Flip Saunders said. "As I said to our players, if you execute, you can still score a lot of points." Though Lewis was averaging only 12.2 points for the Magic - his fewest since 1999-2000 with Seattle - Washington hopes to use his versatility to make up for the production of Arenas and Wall, who hasn't played since Dec. 10 because of a bone bruise and is expected to sit out again Wednesday. "He's very professional and he's going to be extremely motivated," Saunders said of Lewis. "We're going to try and use him a little bit how he was used in Seattle - move him around, let him play a couple of positions and run some plays for him. It's one of his positives. You can move him around." Kirk Hinrich, who played his first seven seasons with Chicago, had his second straight double-double Monday with 18 points and 11 assists in his fourth straight start in place of Wall. He'll likely be matched up against Derrick Rose, who has helped the Bulls to eight wins in their last nine and is sixth in the NBA with 24.3 points per game. Rose and Luol Deng each scored 22 points Tuesday in Chicago's 121-76 rout of Philadelphia. It was the Bulls' most lopsided victory since beating Memphis 111-66 on Jan. 13, 2007. "There was not much not to like," coach Tom Thibodeau said. "We came out from the start with great energy. The shots went down for us early. Defensively we did a good job with body position and getting back challenging shots." It was the second game for Chicago (17-9) without Joakim Noah (thumb surgery), and Taj Gibson sat out with a concussion suffered in Saturday's loss to the Los Angeles Clippers, but Carlos Boozer picked up the slack inside with 16 points and 11 rebounds. The Bulls, who led by as many as 51, continued their vast improvement from last season, when they were 10-16 at this point. Chicago hasn't started this well since it was also 17-9 in 1997-98, eventually winning the NBA championship in Michael Jordan's final season with the club. The Bulls beat the Wizards 103-96 on Nov. 13 behind 24 points from Rose, giving Chicago its sixth win in the last eight meetings with Washington. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited