Kings-Spurs Preview By PAUL DIGIACOMO Posted Jan 19 2012 6:48PM After allowing their most points in over a year earlier this week, the San Antonio Spurs shut down their last opponent. They may be able to have a similar result against the next team they face. San Antonio looks to extend its winning streak over the poor-shooting Sacramento Kings to 13 on Friday night when it begins a stretch of four games in six days. The Southwest Division-leading Spurs (10-5) had their three-game winning streak snapped with a 120-98 loss at Miami on Tuesday night. It was their most points given up since falling 128-115 at New York on Jan. 4, 2011. San Antonio bounced back the next night, holding Orlando to its second-lowest point total of the season in an 85-83 overtime win. Tony Parker scored 25 points - 16 in the fourth quarter and overtime - to help give the Spurs their first road victory in six tries. "We wanted to come here and try to play well and have an opportunity to win the game," said Parker, who's averaging 18.5 points and 7.5 assists in 10 games since Manu Ginobili was lost to a broken hand. "I'm happy it bounced our way finally." The Spurs held the Magic to 33.3 percent shooting, a season low for an opponent. "It took every minute of that game and we couldn't make shots at the right time, but we continued to make stops, continued to push," forward Tim Duncan said. San Antonio now gets to face a Kings team it has dominated over the past few seasons, and Sacramento is coming off another poor shooting performance, although it was during a win. The Kings (5-10) made 30.1 percent of their field-goal attempts Wednesday night in beating Indiana 92-88, rallying from 14 points down in the fourth quarter. Sacramento made more free throws (12) in the final period than the Pacers scored points (eight). "I don't know how we did it, but this group has some resilience," coach Keith Smart told the NBA's official website. "They fought, they found a lineup that worked, they got us back in the game and then they closed it out." Wednesday's effort came two games after the Kings shot a season-low 25.6 percent in a 99-60 loss at Dallas on Saturday. "It was good for us to get this win even though we shot such a bad percentage," said Francisco Garcia, who came off the bench to score a season-best 16 points - half on free throws. "But we're not going to keep shooting like that." Sacramento is shooting an NBA-worst 38.9 percent and is near the bottom of the league with 90.3 points per game. The Kings are shooting 37.5 percent and averaging 84.5 points in going 1-7 on the road, and they'll be facing a Spurs squad that is the last team in the Western Conference without a home loss. San Antonio has held opponents to 42.8 percent shooting and an average of 90.3 points in winning all nine games on its own floor. The Spurs have outscored the Kings by an average of 13.8 points and held them to 43.6 percent shooting in winning nine straight at home in the series, taking 28 of the last 34 meetings overall. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited