Raptors-Rockets Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Dec 30 2010 2:00PM Not many teams could find positives from a loss that ended a five-game winning streak, but the Houston Rockets are still feeling pretty good about themselves. The Rockets look to bounce back from a loss to one of the NBA's elite teams as they try for a fourth straight home win over the short-handed Toronto Raptors on Friday night. Houston (15-16) missed a chance to move above .500 for the first time this season after suffering a 125-119 loss to Miami on Wednesday. The Rockets, who held four of their previous five opponents below 95 points, allowed a season-worst 58.1 percent shooting to a Heat team which has won 16 of 17. "I hope at this point we've proven to ourselves that we can compete with anybody when we do the things we talk about," forward Shane Battier said. "If we continue to do the things we've been doing thing past month we'll be ok." A bright spot Wednesday was Houston scoring more points against Miami than any other opponent this season. Five Rockets scored in double figures, led by Luis Scola with 20 points on 10-of-20 shooting. The rest of the team shot 39.7 percent. "We weren't as sharp as we wanted to be," said Kevin Martin, who had 21 points and four steals. "But we got beat by five points by a pretty good team. It was a good test of where we're at right now and we are still confident." Houston has averaged 108.3 points over its last nine games. It had 29 assists and matched a season low with seven turnovers Wednesday. Toronto also is coming off a game against one of the league's top teams but came away with a surprising road win, 84-76 over Dallas on Tuesday - albeit the Mavericks were without Dirk Nowitzki. The Raptors (11-20) were missing some key players as well and got held below 90 points for the second straight game, but a balanced effort offensively and a solid defensive night helped them end a three-game losing streak. Rookie Ed Davis set career highs with 17 points and 12 rebounds, while Linas Kleiza and DeMar DeRozan each added 16 points. Five players scored in double figures. "It was a great team effort," guard Jerryd Bayless said. "I think everyone did their job." Already depleted by injuries, Toronto lost Bayless in the fourth quarter to an ankle problem. Jose Calderon didn't start after injuring his left ankle the previous game. The Raptors also were without Andrea Bargnani (strained calf), Reggie Evans (fractured foot), Sonny Weems (back spasms) and Peja Stojakovic (swollen knee). Weems, Calderon and Bayless are all day to-day, while Amir Johnson (back spasms) and Leandro Barbosa (bruised knee) are game-time decisions. Bargnani, Evans and Stojakovic did not join the team on its three-game road trip, which ends Friday. Bargnani had one of his best games of the season against Houston on Nov. 19, scoring 26 points in a 106-96 home victory. Martin led the Rockets with 31 points. The Raptors have lost three straight in Houston, all by double digits. They are looking to sweep the season series for the first time since 2005-06. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited