Kings-Celtics Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 12 2011 1:35AM Despite their defensive struggles recently, the Boston Celtics aren't going to rush Kevin Garnett back from a calf injury even as they try to avoid losing a season-high third straight game. They may not need him right away. Garnett is expected to sit out again Wednesday night when the Celtics go for their seventh straight victory over the Sacramento Kings, losers of 11 straight on the road. Boston (28-9) is coming off a pair of lackluster efforts at Chicago and against Houston. After shooting 37.8 percent in a 90-79 loss to the Bulls on Saturday, the Celtics returned home and fell 108-102 to the Rockets on Monday, allowing them to shoot 52.7 percent. It was the highest shooting percentage by a team visiting TD Garden since Memphis shot 55.0 percent in a 111-91 victory on March 10. Before the losses, Boston had won four straight. "These games mean a lot," said Paul Pierce, who scored 16 against the Rockets. "We have to put our hard hats on and take advantage of it. It has to come from everybody. They have to look at themselves and ask themselves, 'Are we giving enough as a team?'" Garnett has missed the last seven games with a calf injury, but the Celtics are 4-3 without him. Coach Doc Rivers told the team's official website that Garnett, who is averaging 15.0 points and 9.5 rebounds, is unlikely to return Wednesday. "He's close, very close, but you know how I am with that," Rivers said. "I think he wants to play, I'll put it that way. I just don't think he should play yet." Rivers also said Garnett's absence isn't the reason his team has given up more than 100 points in three of the last four games. For the season, the Celtics are allowing 91.8. "Defensively, you can see guys jogging back," Rivers said. "Very few talks or points." Boston has held the Kings to an average of 81.3 points over the last six meetings, and Sacramento (8-27) comes in with the league's second-worst record behind Cleveland. The Kings dropped their 11th straight on the road, including the first two games of a six-game trip after falling 136-133 in overtime to Washington on Tuesday. Francisco Garcia scored a season-high 26 points along with Beno Udrih, and Carl Landry added a season-high 23. "It was quite exciting - if you like offense," coach Paul Westphal said. "Neither team could stop the other one. There were wild spurts both ways, wild swings, and a lot of shot-making." Kings opponents are averaging 116.0 points on 52.5-percent shooting over the last four games. They have also allowed teams to shoot 42.2 percent from 3-point range during that stretch. Tyreke Evans missed Tuesday's game with a sprained left ankle. The reigning rookie of the year also sat out Sunday 118-112 loss to Toronto and is doubtful for Wednesday. Evans averages a team-high 17.2 points per game. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited