Timberwolves-Celtics Preview By MATT BROWN Posted Jan 02 2011 10:56PM The Minnesota Timberwolves won't have the pleasure of another reunion with Kevin Garnett in this season's visit to Boston, but the return to health of another Celtics star could ensure their pain in this series continues. With Rajon Rondo back on the court, the Eastern Conference-leading Celtics look to beat the Timberwolves for the eighth consecutive time Monday night. The Celtics' seven-game winning streak in this series includes all six meetings since acquiring Garnett from Minnesota before the 2007-08 season. Garnett won't play Monday due to a right leg injury expected to sideline him for two weeks, but it may not matter. He's sat out two of Boston's wins over the Timberwolves since the trade, and averaged a modest 12.3 points the four times he did play. Rondo had 13 points and 15 assists the last time these teams met, a 122-104 home victory for Boston on Dec. 20, 2009. The point guard returned to the lineup Sunday following a seven-game absence due to a sprained left ankle. His four points matched a season low, but he also had eight assists in the 93-79 win at Toronto to help the Celtics (25-7) avoid a three-game losing streak. "With him, because he knows everything we run, we were back into running stuff we'd basically put into hibernation while he was out," coach Doc Rivers said. "You just see how comfortable Paul (Pierce) and Ray (Allen) were." Allen had 23 points while Pierce looked especially comfortable, scoring a game-high 30 and shooting 10 of 15 from the floor - including 3 for 3 from 3-point range. "Rondo is always the difference when you've got him on the court," Pierce said. "I really couldn't tell he'd been out for seven games. He was a floor general out there, he got guys in the right spots." Boston should be wary of looking past the Timberwolves (9-25), who are playing their best ball of the season right now. Minnesota has won three of four after Saturday's 103-88 home victory over New Jersey. Defense could be the key for the Wolves, who are allowing a league-high 108.9 points per game but improved to 7-1 when giving up fewer than 100. They broke open a close game by outscoring the Nets 23-9 in the third quarter, then limited New Jersey to 24 points over the final 12 minutes. "That's how we've got to play," said Darko Milicic, who had 16 points on 8-of-9 shooting. "The first half we didn't show up. Thirty-three points for two quarters, that's great defense." The top offensive force was Kevin Love, who had 23 points and 10 rebounds for his 20th consecutive double-double. Love had 15 points and 11 boards in Minnesota's last trip to Boston. Wolves point guard Jonny Flynn missed Friday night's victory due to a sprained right ankle. He returned to practice and made the trip to Boston, but remains listed as day to day. The Celtics are 5-3 when playing the second game of a back-to-back, and 20-4 in all other contests. Boston hosts NBA-leading San Antonio on Wednesday. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited