
 Pistons-Trail Blazers Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Nov 08 2010 10:35PM After a rough start, the Detroit Pistons have strung together consecutive victories. Continuing that success against the Portland Trail Blazers could be difficult. The Pistons try to avoid a fifth straight loss to the Trail Blazers on Tuesday night at the Rose Garden as they open a four-game western road trip. Detroit (2-5) lost its first five games before posting home wins over Charlotte and Golden State. Richard Hamilton scored 27 points and Rodney Stuckey overcame a tumultuous five-day stretch to add 21 with nine assists in Sunday's 102-97 win over the Warriors. The Pistons look to carry their recent success over to the road where they are 0-3 this season. Detroit finished 10-21 away from home in 2009-10, including a 3-12 mark versus the Western Conference. "When you are going to the West Coast, it is always important to have a good performance in your last home game," coach John Kuester said. "Two in a row feels good when we are heading west." It should help provide some momentum for a stop in Portland, where the Pistons have averaged 86.0 points while losing three in a row. They've also dropped four straight overall in the series while failing to score more than 93 points in any of those games. Stuckey has totaled 41 points in his last two games against the Trail Blazers. He scored 21 in an 87-81 loss at Portland last Nov. 18. The point guard went 7 of 15 from the field Sunday in his return to the starting lineup. Stuckey was benched for most of the second half Wednesday at Atlanta after he ignored Kuester, then didn't play at all Friday against the Bobcats. "It's done," Kuester said. "We've moved on." Hamilton has totaled 43 points in his last two games after missing the previous two with a foot injury. He made 10 of 17 shots against the Warriors after going 15 of 41 during his previous four contests. "Rip's a shooter, and he's going to go out there and shoot each and every game," Stuckey said. "We all knew he was going to get it going." Hamilton had 25 points and nine assists in a 97-93 home loss to Portland on Jan. 23. After starting 3-0, the Trail Blazers have lost three of five including a 121-96 defeat to the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday. Leading scorers Brandon Roy (20.3 points per game) and LaMarcus Aldridge (18.3 ppg) were held to eight apiece. "We got a lot we got to work on," coach Nate McMillan told the Blazers' official website. The Trail Blazers should have a good chance to bounce back against the struggling Pistons. Three of Portland's victories have come against Toronto, Milwaukee and the Clippers, teams with a combined 4-17 record. Andre Miller had 20 points against the Lakers but has averaged 10.7 in three home games this season. Roy and Aldridge each scored 20 in the last year's home victory over the Pistons. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   