Jazz-Pacers Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Feb 25 2011 4:26PM The Utah Jazz are on the verge of matching a season-high six-game losing streak. They hope their new-look roster can help them avoid doing so Friday night. With Devin Harris and Derrick Favors expected to make their Jazz debuts, Utah visits a hot Indiana Pacers team that's seeking its third straight win. After shipping star point guard Deron Williams to New Jersey in exchange for Harris, Favors, two first-round draft picks and cash Wednesday, Utah (31-27) lost 118-99 at Dallas that night. The Jazz's fifth consecutive defeat dropped them to 0-4 under coach Tyrone Corbin. Williams averaged 21.3 points and 9.7 assists with Utah this season. "There are no excuses because guys are out of the lineup." Corbin told the team's official website. "We've got five guys on the floor, they play with five, and those out there on the floor have got to play the whole time they're out there. We just have to be better at finishing the game." Having Harris, averaging 15.0 points and a career-best 7.6 assists, and Favors on the floor could help Utah do so. The new players will look to mesh with big men Al Jefferson, who had 30 points and eight rebounds Wednesday, and Paul Millsap, who had 18 points and nine boards. The Jazz, losers of 14 of 18, are averaging 93.8 points - 5.6 fewer than their season mark - during their five-game skid. "Nobody else is going to feel sorry for us," Corbin said. "These guys, and most teams in the league, if you show them any weakness, they'll bury you. We don't want to be embarrassed." Utah, which has lost eight of 10 on the road, is a half-game out of the final playoff spot in the Western Conference. The Pacers are clinging to eighth place in the East, but Indiana continued to put up wins Wednesday despite blowing a 16-point second-half lead to Detroit and trailing by one with time running out. Brandon Rush came through for Indiana, delivering the winning dunk with 5.4 seconds to go. "They're not all going to be pretty," interim coach Frank Vogel said after the Pacers improved to 9-3 under him. "Sometimes you have to grind it out and get the 'W.'" Indiana went 6 of 33 from 3-point range but earned the victory in large part because of reserve Tyler Hansbrough. The forward had 21 points and a season high-tying 12 rebounds - eight offensive. "He's really coming on, nobody in the NBA plays harder than Tyler Hansbrough, nobody," Vogel said. "That just wins a lot of games of you." Danny Granger, averaging a team-best 21.0 points, was held to 14 during a 110-88 loss at Utah on Dec. 1. Williams had 24 points and 16 assists. The Pacers have dropped five of the last six matchups, their only win in that span coming March 26 by a 122-106 score behind Granger's career-high 44 points. Rush, likely to start again in place of the injured Mike Dunleavy, has gone 6 of 9 from beyond the arc over the last two meetings with the Jazz. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited