Thunder-Nuggets Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Apr 04 2011 3:34PM The Northwest Division title won't be decided Tuesday night at the Pepsi Center, but the outcome between the Oklahoma City Thunder and Denver Nuggets could go a long way toward determining the winner. In the first of two meetings in four days, the Thunder look to open up a four-game division lead while the second-place Nuggets try to cut their deficit to two. Oklahoma City (50-26) and Denver (47-29) each have six games remaining. Two of those contests are against one another, with the teams meeting again Friday in Oklahoma City. Both clubs have a game in between, with the Thunder hosting the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday and the Nuggets visiting Dallas that night. Oklahoma City can clinch the division by winning those two remaining games against Denver, but the Nuggets could also be right on the Thunder's heels if they're victorious in the final two meetings. The division winner would get home-court advantage in a first-round playoff series - likely against one another. Oklahoma City is in fourth place in the Western Conference, 2 1/2 games back of third-place Dallas, while fifth-place Denver owns a 2 1/2-game lead over sixth-place Portland. Home court is extremely important to both teams. The Thunder have taken eight of nine in Oklahoma City and the Nuggets are riding a 10-game winning streak in Denver. The clubs have split the first two meetings, each winning at home. They last played Jan. 19, a 112-107 Nuggets victory, their seventh straight home win over the Oklahoma City franchise since a 100-97 loss to the Seattle SuperSonics on March 28, 2007. Denver hopes to carry over some momentum from a 95-90 win over the surging Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday, its sixth consecutive victory. "It's a big win," point guard Raymond Felton told NBA.com. "You hear Lakers, you hear Dallas, certain teams. But you have to talk about the Nuggets, too." Danilo Gallinari had a team-high 22 points while Kenyon Martin scored six of his 18 in the final 3:24 for Denver, which is 15-4 since trading Carmelo Anthony and Chauncey Billups to New York on Feb. 21. "It helps us a lot as a young team," forward Wilson Chandler said of beating a Lakers club competing for first place in the West. "It helps us build confidence and trust each other and it helps us be grounded when the game is tight at the end." While the Nuggets are looking to build on an impressive victory, the Thunder are hoping to put a discouraging 98-92 loss to the Clippers behind them. Kevin Durant had 23 points, but Russell Westbrook shot 1 of 12 and finished with nine points, his fewest since scoring eight in a loss to San Antonio on New Year's Day. Oklahoma City has averaged 91.5 points in losing its last two games after averaging 109.4 while winning the previous five. "We can't panic," Durant told the Thunder's official website. "We've lost two in a row but we're still at the top of the division." Durant is the league leader with 27.7 points a game, but the two-time All-Star has averaged 20.5 points and 34.4 percent shooting in his last two contests in Denver. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited