Bobcats-Celtics Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Mar 24 2011 4:02PM The Boston Celtics feel they need to do a better job of getting leading scorer Paul Pierce involved. The Charlotte Bobcats, meanwhile, aren't sure what to expect from their leading scorer, Stephen Jackson. The Celtics will try to improve to 22-0 at home against Eastern Conference opponents Friday night when they meet the Bobcats, who could be without Jackson. Boston (50-20) suffered a 90-87 home loss to Memphis on Wednesday. Pierce scored 22 points, but Celtics coach Doc Rivers was not happy that he took only 10 shots. Pierce has taken 10 shots or fewer in six of the last nine games for the Celtics during a 4-5 stretch that has dropped them one game behind Chicago for the top seed in the East. "As a whole, our team has to get back to understanding that Paul is pretty good," Rivers said. "And he's got to get more touches in games." More evidence of Rivers' claim can be seen in the fact that point guard Rajon Rondo has more shot attempts (91) than Pierce (89) in the last nine games. Rondo is shooting 30.8 percent in that span, and was 2 of 12 for six points Wednesday, although he had 11 assists and 11 rebounds. At least the Celtics know that Pierce will be healthy and available. Jackson is listed as day to day due to a left hamstring problem that was evident in a 111-88 home loss to Indiana on Wednesday. Jackson was held to 11 points and didn't have a field goal after the first quarter due to the injury. An MRI on Thursday revealed no tear in the hamstring that has caused him to miss four games this month. Charlotte forward Tyrus Thomas is also day to day with bruised ribs. The Bobcats (28-42) have lost four straight and 10 of 12 to drop into a ninth-place tie in the East, three games behind the Pacers for the conference's final playoff spot. "I'm not going to let them lay down and quit," coach Paul Silas said. "That's not going to happen." Quitting was what Silas indicated Boris Diaw did Wednesday. Diaw, Charlotte's third-leading scorer, was yanked in the third quarter after passing up a shot in the lane for a behind-the-head pass that was intercepted and led to a basket on the other end. Diaw never returned after playing 24 minutes without attempting a shot. "I just told him in all my 40 years in the NBA, I've never seen anyone do that - not take one shot in 24 minutes," Silas said. "That's something that I've never, ever seen." The Celtics allowed 52 points in the paint Wednesday - their third-highest total this season - as they remain without big men Shaquille O'Neal and Jermaine O'Neal. Rivers, though, is focused on the other end of the floor. "They had 90 points," Rivers said. "So, you know, to me it points that we gotta get better offensively too. (Assistant coach) Lawrence (Frank) is in there kicking himself, and I'm saying, 'Lawrence, are you kidding me? I'll take 90 points a night.' I think 90 points a night is fine. We've got to score more points." Defense hasn't been a problem in recent meetings with the Bobcats, who have shot 39.2 percent in their last seven games in the series. The Celtics had won six straight against Charlotte before a 94-89 road loss Feb. 7 before the Bobcats traded away the franchise's all-time points leader, Gerald Wallace. Boston is 21-0 at home against East foes after going 16-10 in such games last season. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited