Cavaliers-Thunder Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Dec 12 2010 1:10AM With LeBron James long gone, the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Oklahoma City Thunder no longer each boast one of the NBA's top two scorers. Oklahoma City, however, is enjoying being the home of the league's top-scoring duo. Russell Westbrook has been nearly as proficient as Kevin Durant on the offensive end, a development that could prove too much for the defensively challenged Cavaliers to overcome Sunday night in Oklahoma City as they look to avoid an eighth straight loss. Matchups between James and Durant were an obvious drawing card the past three seasons, but the Cavaliers no longer possess a game-changing offensive force. The Thunder have two. Durant, whose 30.1 points per game led the league last season, is again atop the scoring charts with a 27.5-point average. But it's the improvement of Westbrook, who's gone from averaging 16.1 points to 24.0 in his third season, that's turning Oklahoma City (16-8) into a legitimate threat in the Western Conference. Westbrook had 29 points and 10 assists Friday night, outplaying Chris Paul in a 97-92 win at New Orleans. "I see him do this all the time," Thunder coach Scott Brooks said. "Russell plays like this no matter who he plays against. ... He's developed into a better leader throughout the year. You can see it more on the floor and in practices." Westbrook's big offensive performances have certainly made a difference. The Thunder are 10-0 when he scores at least 25 points and 6-8 when held under that mark. Westbrook's been held to just 36.5 percent shooting in four games against Cleveland (7-16), which has limited Oklahoma City to 90.3 points per game in winning those contests by an average of 15.0 points. The Cavaliers, however, are no longer one of the league's top defensive teams. They're allowing 110.0 points per game during their current slide, which reached seven games with a 110-95 loss Saturday night at Houston. Already trailing 75-71, the Cavaliers could not overcome a 17-4 Rockets run late in the third quarter. "We've got to understand that during the course of the game, you're going to have those lulls," Cavs forward Antawn Jamison said. "The one thing you have to hang your hat on is not having the same kind of lulls defensively." Cleveland's defensive issues should make Oklahoma City happy. The Thunder are 12-0 when scoring at least 105 points. Oklahoma City could be short-handed up front as starting center Nenad Krstic sat out Friday's win with a sore back. Serge Ibaka filled in impressively, though, finishing with 18 points, nine rebounds and three blocks. Krstic is questionable to face the Cavaliers, but the Thunder might not need to worry about keeping them off the boards even if Krstic can't go. Cleveland has been outrebounded by 9.4 per game during its seven-game losing streak. Oklahoma City is 10-1 when winning the battle of the boards. If ever there's a time for the Thunder to have success from beyond the arc, it might be Sunday. Brooks' team is the NBA's worst from 3-point range (31.7 percent), but the Cavaliers are last in the league at defending the arc (41.4 percent). Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited