
 Pacers-Cavaliers Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Nov 13 2010 12:29AM Over the previous five seasons, the Indiana Pacers struggled against the Cleveland Cavaliers, especially at Quicken Loans Arena. However, the Cavaliers will try to avoid their longest home losing streak in nearly eight years Saturday night when they meet the Pacers for the first time this season. The Pacers (3-4) have dropped 16 of 19 to the Cavaliers dating back to Dec. 23, 2005, and had lost 10 straight in Cleveland until a 116-113 victory April 9. Indiana might have a good chance for another win in its return to Cleveland as the Pacers won't have to face LeBron James, who has averaged 29.4 points in his last 16 games against them, but now plays for Miami. Instead, the Pacers will take on a Cavaliers team that hasn't lost four in a row in Cleveland since March 2-11, 2003. Heading into this campaign, the Cavaliers were 74-8 at home over the previous two seasons. After a perfect three-game road trip, the Cavaliers (4-4) couldn't complete a home-and-home sweep of New Jersey on Wednesday. They scored 35 points in the second half of a 95-87 loss. While it's scored at least 93 points in three consecutive road victories, Cleveland hasn't topped 88 in its past two home games. "When we're on the road, it's a little bit more of that 'us-against-the-world' attitude, and we go out there and we're a little more free and we play with that type of attitude," first-year coach Byron Scott told the Cavaliers' official website. "But when we're at home, we probably put too much pressure on ourselves to go out there and perform. "We just need to relax and play the way we know we're capable of playing." Even worse for the Cavaliers, they may have lost starters Mo Williams and Anderson Varejao to injuries during the loss to the Nets. After sitting most of training camp and the season's first three games after hurting his right groin, Williams hurt his left side late in the third quarter. "These injuries are tricky," Williams said. "We'll attack this right away and we'll do whatever it takes to get back on the court." Varejao went to the locker room with bruised ribs in the first quarter, but later returned. He and Williams are game-time decisions after neither player practiced Friday. Williams is second on the team with an average of 14.6 points per game. Varejao is the Cavs' leading rebounder with 9.4 per contest. The Pacers head into this matchup having dropped three of four, and couldn't build off a record-setting performance while dropping a 102-99 decision to Houston on Friday. Indiana scored a franchise-best 54 points in the third quarter and made 20 of 21 shots during a 144-113 win over Denver on Tuesday. The Pacers didn't top 28 in any period against the Rockets. "We never got into our tempo or our rhythm," guard Mike Dunleavy said. "We had a lot of breakdowns on both sides of the ball." Roy Hibbert led Indiana with 18 points and Danny Granger added 17. Granger, who leads the Pacers in scoring (20.4 ppg) this season, was 14 of 14 from the free-throw line and scored 36 during Indiana's win at Cleveland in April. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   