Nuggets-Spurs Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Dec 22 2010 12:32PM Carmelo Anthony thought he hit a winning shot to deny the San Antonio Spurs a seventh straight victory last week. Instead, San Antonio won on a fortuitous call, and it's added two more victories since then. Anthony won't be available for the rematch Wednesday night as the Denver Nuggets try to prevent the Spurs from pushing another winning streak to double digits. The Nuggets announced Anthony will miss this game following a death in his family. The All-Star forward, the ongoing subject of trade rumors while averaging 24.0 points, has recently been hampered by a strained right elbow and missed the last two days of practice. Anthony hit a shot at the buzzer that appeared to give Denver a home win over San Antonio on Thursday, but it was waved off for an offensive foul when Manu Ginobili stepped in front to draw a charge. That gave the Spurs a 113-112 victory, and coach George Karl's comments about the play led to a $25,000 fine from the NBA. "It's a play that I think goes either way a lot," Karl said. "It seemed like the referees, they like to hit us with tough calls." Denver might have a tougher time ending what is now a nine-game winning streak by the Spurs (24-3), who won 12 straight Nov. 1-24, with Anthony out of action. However, the Nuggets may have other key players returning Wednesday. Point guard Chauncey Billups, big man Chris Andersen and forward Kenyon Martin practiced Monday. Martin has not played this season due to knee surgery, Billups has missed the last three games with a torn ligament in his right wrist and Andersen has been out with a fracture in his lower back. Karl said Anderson and Martin will be game-time decisions while he was confident Billups would play. Denver will take all the help it can get as it tries to end a three-game skid to the Spurs. "We owe them a lot of payback," guard Ty Lawson told the Nuggets' official website. Denver was missing an injured Anthony in its last game at San Antonio but came away with a 103-89 victory Jan. 31. Martin had 27 points and 11 rebounds, Billups added 25 points, 11 assists and six rebounds, and Andersen chipped in 18 points. That gave Denver three straight road victories in the series for the first time. San Antonio knocked off Phoenix 118-110 on Monday, its fourth straight game decided by eight points or fewer. "We feel pretty good about ourselves right now. But I think we still have a lot to build on, honestly," said forward Tim Duncan, who had 20 points and 15 rebounds. "Our record is really good, and that's a great situation to be in, but we got a lot of things we can clean up." Duncan, averaging just 14.1 points and 9.7 rebounds this season, has averaged 20.3 and 13.6 over the last three games. The Spurs haven't had two winning streaks of at least 10 games in a season since 2003-04, when they had a 13-game run and an 11-game run. The Nuggets (16-10) bounced back from the loss to the Spurs with a 115-113 win over Minnesota on Saturday. It wasn't pretty as Denver blew a 20-point lead, but Anthony had 24 points and a key late block while Lawson added 23 points and nine assists to help the Nuggets hang on. Lawson has started the last three games in place of Billups and averaged 18.0 points and 8.0 assists. Denver has been inconsistent since a seven-game winning streak, going 3-4. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited