Bulls-Kings Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Mar 12 2013 12:40PM The Chicago Bulls are concerned with finding a way to end their recent offensive struggles, and it remains uncertain when Derrick Rose can help. A visit to Sacramento could provide an immediate fix. The Bulls look to avoid a fifth consecutive road loss Wednesday night while trying for a sixth straight victory over the Kings, who could be without their top player. Chicago (35-28) ranks near the bottom of the NBA in scoring (92.3 points per game) and field-goal percentage (43.4), but has fared even worse during this four-game road skid with an average of 82.0 points on 36.4 percent shooting. Carlos Boozer has averaged 7.5 points in that span, compared to 22.5 in the last four home games. Boozer shot 4 of 16 on Sunday as the Bulls hit 37.1 percent - their best effort in the last three overall - in a 90-81 road loss to the Los Angeles Lakers. It was their third defeat in four games and dropped them to 7-11 since the start of February. "We have to find a way to spread the court a little bit more," said All-Star Joakim Noah, who had 18 points and 17 rebounds. "I'm just disappointed because we're not executing our offense very well." While Chicago has consistently struggled to score without Rose, the distraction of whether or not he'll return this season from an ACL injury continues to linger. The Bulls also are playing without forward Taj Gibson (knee) and veteran guards Richard Hamilton (back) and Kirk Hinrich (foot). "We never make any excuses," said Luol Deng, shooting 36.6 percent over the last six games while averaging 12.8 points - 3.4 below his season average. "We're just being a team with the guys we have. We have enough to win. "We could play a lot better. We've played better before. Just on both ends of the floor we could do a lot better." Chicago is riding its worst road losing streak in a single season since a six-game skid Feb. 22-March 17, 2010. The good news for the Bulls is they're visiting a city where they haven't lost in five years, having won their last four trips to Sacramento by double digits. Plus, no Western Conference team has a worse record than the Kings (22-43), who are allowing a league-high 105.1 points per game and 112.0 over their last 15. "It's tough but we just got to bounce back and get a W in Sacramento," Noah told the Bulls' official website. "We've just got to keep fighting. Sometimes we get a little too frustrated. We have to understand that." Of the Bulls' five straight wins over the Kings, the last two came without Rose. Noah had 23 points and 10 rebounds in a 93-87 season-opening victory over Sacramento on Oct. 31. Noah could have an easier time if the Kings are missing DeMarcus Cousins. The talented but volatile third-year big man was ejected from Sunday's 115-113 home loss to Milwaukee after drawing a flagrant 2 foul for an elbow to the head of the Bucks' Mike Dunleavy. The two were earlier called for technical fouls after confronting each other. Cousins, who has totaled 46 points and 24 rebounds in the last two games, already has been suspended three times this season, two from the league. "When things like this happen we say `just calm down.' But he wears his emotions on his sleeve," said guard Isaiah Thomas, who had 14 points and nine assists. "He just has to be smarter." Sacramento's Tyreke Evans has 45 points over the past two games after totaling 39 through his first four this month. He's averaged 21.2 in six matchups versus Chicago. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited