Kings-Jazz Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 22 2010 12:03AM While the Utah Jazz have been one of the best come-from-behind teams in the NBA, they would like to play a full 48 minutes at some point. The Jazz, who are shooting just 42.1 percent from the field in the first quarter, will look to get off to a hot start at home against the Sacramento Kings on Monday night. It's been a tale of two halves for Utah, which is scoring an NBA-worst 44.1 points per game in the first half, but owns the highest field-goal percentage in the second-half at 48.8 percent. The Jazz (9-5) have recorded six fourth-quarter comebacks thus far, and found themselves down by nine heading into the final 12 minutes against Portland on Saturday night. C.J. Miles played the role of hero, making five 3-pointers and scoring 17 of Utah's 38 fourth-quarter points to defeat the Blazers 103-94. "I think sometimes the home team tightens up a little bit," said Utah assistant Phil Johnson, who coached the team while Jerry Sloan attended a family member's funeral. "I really believe that when a team is coming back on you like that it is hard to withstand." Deron Williams, who leads the team with 21.6 points per game, scored a season-low 12 but dished out 11 assists. He could be in line for another double-double against the Kings, as he is averaging 20.0 points and 10.5 assists in his last nine games against them. The Jazz went a perfect 21 for 21 from the free-throw line against the Blazers, marking the first time in franchise history in which they shot 100.0 percent with more than 17 attempts in a game. Sacramento lost to New Orleans 75-71 on Sunday, its seventh loss in eight games. The Kings (4-8) are averaging 90.8 points over that span after scoring 108.8 per game in their first four this season. Sacramento entered the fourth quarter down by three, but shot a season-worst 30.0 percent from the field in the final period and couldn't overtake the Hornets. "We couldn't get shots when we needed to get them," Kings coach Paul Westphal said. "It's a shame when you play as hard as effectively as we played tonight to not have a win to show for it." Tyreke Evans, who leads the team with 18.9 points per game, was held to nine on Sunday. He should bounce back against the Jazz, though, as he averaged 27.0 against them as a rookie last season. While Westphal was disappointed after another close loss, he remains optimistic about his team's recent effort. "Certainly, its a major positive that we've played very good, high-caliber NBA defense two nights in a row," he said. "If we will have that be our calling card, we're going to win a lot of these games." In addition to defense, the Kings are going to need to improve from three-point range if they hope to turn things around. They are shooting an NBA-worst 29.7 percent from long-distance. Sloan is expected to be back on the Jazz sidelines versus the Kings after missing the previous two games. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited