
 Bobcats-Clippers Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 29 2011 2:33AM With a thrilling comeback win in their last contest, the Charlotte Bobcats have opened a season-high six-game road trip with three straight victories. Remaining unbeaten on the trip won't be easy. The Bobcats try to win five consecutive road games for the first time in franchise history Saturday night against a Los Angeles Clippers team seeking an eighth straight home victory for the first time in nearly 18 years. Charlotte (20-25) arrives in Los Angeles following Friday's 121-113 overtime win at Golden State. Things weren't looking good for the Bobcats, who trailed by 16 points in the third quarter and by eight with 90 seconds to go in regulation, but they managed to send the game to overtime on Stephen Jackson's 3-point bank shot from 28 feet out with 0.6 seconds remaining. Jackson went on to notch seven of his 31 points in overtime, as Charlotte scored 31 of the game's final 46 points. The Bobcats, who opened their road trip with victories in Sacramento and Phoenix, have won four straight away from Charlotte overall. "(To go) 3-0 on the road trip is a great start," said Jackson, averaging 25.0 points in his last three games after averaging 13.2 in his previous six. Losers of 11 of 12 road games prior to their current streak, the Bobcats have never won five straight away from home in their seven-year history. While the Bobcats are looking comfortable on the road, Los Angeles (17-28) has been tough to beat on its home court. The Clippers have won seven straight at Staples Center since a 107-98 loss to Atlanta on Jan. 2. They now have a chance to win eight consecutive home games for the first time since March 20-April 16, 1993, when they played at the Los Angeles Sports Arena. Blake Griffin and the Clippers are now hoping a return to Staples Center for three games can help them put back-to-back road defeats behind them. Griffin, the runaway favorite for NBA rookie of the year honors, looked rather ordinary in Wednesday's 96-83 loss at Houston. He missed 11 of 16 shots and finished with 14 points - his fewest since scoring 13 in a win over Sacramento on Dec. 6. "I didn't have great energy," said Griffin, who also had 11 rebounds. "I have to motivate myself to bring energy at a higher level." Griffin wore a black sleeve on his left arm to protect the elbow he hurt on a hard foul by Dallas' Brendan Haywood in Tuesday's 112-105 defeat. When asked about his elbow after the game, he said it was all right. Griffin wasn't the only Clipper to struggle Wednesday, as the team finished with a season-low 10 fourth-quarter points while shooting 4 of 25 from the floor in the final period. "I liked our intensity but we just didn't get our offense together," coach Vinny Del Negro said. The Clippers have had their offense together at Staples Center lately. They are averaging 110.6 points during their home winning streak - 11.3 better than their season average - with Griffin averaging 35.3 points in his last three home contests. This will be Griffin's first game against the Bobcats. These teams split their two meetings last season, with each winning on its home court. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   