Grizzlies-Nuggets Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Feb 22 2011 1:13AM Speculation about where Carmelo Anthony would end up has run rampant since the summer. For the Denver Nuggets, a season's worth of rumors have finally given way to reality. A blockbuster deal has Anthony, Chauncey Billups and three others on their way to New York, likely leaving the Nuggets short-handed Tuesday night against the visiting Memphis Grizzlies as they begin life without their All-Star cornerstone. Almost as soon as LeBron James decided to sign with the Miami Heat in July, the guessing game regarding Anthony's future employer began. The Nuggets (32-25) put a three-year, $65 million extension on the table, but Anthony's refusal to commit kicked off a season-long soap opera, with New York emerging as his most desirable option. A four-team trade that would have sent him to New Jersey in the summer fell through, then the Nets pulled out of a three-team deal last month. New Jersey again appeared in the running to land Anthony over All-Star weekend in Los Angeles, but the Brooklyn native will now be playing in New York. Late Monday night, the Nuggets reportedly struck a deal that will ship Anthony to the Knicks. Wilson Chandler, Raymond Felton, Danilo Gallinari, Timofey Mozgov and three draft picks will come to Denver. Billups, Shelden Williams, Anthony Carter and Renaldo Balkman are also headed to New York, while the Knicks are set to acquire Corey Brewer from Minnesota for Anthony Randolph and Eddy Curry. The trade is expected to be finalized Tuesday, which almost certainly means the Nuggets will be without their new additions until Thursday's visit from Boston. Coach George Karl expressed some sadness about the deal but added that it was "time to move on, reinvent." He said he'll particularly miss Billups. "I'm 100 percent behind the decision we made, even though it will be dangerous and there won't be the veteran point guard back there," Karl added. "Felton, I thought was having a great season this year. But I think Ty (Lawson) and Felton are going to have a great challenge to live up to what Chauncey has given us in past years." The deal with the Knicks could give Denver the pieces to still make a playoff run. The four players coming from New York average 53.4 points - 2.5 more than what the Nuggets' five outgoing players provided. Denver is currently seventh in the Western Conference race, one-half game behind Portland and New Orleans but also just one game ahead of Utah and Memphis (31-26). If the Nuggets drop out of a playoff spot, the Grizzlies could benefit. Memphis won four in a row and nine of 11 heading into the All-Star break to climb back into the picture. "I like where we are right now," coach Lionel Hollins said after the Grizzlies' 102-91 win over Philadelphia last Tuesday. "... We just have to rev it back up when we come back." Staying hot won't be easy with Rudy Gay on the shelf. Memphis' second-leading scorer at 19.8 points per game, Gay partially dislocated his left shoulder in the victory over the 76ers and will miss at least four weeks. Gay had 23 points in the Grizzlies' 116-108 home victory over the Nuggets on Feb. 13. The Pepsi Center has been a house of horrors for Memphis, which has won there just once. The Grizzlies have lost seven straight on the Nuggets' home floor - surrendering 115.3 points per game - and 24 of 25 overall in Denver dating to the team's days at the McNichols Sports Arena. Nene, now the Nuggets' leading scorer at 15.0 points per game, has thrived versus Memphis. He has averaged 17.6 points - his most versus any opponent from the West - in nine games against the Grizzlies since 2008-09. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited