Nuggets-Thunder Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Dec 24 2010 9:02AM A tragic incident seemingly gives the Oklahoma City Thunder a significant advantage heading into their matchup Saturday night against the Denver Nuggets. The Thunder, who have historically struggled in this series, host a Nuggets team playing its second straight game without Carmelo Anthony following the death of his sister. Anthony traveled with Denver (16-11) to San Antonio for Wednesday's game but left after receiving word about the death of a family member. Anthony's sister, Michelle Anthony, died of a pre-existing medical condition Tuesday in Baltimore. The Nuggets, who ended up losing to the Spurs 109-103, aren't expecting Anthony to return until after Christmas. "It brings us down to earth," coach George Karl said before the game. "Basketball isn't the most important thing." J.R. Smith made his first start in three seasons in place of Anthony on Wednesday and played well, finishing with 22 points and seven rebounds. Kenyon Martin also started after missing the first 26 games while recovering from knee surgery, contributing eight points and five boards in 17 minutes for the Nuggets, 1-2 without Anthony this season. Anthony has been in the middle of some controversy lately by refusing to sign a three-year, $65 million contract extension and hinting he'd like to play for New York. At the same time, he has been playing some of his best basketball, averaging 30.3 points and 10.0 rebounds in his last four games. He also has been instrumental to Denver's dominance of the Thunder (20-10). The Nuggets have won 11 of the last 13 meetings, and Anthony's 29.6 scoring average against the Oklahoma City franchise since 2005-06 is his best against any Western Conference opponent. This will be the second time the Thunder hope to take advantage of Anthony's absence, as their only win in four games against the Nuggets last season came with the three-time All-Star sitting out because of an ankle injury. Oklahoma City is opening a four-game homestand having won seven of nine at the Ford Center. Playing in front of the home crowd should also benefit Kevin Durant, who has scored at least 30 points in each of his last five home games against the Nuggets. The Thunder are 8-2 when Durant, the league's leading scorer with an average of 27.5 points, reaches the 30-point mark this season. Oklahoma City is coming off a 112-98 loss to the Knicks on Wednesday, its second defeat in three games after winning five straight. Durant had 26 points for the Thunder, who trailed by as many as 22 and gave up 52 points in the paint, tied for their third-most allowed all season. "We didn't come in with the right mindset," coach Scott Brooks said. "They're a physical team. They had their hands on us and really pushed us around a little bit too much tonight and we didn't take the challenge." The challenge for the Thunder now is trying to avoid losing back-to-back games for the first time since Oct. 31 and Nov. 3. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited