Nuggets-Cavaliers Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Jan 27 2011 10:25PM The Cleveland Cavaliers are on the brink of matching a 29-year team record for futility, and there doesn't appear to be much relief in sight. The Denver Nuggets would like to capitalize on another meeting with the league's worst team. The lowly Cavaliers attempt to avoid equaling their single-season record 19-game losing streak when they host the Nuggets on Friday night. Cleveland (8-37) set a team record by losing its final 19 games of 1981-82, and dropped the first five the following season for an NBA-record 24-game skid. That record appears well within the Cavaliers' grasp with visits to Orlando on Sunday and Miami the following night after facing Denver (27-18). They pulled to within one of their team mark Tuesday, falling 112-95 at Boston to begin this four-game stretch against opponents that have reached the playoffs each of the last two seasons. "It's human nature to think about how many we've lost in a row, and whatever record we've set. Losing is tough, in general," said forward Antawn Jamison. "To be where we're at - one of the worst records in the league right now - that's tough. We've just got to worry about trying to find a way to fix it. That's about the only thing you can do." Cleveland is being outscored by 14.9 points during its 18-game slide and has dropped 27 of 29, including a 127-99 loss at Denver on Jan. 15. "I don't care about all that," coach Byron Scott said. "We'll have a breakthrough. I'm not looking at the number of losses and things like that. I'm looking at it game-by-game and seeing if we're improving on both ends of the floor." Scott may be finding some solace in the Cavaliers shooting 45.7 percent from the field the last two games after hitting 38.1 percent over the previous seven. They may need to do even better against the Nuggets, the NBA's highest-scoring team at 107.7 points per game Denver has won eight of the last 10 meetings with the Cavaliers, averaging 110.5 points in those victories, and is 3-1 its last four visits to Cleveland, winning the most recent 118-116 in overtime behind 40 points from Carmelo Anthony. Anthony wasn't as effective on Jan. 15, making 5 of 17 shots for 12 points while adding nine rebounds. The star forward was slightly better Wednesday, scoring 18 points on 5 of 16 from the field in a 109-100 win at Detroit as the Nuggets won their third straight, the last two on the road. Anthony, named an All-Star starter for the Western Conference on Thursday, leads Denver with 23.6 points per game. He's spent most of the season answering questions about reports claiming he'll eventually be traded before his contract expires after the season. "My options are open right now," Anthony said. "I really don't know what's going on right now and it's four, three weeks away from the (trading) deadline." Chauncey Billups, who has also been mentioned in trade speculation, picked up the scoring slack for Anthony on Wednesday with 26 points, making 6 of 9 3-pointers. He found himself in a similar role against the Cavaliers earlier this month, hitting all five from beyond the arc to total 21 points with eight assists. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited