
 Hornets-Spurs Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Oct 30 2010 1:23PM The San Antonio Spurs' slow start last season led to one of their worst finishes in recent campaigns. The New Orleans Hornets' resulted in their first playoff absence in three years. One team will have a chance to remain unbeaten to begin this season when the Spurs host the Hornets Saturday night. The Spurs (1-0) dropped six of their first 10 games last season and eventually finished seventh in the Western Conference, their worst showing since All-Star center Tim Duncan joined the team in 1997-98. Tony Parker's arrival four years later - and Manu Ginobili the season after that - helped San Antonio become a perennial title contender, but it appeared this might be the last season for the team's "Big Three" to be together. However, Parker signed a multiyear extension Friday, meaning all three will be on the roster at least through next season. Parker, Duncan and Ginobili got this season off to a strong start by scoring at least 20 points apiece in a 122-109 victory over Indiana on Wednesday night. "All three (of us) played pretty well for the first game of the season," Ginobili said. "And when that happens, everything becomes better." Richard Jefferson and George Hill each added 16 points, and top draft pick James Anderson scored 10. Like San Antonio, the Hornets have used a balanced attack, led by All-Star point guard Chris Paul, for their 2-0 start. With 17 points and 16 assists, Paul was one of four players in double figures in Wednesday's 95-91 victory over Milwaukee. In a 101-95 win over Denver on Friday, he was one of five players with at least 10 points, scoring a team-best 18. Paul scored 10 of those points inside the final nine minutes and recorded three of his seven assists during a decisive 13-2 run. "Chris kind of took over there," first-year coach Monty Williams said. "It's just a big win for our team." Another victory Saturday might prove even bigger as New Orleans has dropped five in a row to its Southwest Division rivals and five straight in San Antonio. Since relocating from Charlotte before the 2002-03 season, the Hornets are 2-12 there. The presence of Paul in the lineup along with some help could help New Orleans break those skids. Paul is averaging 26.8 points in his last five meetings with the Spurs. However, he missed two matchups last March, including a trip to San Antonio, because of left knee surgery. His counterpart, Parker, has averaged 22.0 points in his last nine matchups against the Hornets. The Spurs, though, will likely not have Brazilian 7-footer Tiago Splitter available for this game. Splitter, a former MVP in Europe, is nursing a sprained calf suffered in training camp and could return Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers. "He's quite frustrated," coach Gregg Popovich said. DeJuan Blair, who is listed at 6-8, could start again in Splitter's place. The 21-year-old, who played both forward and center as a rookie, had nine points on 2-of-9 shooting and three rebounds as he became the team's youngest opening-night starter since Parker, who was 20 in 2002. Reserve forward/center Matt Bonner is also expected to miss up to two weeks after spraining his right ankle in the season opener. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   