Pacers-Knicks Preview By JORDAN GARRETSON Posted Nov 17 2012 2:51PM After falling victim to frustration in their first loss of the season, the New York Knicks will look to channel their emotions a little differently. They'll try to bounce back Sunday against the Indiana Pacers, who have struggled to score but seemed to find some answers following some offensive tweaks. The Knicks (6-1) return home hoping to start a new winning streak while extending their impressive start at Madison Square Garden. They've won their first three home games, each by a double-digit margin. New York lost 105-95 at Memphis on Friday. It was the team's fewest points scored and most points allowed this season as it finally became the NBA's last club to be beaten. The Knicks were within three points early in the third quarter, but after J.R. Smith was involved in a double-technical situation with Jerryd Bayless in the second, tempers flared again. Carmelo Anthony, Rasheed Wallace and coach Mike Woodson were all tagged with technicals during a 19-1 Grizzlies run. The team tallied only two assists and shot 7 of 18 in the third quarter. "We tried to do it individually instead of just moving the ball," point guard Jason Kidd said. "Guys got great looks and they didn't go in. Emotion is part of the game. For the whole team, this is a test we can learn from." The Knicks' rebounding has been a weakness all season, and it finally caught up with them on Friday as they were outrebounded for the sixth straight game. Wallace's showing was a bright spot. He scored 13 points in 24 minutes - both season highs - after the veteran totaled 36 points in New York's first six games. The Pacers (4-6) saw some increased offense across the board in Friday's 103-83 home win over Dallas. Indiana has sputtered all season without injured leading scorer Danny Granger, but it might have discovered something while getting a second victory in seven games and reaching the century mark for the second time in 2012-13. David West and George Hill scored 15 points each after combining for 10 on 4-of-19 shooting in the previous game, a 99-85 loss at Milwaukee that was the Pacers' fifth straight road defeat. "Coach (Frank Vogel) challenged us that we needed to change immediately," Hill said. "He came in with different types of offensive sets that kind of helps us as athletes, who we are on this team, young and athletic. "I like the direction that we're going." The Pacers averaged 17.1 turnovers in their first nine games, but gave the ball away a season-low nine times Friday while posting a season-high 23 assists. Their 47.0 percent shooting was their best since hitting 47.4 percent from the field in their season opener at Toronto - their most recent road victory. "I didn't like guys standing around," Vogel said. "I didn't like the speed in which we were running our offense. I didn't like the lack of physicality in our screening. There was a lot to not like. So changes were needed." Indiana trailed by as many as 32 while losing its only trip to New York last season, 115-100 on March 16. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited