Pistons-Cavaliers Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Feb 09 2011 12:28AM In their last game, the Detroit Pistons held their own against a team that owns the NBA's best record before ultimately fading late. That might not be much of an issue against their next opponent. The Pistons will travel to take on the league's worst as they look to extend the Cleveland Cavaliers' record losing streak to 26 games Wednesday night. After back-to-back victories, Detroit (19-33) failed to match its longest winning streak of the season, falling 100-89 to San Antonio on Tuesday. The Pistons were down by five to start the fourth quarter and later pulled within two, but San Antonio held them off as Detroit struggled offensively again. It was the fourth straight game in which the Pistons scored fewer than 95 points and the third time during that stretch they were held below 90. They were limited to 38 second-half points against the Spurs. Will Bynum matched a season-high with 21 points, including 12 in the fourth quarter. He had totaled 31 points over the previous five games. Detroit benefited from the return of Rodney Stuckey, who had missed five games with a right shoulder injury. He had 12 points with a team high-tying three assists in nearly 28 minutes of play. The news wasn't all good, however, as Richard Hamilton sat out with a sore right groin. Hamilton scored 15 points in 20 minutes against Milwaukee on Saturday, his first action since Jan. 10. It's not certain if he'll play Wednesday. While playing on the road might make it more difficult for the Pistons to bounce back - they are just 6-21 away from home - the team they're facing is mired in a skid that's become historic. Bynum is not worried about Detroit possibly being the first team to lose to the Cavaliers (8-44) since they beat New York in overtime on Dec. 18. "We'll be ready. That's why we get paid," he said. Cleveland set a new record for futility with its 25th straight loss Monday, 99-96 in Dallas. "We're in the record books, we all know that, something we don't want to be a part of, but you can't go back and turn back the hands of time," said Antawn Jamison, who had 18 points and 11 rebounds. "We've got to worry about moving forward. The most important thing is getting a win." The Cavaliers have come close to breaking through recently. Their last four losses are by a combined 21 points and they rallied from a 15-point deficit against the Mavericks before eventually coming up short. "The guys are upset and rightfully so," coach Byron Scott said. "I like that fact that guys are caring about the fact that we're losing some close games." Detroit defeated Cleveland 102-92 on Dec. 5 behind 27 points from Hamilton and 24 from Stuckey. That snapped a seven-game losing streak in the series. The Cavaliers have won four straight and five of six at Quicken Loans Arena versus the Pistons. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited