Wizards-Mavericks Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Jan 30 2011 2:34PM The Washington Wizards are faced with another back-to-back set of games as they try to end their road woes. The Wizards will look to end their 0-23 road start Monday night when they also try to snap the Dallas Mavericks' four-game win streak. Washington (13-33) began this four-game road trip with possibly its best chance of ending its road futility with a 124-117 double-overtime loss to Oklahoma City on Friday. The Wizards weren't as competitive Saturday, trailing by as many as 21 points in a 107-93 defeat to Memphis. "We felt good about (Friday) night, and we just didn't carry it over," coach Flip Saunders said. "We had some guys who did, but when you are missing guys, and you are not at full strength, you can't have a couple of guys play. We are not talented enough to do that." The Wizards were without leading rebounder JaVale McGee, out with the flu. Rookie Mustafa Shakur also missed the game after injuring his ankle and knee against Oklahoma City. Leading scorer Nick Young made 2 of 9 shots for eight points after averaging 26.7 points over his previous three games. "We don't stay consistent," said Young, who left the game in the fourth quarter with a calf injury. "We need to play calm. It's crazy." Only Dallas (29) in 1992-93 and the New Orleans Jazz (28) in 1974-75 have started seasons with more losses in a row on the road. Washington will see some familiar faces in Brandon Haywood and DeShawn Stevenson. Both will face the Wizards for the first time since they were traded to Dallas last February in a deal that brought Josh Howard to Washington. Howard remains out for the Wizards with a sore left knee. Washington should have its hands full against a Dallas team that appears to be back on track after losing seven of eight games prior to this win streak. The Mavericks (31-15) placed seven players in double figures in Saturday's 102-91 win over Atlanta. "It's about spreading it around," guard Jason Terry said. "Offensively, guys are penetrating in and it's beautiful. Coach (Rick) Carlisle told us it's a beautiful thing to watch when you see guys move the ball the way we do. He said there's probably only two teams that do it in this league, and it's us and San Antonio. It's the reason for our success." Dirk Nowitzki scored 19 points on 8-of-11 shooting. The superstar struggled to shoot 39.1 percent over his previous seven games since missing nine with a sprained right knee. "He's making progress," Carlisle said. "His offensive flow was a lot better. He's getting closer to where he was, and that's encouraging." Carlisle will have to use a new lineup after starting forward Sasha Pavlovic was released after Saturday's win. Pavlovic's second 10-day contract lapsed on Saturday, and Dallas had the option of signing him for the rest of the season. The Mavs decided to keep their options open to bring in another player, and recently signed Peja Stojakovic is moving closer to joining the rotation. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited