
 Bobcats-Mavericks Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Oct 26 2010 3:51PM Despite posting at least 50 wins in each of the last 10 seasons, the Dallas Mavericks are still trying to secure the franchise's first NBA title. A second straight postseason appearance would be an accomplishment for the Michael Jordan-led Charlotte Bobcats in 2010-11. Looking to put another playoff disappointment behind them, Dirk Nowitzki and the Mavericks open their regular season Wednesday at American Airlines Center, where the Bobcats try again for their first-ever win over Dallas. After finishing 55-27 last season and winning their first Southwest Division title since 2006-07, the second-seeded Mavericks fell in six games to San Antonio in the opening round of the Western Conference playoffs. Since losing to Miami in the 2006 finals, Dallas has been eliminated in the first round three times. Last season's exit was followed by a vague comment from outspoken owner Mark Cuban. "I'm not proud of the NBA. I'm not proud of my inability over the last 10 years to have an impact like I want to have," Cuban said. "So I kind of feel like I owe fans an apology. But that's just the way this business goes." While the potential loss of Nowitzki, who became an unrestricted free agent for the first time, could have sent the franchise into a tailspin, the 32-year-old German signed a four-year, $80 million deal with Dallas in July. "It wouldn't have felt right to put another uniform on," Nowitzki said. "The fans, everybody here have been so loyal to me the last 12 years, it would have felt like running away a little bit, in a way. So I'm here for the long run - four more years to reach our goal. I'm ready." Despite the Bobcats playing in the Southeast Division with revamped Miami and Orlando, Jordan is expecting his team to be ready as it tries to build off the franchise's first playoff appearance, which ended with a first-round sweep by the Magic. "We'll be OK," said Jordan, who became the first ex-player to buy a team when he made a deadline deal with Bob Johnson on Feb. 26. "Obviously, we don't have the marquee three All-Stars, but we've got a good young nucleus with something to build upon." After nearly walking away in the offseason, 70-year-old coach Larry Brown enters his third year on the Bobcats' bench. Jordan expects Brown to stick around this season and beyond since "he's got too much coaching in him," and both are hoping for an improvement on last year's 44-38 record. The salary cap-strapped Bobcats, though, suffered a major loss when they couldn't re-sign point guard Raymond Felton in the offseason. In his third season, D.J. Augustin will take over the starting job. "He's in much better shape. He's much stronger and quicker than he was," Brown said of Augustin. "He's got to facilitate more and the only way that's going to happen is for him to be more aggressive offensively. But I'm sure that's going to come. He's had a terrific preseason." The Mavericks, meanwhile, didn't get a chance to see their point guard of the future during training camp. Rodrigue Beaubois, who became the first rookie to shoot at least 50 percent from the field, 40 percent from 3-point range and 80 percent from the foul line last season, suffered a broken left foot in August and has been in a walking boot for two months. "I think our future is in Roddy's hands," Nowitzki said of the 22-year-old Guadeloupe native. "I think he brings that kind of level to our game." While coach Rick Carlisle will likely start Jason Terry next to Jason Kidd in the Mavericks' backcourt until Beaubois returns, Dallas' frontcourt has a new look with the addition of Tyson Chandler. Acquired in the offseason in a deal that sent Erick Dampier and Eduardo Najera to Charlotte, the  28-year-old center could be a nice fit alongside Nowitzki and Brendan Haywood, who signed a six-year extension in July. "He is one of the most versatile big men in the league today," general manager Donnie Nelson said of Chandler, who is expected play Wednesday after missing Friday's preseason finale with an injured right thumb. "He gives our front line a defensive, shot-blocking, athletic punch we haven't had here in awhile." The Bobcats, who waived Dampier and his $13 million non-guaranteed contract, still have a dynamic frontcourt with Stephen Jackson, Gerald Wallace and Boris Diaw. Charlotte also brings back forward Tyrus Thomas, who signed a five-year, $40 million deal after arriving via trade from Chicago on Feb. 18. Jackson, who averaged a team-high 21.1 points last season, strained a tendon in his left ankle during practice Tuesday, but expects to play. "It's getting better now, nothing serious," Jackson said. "I'll be ready to go." The Mavs are the only team Charlotte has never beaten, winning all 12 previous meetings. In the Bobcats' last visit to Dallas on Dec. 12, Nowitzki hit a 10-foot jumper with 1.8 seconds left in overtime for a 98-97 victory, a defeat Brown called "one of the most disappointing losses we've had." Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   