Cavaliers-Jazz Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Jan 13 2011 4:03PM For once, it appears the Cleveland Cavaliers have nowhere to go but up. Cleveland begins trying to recover from the worst defeat in franchise history - a 55-point drubbing to stretch its latest skid to 11 - as it looks to avoid a 22nd defeat in 23 games Friday night against the Utah Jazz. The Cavaliers (8-30) suffered the biggest loss in franchise history six months ago when LeBron James took his many talents to Miami, leaving the team with the league's best record the past two seasons to essentially start from scratch. They didn't expect the pains of rebuilding to be quite this severe. Cleveland has lost 21 of 22, 19 of which have come since James' Heat left Quicken Loans Arena with a 28-point win Dec. 2. It hadn't bottomed out, though, until Tuesday. The Cavaliers shot 29.9 percent and set franchise-record lows in points and margin of defeat in a 112-57 walloping courtesy of the Los Angeles Lakers. "It can't be any worse than this. If it is, someone will have to help me because I don't know how much of this I can take," said Antawn Jamison, one of just three healthy players that's a holdover from last season. "This by far is rock-bottom. It's definitely by far one of the most embarrassing moments that I've been a part of as far as basketball." James, in town with Miami to face the Clippers, seemed to pile on during the game with a Twitter post that appeared to be directed at Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert. "Crazy. Karma is a b----.. Gets you every time. Its not good to wish bad on anybody. God sees everything!" James denied the message originated from him, and claimed he wasn't making fun of his former team. Coach Byron Scott's sole concern, however, is getting his team focused for Friday as it looks to snap its 17-game road losing streak. "I hope the guys in there feel like I do," Scott said Tuesday. "Guys look scared, looked flat-out scared." The Jazz (26-13) have already handled the Cavaliers once, winning 101-90 in Cleveland on Dec. 20 as five players finished with at least 16 points. Guard C.J. Miles led the way with 22 off the bench. But that Cavaliers team had Daniel Gibson - who had a game-high 29 points - Anderson Varejao and Anthony Parker, all of whom are currently injured. The Jazz, meanwhile, couldn't be healthier. They came back from as many as 16 down to win 103-99 in overtime Saturday at Houston, then returned home Wednesday and topped New York 131-25. Miles and Deron Williams scored 24 apiece to lead seven players in double figures, including Mehmet Okur, who had 10 in just his fifth game this season as he's battled a variety of injuries. "I thought we had a lot of fun," coach Jerry Sloan said. "Our guys played well. We passed the ball well. We really did a nice job of giving up the ball." Miles has certainly made a difference for a Jazz team desperate for scoring off the bench. Utah is 17-2 when he has 12 points or more and 9-0 when he scores at least 19. The Jazz tied a season high with 10 3-pointers on Wednesday - getting four apiece from Miles and Raja Bell - and have a great opportunity to stay hot Friday. Cleveland is allowing opponents to shoot 42.6 percent from beyond the arc, which would be by far the highest percentage since the 3-point line was introduced in 1979-80. Friday marks exactly one year since Utah beat the visiting Cavaliers 97-96 on Sundiata Gaines' buzzer-beating 3-pointer. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited