Grizzlies-76ers Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Jan 27 2011 6:10PM The Philadelphia 76ers have enjoyed recent success thriving off production from unlikely sources. The Memphis Grizzlies may need similar help without one of their key players. O.J. Mayo has been suspended 10 games by the NBA and won't be in the lineup Friday night when Memphis visits Philadelphia. The league announced the suspension Thursday for Mayo's positive test for dedehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA). His suspension will start Friday, and he'll be eligible to return Feb. 15 when Memphis and Philadelphia meet again. "It was an honest mistake, but I take full responsibility for my actions," Mayo said in a statement. "I apologize to my fans, teammates and the Grizzlies organization for regrettably not doing the necessary research about what supplements I can put in my body." Mayo, who lost his starting spot earlier this season and is averaging a career-low 12.2 points, was held scoreless for the first time in his three-year career Wednesday and missed a tying 3-pointer in the final seconds of a 93-88 loss to New Jersey. The defeat snapped Memphis' three-game winning streak. Rudy Gay scored a game-high 22 points for the Grizzlies (22-24), while Zach Randolph had a career-high 12th consecutive double-double with 20 points and 16 rebounds. Randolph ranks fourth in the NBA with 32 double-doubles and is averaging 23.0 points and 14.7 rebounds during that 12-game stretch. He has seven double-doubles in 17 games against Philadelphia. Memphis blew a 16-point first-half lead, and four of the last five games for the Grizzlies have been decided by an average of 3.3 points. "We had the game and just didn't finish it out," Randolph said. "We started out great but broke down defensively in the second half. I don't know if we got winded, but we didn't do anything different. We didn't make shots, not like we did in the first half. We had this game and gave it away." Mike Conley scored 16 points against New Jersey. His career-high 31 points came March 7, 2009, in a loss to the 76ers. The Grizzlies' bench was outscored 56-12 on Wednesday, but the 76ers have had little trouble getting help from their reserves. Marreese Speights scored a season-high 23 points off the bench in a 107-94 victory Wednesday night against Toronto, giving the 76ers (20-25) their third straight win. Philadelphia hasn't won four consecutive games since Jan. 31-Feb. 9, when it won five in a row. The 76ers' reserves outscored the Raptors' 58-17, as all four players off the bench reached double figures. It was the sixth time in seven games Philadelphia received a 20-point night from a reserve. "We're strong right now," said Louis Williams, who added 15 points off the bench. "You can line us up with anybody's bench in the league and you know we'll be right up there with them." Andre Iguodala, whose scoring average has decreased in each of the last three seasons and now stands at 14.1, praised Speights for his performance after the third-year big man averaged 3.3 points in his previous four games. "Marreese is starting to get his confidence back," Iguodala said. "He's been playing well the last couple of games. Even when he hasn't been scoring, he's been solid for us." The 76ers have won six of the last seven meetings, but Memphis won 102-97 in last season's matchup in Philadelphia despite Williams' career-high 31 points. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited