Jazz-Grizzlies Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Jan 06 2011 6:16PM It may seem the Utah Jazz are facing an ideal opponent as they try to bounce back from a lopsided loss. It might not be so easy considering their second-leading scorer could be out again, plus the Memphis Grizzlies are coming off two impressive wins. With Paul Millsap's status up in the air, the Jazz will try for another victory over the Grizzlies when the teams meet at FedExForum on Friday night. The Jazz (24-12) have taken 13 of 14 from Memphis and their only win in that span that wasn't by at least nine points came Saturday, when Utah won 98-92 as Millsap had 22 points and 10 rebounds. It was a different story with Millsap on the sidelines Wednesday night with a hip injury, as the Jazz were handed their worst home loss of the season in a 110-87 defeat to Atlanta. "That definitely hurt," Deron Williams said of Millsap's absence. "But we've had guys injured in the past. It's not an excuse to come out and get beat by 20 on your home floor." Millsap, averaging 17.5 points and 11.1 rebounds, had played in 159 consecutive games since sitting out a 101-91 win in Memphis on Jan. 16, 2009. It's unclear if he will return Friday, when Utah tries to avoid falling into another big hole after trailing by 14 at halftime Wednesday. "You can't keep getting down by 15 points in the first half and expect to come back," said Williams, whose team has rallied to win six times from deficits of 15 or more. "You can do it every now and then. We've done it a lot in the short season, but you can't rely on it. I don't think any coach in America has a game plan to get down by 15 and come back every game." The Jazz, who have an NBA-best 12 victories when trailing at halftime, will try to avoid losing back-to-back games for the first time since starting the season 0-2. They'll have to do it without Mehmet Okur, who will miss a fifth straight game due to a lower back strain. Utah didn't miss Okur in last weekend's matchup with Memphis (16-19), but Millsap being out could be a problem considering his performance helped make up for Zach Randolph's 27 points and 16 rebounds. Randolph had 31 points and 16 boards Tuesday night as the Grizzlies beat Oklahoma City 110-105. They improved to 9-5 when getting at least 20 points from Randolph, averaging 28.5 points and 14.3 rebounds over the last four games. Memphis is looking for a third consecutive victory over one of the Western Conference's top teams, having defeated the Thunder two nights after routing the Lakers 104-85 in Los Angeles. Tony Allen got into a fight with teammate O.J. Mayo on the flight home after that victory, but he scored a season-high 19 points Tuesday. The altercation was over an unpaid debt from a card game - the Grizzlies have since banned gambling on team flights - but Allen said Thursday that he and Mayo have no hard feelings. "Me, O.J. and the team, we pretty much had a whole practice on focusing on our offense and getting better with our defense,'" Allen said. "I pretty much think it's behind us. That's how we're looking at it at this point." Mayo hopes to return after being held out Tuesday due to bronchitis. He's averaged 20.0 points in three career home games against the Jazz. Rudy Gay has scored 27 points in the Grizzlies' two wins since missing the Utah loss with a stomach virus. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited