
 Timberwolves-Bucks Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Feb 21 2011 4:15PM The Milwaukee Bucks have the NBA's worst offense and dropped eight of 10 before the All-Star break, but they are only a few games out of the Eastern Conference playoff picture. The Bucks will try to avoid a second loss this season to the last-place Minnesota Timberwolves when they meet Tuesday night at the Bradley Center. Milwaukee (21-34) is in 10th place in the East, but despite stumbling before the break, it hasn't played itself out of playoff contention. The Bucks trail eighth-place Indiana for the final spot by 3 1/2 games. However, they know their offense needs to be better. Milwaukee is the worst-shooting (42.3 percent) and lowest-scoring (91.3 points per game) team in the NBA. The Bucks are averaging 89.6 points in their last seven games. "We just have to be able to make a couple of plays to get over the hump," guard John Salmons said after a 94-87 loss to Denver on Wednesday. "It is frustrating, but we just have to keep playing through it." Salmons had his best game of the season against the Nuggets, scoring 33 points on 13-of-23 shooting. Milwaukee will begin the second half looking to take better advantage of favorable matchups. Of its last five losses, three came against teams that had losing records. The Bucks would particularly like to avenge a 96-85 loss to Minnesota (13-43) on Oct. 29. They shot 35.6 percent, were outrebounded 62-39 and Salmons was held to seven points on 3-of-8 shooting. The Western Conference-worst Timberwolves have recorded eight of their 13 wins at the expense of teams from the East, but they've lost four straight overall, including 98-80 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday. "Guys are sick and tired of losing, I can tell you that right now," coach Kurt Rambis said. "They're disappointed in how we're playing. It's been a difficult year, winning and losing wise, on everybody." Minnesota has averaged 86.0 points and shot 36.8 percent over the last three games. Michael Beasley, averaging 19.9 points and 5.6 rebounds, has missed the last five with a sprained left ankle and it's not certain if he'll be available Tuesday night. Point guard Jonny Flynn will miss a second straight game after he was shut down before the break as he tries to recover from hip surgery. Flynn, averaging 5.8 points and 3.3 assists, will also sit out Wednesday against Memphis. Beasley's injury will put additional pressure on All-Star Kevin Love, who leads the league in rebounding with 15.5 per game while averaging 21.1 points. He had 17 points and 16 rebounds against the Bucks in October. While the Timberwolves are realistic, they are hoping for a better finish this season after going 2-27 down the stretch last year. "Everybody says it's going to take some time," center Darko Milicic said. "We're going through that time right now and it's painful." The Timberwolves have lost five of their last six visits to Milwaukee. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   