Mavericks-Trail Blazers Preview By SANTOSH VENKATARAMAN Posted Mar 14 2011 1:51PM LaMarcus Aldridge may have slowed down near the end of Portland's road trip, but he's been nothing short of spectacular this season against his hometown team. His play, however, hasn't resulted in any victories over the Dallas Mavericks. Aldridge will try to lead the Trail Blazers to their first win in three tries against the Mavericks this season Tuesday night at the Rose Garden. Portland (37-29) is back home after splitting four games on the road, losing the last two. Aldridge averaged 18.5 points and shot 39.4 percent in defeats to Charlotte and Atlanta, compared to 25.0 points and 55.3 percent shooting in wins over Miami and Orlando. "The road trip was not as good as we wanted, but we will take two wins over nothing any day, especially against high-caliber teams such as Miami and Orlando," guard Wes Matthews told the Blazers' official website. "Those wins give us confidence knowing we can play with everybody." The Trail Blazers have played the Mavericks (47-19) close this season, but have dropped two matchups by a total of nine points. That's despite the Dallas-born Aldridge averaging 31.5 points and 10.0 rebounds. The forward has also been very consistent at home against Dallas, averaging 20.3 points and 52.8 percent shooting in six starts. Portland split those games after losing the previous six home games versus the Mavericks. The Blazers are in seventh in the Western Conference while the Mavericks are in second, making this a possible playoff preview. Dallas, however, has struggled somewhat and is in danger of being passed by the Los Angeles Lakers. The Mavs have dropped three of five and fell 96-91 to the Lakers on Saturday. "It's a tough loss because it's a game that obviously had meaning," coach Rick Carlisle said. "I'm disappointed with the outcome, but not the effort." Dirk Nowitzki and Shawn Marion each scored 25 points and totaled 22 rebounds. Although Dallas held a 48-43 rebounding edge, it couldn't stop Lakers center Andrew Bynum from scoring 22 points and grabbing 15 boards. "I think we did a decent job of keeping them off the glass, but they're still long in there and they still had plenty of opportunities near the basket," Nowitzki told the Mavs' official website. Dallas' Peja Stojakovic missed his third straight game with a stiff neck, with Marion again starting in his place. The Mavs have won nine of 11 on the road as they open a two-game trip that ends Wednesday against Golden State. Dallas is 10-5 in the first half of back-to-backs and 11-4 in the second half. "Two big games and back-to-backs are never easy in this league," Nowitzki said, "so hopefully we're ready." Portland also hopes it will be better prepared than it was over the weekend. The Trail Blazers fell 97-92 at Charlotte on Friday and shot 35.1 percent in a 91-82 loss at Atlanta on Saturday. Coach Nate McMillan cited fatigue as a reason for the second defeat. "That's what it looks like," McMillan said. "I mean we were missing shots like crazy. I thought (the Hawks) made the effort." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited