
 Grizzlies-Hawks Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Dec 01 2010 1:58AM The Atlanta Hawks' season-opening victory against the Memphis Grizzlies began a 6-0 start. Now, the Hawks can extend another winning streak at the expense of the Grizzlies. Atlanta hosts Memphis on Wednesday night looking for its fourth straight victory and ninth in its last 10 against the Grizzlies. The Hawks had six players in double figures Nov. 27 in a 119-104 victory against Memphis, led by Joe Johnson's 22 points. Atlanta reeled off five more wins before losing seven of nine. The Hawks (11-7) appear to have regained their early season form in their recent three-game winning streak, outscoring opponents by an average of 16.0 points. Nine of the Hawks' 11 wins have been by double digits. Josh Smith recorded his third career triple-double with 12 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists in Sunday's 96-78 win in Toronto. "It just seemed like he was all over the floor," coach Larry Drew said of Smith. "When he plays like that and when he plays under control, he just does so much for us." Al Horford and Johnson each added 16 points, but Johnson was held to less than 20 for the seventh time in eight games. He's scoring 17.1 points per game after averaging more than 20 the past five seasons. That seems to be just fine with Drew, who is more concerned about the team playing together. "I've always said we're a five-man attack team," Drew said. "When you have that mentality, and you share the basketball the way we do, it makes us a very difficult team to guard." The Hawks have won the last four meetings against the Grizzlies in Atlanta, but Memphis is poised to end that streak. The Grizzlies (8-10) have won four of five, including Tuesday's 98-96 victory against the two-time reigning champion Los Angeles Lakers. Mike Conley led six Grizzlies in double figures with a season-high 28 points. Rudy Gay added 14 and blocked Ron Artest's last-second 3-point attempt to preserve the win. Memphis has held five of its last six opponents to less than 100 points. "The type of defensive-minded team we are here in Memphis, the sky is the limit," Gay said. "We all have aspirations of the playoffs. You have to play defensively every night." The win against the Lakers may continue to boost the confidence of the Grizzlies, who have lost six of eight on the road and five of seven against the Eastern Conference. "Our team came out and competed against one of the best teams in the NBA, and they competed well enough to get a win," coach Lionel Hollins said. Conley and Mike Bibby could provide an intriguing point guard matchup as it did in the teams' first meeting. Conley's only other 20-point game this season came against the Hawks, when he finished with 23 and had eight assists. Bibby finished with a season-high 19 points, going 4 for 4 from 3-point range. Memphis last won in Atlanta on Nov. 12, 2005, when the Grizzlies beat the Hawks 85-84. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   