
 Magic-Hawks Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Mar 29 2011 3:54PM The Orlando Magic and Atlanta Hawks will likely be first-round playoff foes, but each team could look much different for that series than in their final regular season meeting. The Hawks may be without leading scorer Joe Johnson for a second consecutive game Wednesday night when they look to win their third straight over the injury-plagued Magic at Philips Arena. Orlando (47-27) and Atlanta (42-32) are set up to meet in the first round of the playoffs, sitting comfortably as the Eastern Conference's fourth and fifth seeds, respectively. The Hawks have won the last two meetings after dropping the first and now look to win the season series for the first time since 2006-07. Each club is struggling to stay healthy. While Magic guards Jameer Nelson (knee), Quentin Richardson (back) and Chris Duhon (thumb) are all day-to-day, J.J. Redick (abdomen) will miss his 10th straight game Wednesday. Atlanta lost Johnson to a sprained thumb in Saturday's win over New Jersey and he's day-to-day. The Hawks managed to beat the league's worst team without Johnson on Sunday, defeating Cleveland 99-83. Marvin Williams had a season-high 31 points while Al Horford had 20 points and 10 rebounds. Atlanta went 5-4 without Johnson when he was sidelined by an elbow injury in December. "It was something we had to learn to do," Williams said of Johnson's absence. "The guy doesn't miss many games. We knew what we had to do. Everyone had to chip in a little more." The Magic weren't as fortunate in their last game without some key contributors. Orlando's five-game winning streak was snapped by a 113-106 overtime loss at New York on Monday. Besides the injured players, Dwight Howard, Hedo Turkoglu and Earl Clark fouled out. Howard, who had 29 points and 18 rebounds, picked up his 17th technical foul, moving him one away from another one-game suspension. "It was a wild, wild game, but we still had a chance to win it if a few things had gone the other way," Howard told the Magic's official website. "It's an intense game out there and I'm emotional sometimes. My teammates know what is going on, but we'll just move on." Despite scoring only four points in the first half, Howard had another big game on the day he was named Eastern Conference player of the week. He is averaging 26.3 points on 65.8 percent shooting to go with 16.7 rebounds over the last six games. With injuries hurting their depth, the Magic have been helped by improved play from Turkoglu, averaging 18.0 points the last three games. Gilbert Arenas, meanwhile, made his first start in place of Nelson on Monday and played a season-high 43 minutes, finishing with nine points, a season-high 10 rebounds and five assists. "It's not easy when four of your five starters are having to play 41-plus minutes, we have injuries and we're having to move guys in and out just to try and stay fresh," forward Ryan Anderson said. "But regardless of everything that's happened this season we've been relentless." Howard had 27 points in Orlando's win over the Hawks on Nov. 8, but in the two losses to Atlanta he's averaged 16.5. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   