Warriors-Pelicans Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 26 2013 1:40AM The slumping Golden State Warriors are eager to get back on the court after a couple days off. Bouncing back, though, could prove difficult without two key pieces. Andrew Bogut will join Andre Iguodala on the sidelines as the Warriors open a four-game road trip Tuesday night against the New Orleans Pelicans. Golden State (8-6) has followed a four-game winning streak with three consecutive defeats, falling 113-101 to red-hot Portland on Saturday. Klay Thompson scored 30 points on 10-of-13 shooting before fouling out and Stephen Curry added 22 and 11 assists. "Just bad basketball," said coach Mark Jackson, whose team dropped to 1-4 when allowing 100 points. "One thing we will not win is a shootout - we're not built that way." The Warriors, who led 70-56 with 7:53 left the third quarter, saw things start to fall apart minutes later after Bogut got into a shoving match with Trail Blazers center Joel Freeland. Six technical fouls and three ejections were issued after others got involved. "We did not respond once the altercation took place," Jackson said. "We gave them life by not doing what we were doing the entire first half. You have to be able to sustain it. We did not and we paid the price because of it." While Bogut was allowed to remain in the game, he later received a one-game suspension for his role in the scuffle. The former No. 1 overall pick is tied with David Lee for the team lead with 9.4 rebounds per contest. "Andrew is a huge part of what we do, especially defensively," Lee said. "He's our anchor." In addition to Bogut's absence, Iguodala remains sidelined with a strained left hamstring. Jermaine O'Neal is also uncertain to be available after missing the last four games with a bruised knee. "We haven't been playing our best ball, and we've been short-handed," Lee said. "It's going to be good to just get on the road. We want to get back on the court, go out and take care of some of the things you haven't been doing, so we're looking forward to the game (Tuesday)." The Warriors play seven of their next eight on the road, where they've averaged 89.3 points during a 1-3 stretch. However, they averaged 102.5 in taking all four matchups against New Orleans (6-7) last season. The Pelicans had won three straight - all at home - before falling 112-93 at San Antonio on Monday. Leading scorer Anthony Davis was held to a season-low 10 points on 3-of-8 shooting as New Orleans fell behind by as many as 32. "We've just got to play harder," said Davis, averaging 19.8 points. "They just came out and put it on us. It's tough. We didn't play with (any) effort. No energy. We didn't care. We played like we didn't care, and it kind of showed." New Orleans was limited to 38.1 percent shooting, going a season-worst 2 of 15 (13.3 percent) from 3-point range. "We got some wide open shots, but we just didn't knock them down," point guard Jrue Holiday told the team's official website. "It happens. Sometimes you go in there and it's not falling." The Pelicans have outscored foes by an average of 14.7 points during a four-game home winning streak. New Orleans hasn't won five straight on its own court since a six-game run Jan. 12-Feb. 1, 2011. Eric Gordon, who has totaled 32 points on 31.6 percent shooting in his last three games, is averaging 24.0 points in his last five matchups against Golden State. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited