Pacers-Grizzlies Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Mar 19 2011 12:35AM The Indiana Pacers and Memphis Grizzlies hold the final playoff position in their respective conferences, but only one team seems poised to retain that spot. The Pacers will try for their fourth win in five games Saturday night while looking to snap a three-game slide to the host Grizzlies. Eighth-place Indiana extended its lead over Charlotte to 1 1/2 games Friday after a 115-108 overtime victory over Chicago combined with the Bobcats' loss at Oklahoma City. The Pacers (30-39) nearly missed that opportunity as they blew a 20-point lead to the Central Division leaders. Darren Collison fouled Derrick Rose on a 3-point attempt with 1.2 seconds left, and the Bulls' All-Star guard sent it past regulation. Collison helped Indiana outscore the visitors 13-6 in the extra session, and Tyler Hansbrough finished with 29 points and a career high-tying 12 rebounds. "I've seen a lot of teams that would have sort of come out in that overtime in a fog after that type of comeback by Chicago," coach Frank Vogel said. "Our guys didn't do that. They kept their composure, their poise and handled their business in overtime." The eighth-place Grizzlies had their lead in the West cut to one game with a 120-99 drubbing at New York on Thursday. Memphis gave up a franchise-worst 20 3-pointers while losing for the third time in four games. "It was one of them games, a disappointing game," forward Zach Randolph said. "We came out and played and didn't stick to our game plan (and) didn't stick to the identity of our team the way we play and they blew us out." The Grizzlies (37-32) have prevailed by an average of 12.7 points in three consecutive wins over Indiana, including 104-90 at Conseco Fieldhouse on Dec. 26. Rudy Gay scored 30 points for Memphis, but hasn't played since Feb. 15 because of an injured left shoulder. The Pacers will try to take advantage of his absence to try and avoid a third consecutive defeat at the FedExForum. Randolph had 26 points and 16 rebounds in the previous matchup there, a 107-94 win on Dec. 18, 2009. Indiana will try to limit the Grizzlies' big man while trying to record only its second win in eight road games this month. Memphis, meanwhile, has split its past four at home, but scored at least 105 in each of its last three. The Grizzlies are shooting 53.0 percent over that stretch. Memphis will play eight of its final 13 games at home, but could use a strong defensive performance against Danny Granger, who scored 29 points in the December loss. Granger has averaged 24.5 points in his last two games in Memphis, but sat out the previous game there with a torn plantar fascia. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited