Warriors-Trail Blazers Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Dec 18 2010 2:18AM The Portland Trail Blazers' star guard definitely won't be available Saturday night. The Golden State Warriors could be getting theirs back. Playing their second straight game without the injured Brandon Roy, the Trail Blazers go for their season-high fifth straight victory at the Rose Garden, where Stephen Curry may make his return on the court where he delivered one of his best games as a professional. Averaging his fewest minutes (35.4) since winning the rookie of the year award in 2006-07, Roy likely will be out at least one more week due to left knee soreness. Without the three-time All-Star, Portland (13-14) avoided a fourth consecutive loss with a 107-102 victory over lowly Minnesota on Friday. The Trail Blazers won their season-best fourth in a row at home as LaMarcus Aldridge matched a career high with 36 points and added 10 rebounds with five blocks. Rudy Fernandez scored a career-high 26 with six assists. Portland, though, lost Marcus Camby and Nicolas Batum in the first half with right shoulder injuries. Neither returned and their status for this game is unknown. Looking to win five straight at home for the first time since a six-game run from March 3-31, Portland will face a Warriors team trying to avoid its second five-game road skid since Nov. 10. Losers of 12 of 14 overall, Golden State (9-16) may be without Curry for the fourth consecutive game. The second-year guard sprained his right ankle in a 111-94 loss in San Antonio on Dec. 8. "We're going to go by as if he's not playing," coach Keith Smart said Thursday. "It will be a bonus if he is there." Curry is second on the team with 20.1 points and a team-high 5.6 assists per game this season. On April 14, Curry scored a career-high 42 points with nine boards and eight assists as the Warriors snapped a four-game losing streak in Portland with a 122-116 win. Roy (torn meniscus) and Aldridge (gastrointestinal virus) did not play. If Curry is unable to play, Reggie Williams will likely get another start. He had career highs with eight 3-pointers and 31 points in the loss to the Spurs 10 days ago. Williams sank four 3s and had 22 of his 26 points in the second half as Golden State ended a seven-game losing streak Tuesday with a 108-99 victory over the Timberwolves. "Right now my job is just to try to step up and fill (Curry's) void and try to take care of business until he comes back," said Williams, averaging 22.3 points in the last four games. "Those guys encourage me to shoot. I just have to take it upon myself to be more aggressive when they ask me to." Nobody has to tell that to the Warriors' Monta Ellis, who is among the league leaders averaging 19.9 shots. Ellis is scoring a team-high 24.4 points per game. He went 27 of 49 from the floor and totaled 64 points in two visits to Portland last season. Trail Blazers swingman Wesley Matthews scored 21 points Friday despite going to the locker room for the final few minutes of the third quarter with a leg injury. He is scoring 21.8 points per game - 6.5 more than his season average - in the four games Roy has been sidelined with knee injuries this year. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited