Thunder-Rockets Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Jan 11 2011 4:28PM The Oklahoma City Thunder have had little trouble in two home wins against the Houston Rockets this season, but they lost by one at the Toyota Center in late November. That was still as close as they've come to success recently in Houston. Kevin Durant, coming off an impressive performance, looks to end his woes in Houston and help the Thunder franchise halt an 11-game losing streak there as the teams conclude their season series Wednesday night. Durant had 28 of his 40 points in the second half Saturday night as Oklahoma City defeated visiting Memphis 109-100. It was his second 40-point game this season and the 14th of his career. The league's reigning scoring champion has helped the Thunder (25-13) have an even easier time at home against the Rockets (17-21) this season, averaging 28.0 points in a pair of victories by a combined 29. But Durant was held to 18 in a 99-98 loss at the Toyota Center on Nov. 28, missing a short jumper as time expired. He's averaged 20.3 points in six games there - his second-lowest road average versus a Western Conference opponent - and Houston is one of only five NBA cities in which he hasn't won. The franchise's struggles there date back to its days in Seattle. Overall, the Thunder and SuperSonics have lost 11 straight at the Toyota Center by an average of 14.1 points, dating to Feb. 22, 2005. Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks certainly doesn't see the Rockets as a team four games below .500. "They've been good for a while now," Brooks told the team's official website. "... The last game we had a chance to win with a last-second shot. They have good players. (Shane) Battier is a good defender, (Luis) Scola's as smart and crafty as any four man in the league and he gives us problems like he gives the league problems. (Jordan) Hill has stepped up and started to play good basketball, and their backcourt is good." The Rockets got Aaron Brooks back Monday at Boston after the point guard had missed three games with an ankle injury, but leading scorer Kevin Martin didn't suit up due to a sore right wrist. Brooks made sure they didn't miss Martin too much. He tied a season high with 24 points in Houston's impressive 108-102 victory, and said afterward that as long as he and Kyle Lowry (17 points, eight assists) are out there, the Rockets are still tough to contain. "We got two guys in there who can create and shoot the ball," Brooks said. "As long as Kyle can guard the two man, that makes us very dangerous." Martin's status for Wednesday is unclear, but the presence of Brooks - who has missed the Rockets' last three meetings with the Thunder - is enough to keep Oklahoma City's coach worried. "He's a 20-point scorer," Scott Brooks said. "We have to do a good job of keeping him from getting easy shots and that's not easy. He is as quick as anybody and he has a great handle, he gets into the paint and scores around the basket and he's a great 3-point shooter." Despite Lowry's ability to defend shooting guards, he'll likely find himself trying to stay in front of point man Russell Westbrook on Wednesday. The Rockets, though, may still need Lowry to chip in offensively. Houston is 10-4 when he scores 12 points or more, and Lowry totaled just 11 in the three meetings with the Thunder. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited