Thunder-Spurs Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Feb 23 2011 12:29AM The San Antonio Spurs may own the best record in the NBA, but they're still not satisfied. Continuing their success against Kevin Durant and the Northwest Division-leading Oklahoma City Thunder won't change that. Playing at home for the first time in nearly a month, the Spurs emerge from the All-Star break Wednesday night looking to defeat Durant and the Thunder for a sixth straight time. League-best San Antonio (46-10) leads Dallas by six games atop the Western Conference with 26 to play, but merely having a good regular season won't suffice for the Spurs. "To date we have a good record but nothing of importance has been accomplished yet," said Gregg Popovich, who coached the West during Sunday's All-Star game. Popovich's players appear to share that mentality. "I think the main key for us is just to stay focused and not be satisfied," point guard Tony Parker said. "Keep working on the stuff we want to get better at, especially our defense. Aside from that, I think the biggest key for is to stay healthy." San Antonio allowed Chicago to shoot 53.8 percent from the field in Thursday's 109-99 loss to conclude a 6-3 road trip caused by a rodeo at AT&T Center. The Spurs may be helped by returning to San Antonio, where they're a league-best 25-2 on the season and have won 18 in a row. A meeting with Durant and the Thunder (36-19) would appear to provide a major test, but the Spurs have won the last five meetings, including a 101-74 home victory Jan. 1, when they held Oklahoma City's superstar forward to 16 points - well below his league-best 28.7 average. Tim Duncan had 21 points and nine rebounds to lead San Antonio, while Parker added 14 points and 10 assists and George Hill had 16 points off the bench. The Thunder gave a more typical offensive effort Tuesday, beating the Los Angeles Clippers 111-88. Durant scored 21 while Russell Westbrook had 13 with seven assists. Both players sat out the fourth quarter in order to be rested for this contest. "This is a great test," Parker said. "Great for our defense to play against Durant and Westbrook, two of the best scorers in the league. It's going to be a great game." Westbrook is averaging 22.1 points and 8.5 assists on the season, but Parker and the Spurs have limited him to 34.3 percent shooting and averages of 13.6 points and 6.5 assists in 10 career meetings. The schedule won't get easy anytime soon for the Thunder. After facing San Antonio, Oklahoma City will visit Orlando on Friday before returning home to face the Los Angeles Lakers two days later. "We can't look ahead," coach Scott Brooks said. "If you do, it's overwhelming." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited