76ers-Raptors Preview By CHRIS ALTRUDA Posted Nov 24 2010 3:19PM The Toronto Raptors began their rebuilding when Chris Bosh decided to leave for Miami. After accelerating that process with a five-player trade, the revamped Raptors are expected to debut Jerryd Bayless and Peja Stojakovic on Wednesday night against the Philadelphia 76ers. While Bosh leaving in the offseason was a likely event, the eventual sign-and-trade with the Heat gave the Raptors (5-9) an exception worth $12 million against the salary cap. The key component in Sunday's deal with New Orleans was Stojakovic's expiring contract at season's end. Raptors general manager Bryan Colangelo has at least $25 million in expiring contracts ahead into what will undoubtedly be a tense offseason as the players and owners negotiate a new collective bargaining agreement, but the acquisition of Bayless gives the Raptors five players 25 or younger. "Whether or not we win games is really not the true issue right now, it's how much we're growing as an organization, how much these young kids are coming along," Colangelo said. Bayless averaged 4.5 points and 2.5 assists in limited action with the Hornets, but is ready to run Toronto's up-tempo offense. "I can't be more excited," he told the Raptors' official website. "This is an opportunity of a lifetime playing with these young guys and growing with them, it's something I have wanted to do since I have been in the league." Stojakovic's role is less defined. The 12-year veteran played only six games for New Orleans, and the 40 percent lifetime 3-point shooter may have similar problems cracking Toronto's rotation with its style of play. The Raptors enter this game with a three-game winning streak after edging Boston 102-101 on Sunday. Amir Johnson's two free throws with 2.7 seconds to play provided the tying and winning points. Andrea Bargnani scored 29 points and has averaged 28.3 on 58.2 percent shooting during the winning streak. He scored 30 on 12-of-18 shooting in a 94-86 win at Philadelphia on Nov. 17 that triggered the current three-game run. While the Raptors are learning how to win, the 76ers seem to be finding new ways to lose (3-11). An ill-advised shooting foul on John Wall by Jrue Holiday 40 feet from the basket with 3.5 seconds to play in regulation contributed to Philadelphia losing 116-114 in overtime to Washington on Tuesday. "All we had to do was just finish out the game, and we just made critical mistakes again. That's just crushing us. That's been the story of our whole first 14 games of the season," coach Doug Collins said. "You've got to be careful because when a guy is running at you with the ball like that, you've got to know when he sees you coming that he's going to pick up and launch it." Swingman Andre Iguodala, who had missed the previous three games with tendinitis in his Achilles', had 23 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists while logging 50 minutes. Philadelphia had seven players in double figures, but failed to put together consecutive wins for the first time this season. 76ers forward Elton Brand won't be available after being ejected with 3:32 left in the fourth quarter for knocking down JaVale McGee with a two-handed shove following a dunk. He was suspended by the NBA hours before this game. Toronto has won five of six between the teams. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited