Grizzlies-Warriors Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 19 2013 5:29PM While much has been made about Golden State's offensive prowess, the Warriors' efforts on the other end of the court have proven plenty noteworthy, too. They still haven't figured out how to contain the Memphis Grizzlies, though. Surging Golden State with be without Stephen Curry as it tries to avoid an 11th consecutive loss to the visiting Grizzlies on Wednesday night. The Warriors (8-3), shooting an NBA-best 46.0 percent from 3-point range, have won four straight while going 43 of 82 from long distance since falling 108-90 at Memphis on Nov. 9. The Grizzlies (6-5) have had Golden State's number over the years, taking the last 10 matchups while averaging 103.4 points. The Warriors are coming off Monday's 98-87 road win over Utah to complete a home-and-home sweep and improve to 7-1 when allowing 95 points or fewer. "We did the job defensively," coach Mark Jackson said. "You hope that the defense becomes the norm, which it has been for a couple years now. We take pride in it. Guys drill it. ... Offense will go up and down, but defensively we have an expectancy level, and, again, tonight we met it." Curry had 22 points and eight assists before leaving in the fourth quarter after Utah's Marvin Williams landed on his head during a loose-ball scramble. The team is calling his injury a "mild concussion," and his status is day to day. The Grizzlies will be without defensive stopper Tony Allen after he was suspended one game without pay for kicking Los Angeles Clippers guard Chris Paul in the face on Monday. The Warriors outrebounded the Jazz 57-40 - including 14-6 on the offensive glass - and held them to 39.5 percent shooting. Golden State, surrendering 96.3 points per game, also ranks among the league leaders with a 42.3 opponent field goal percentage. "We are starting to get an identity, especially defensively. We are known as an offensive team, but ... our team defense has been very, very good," said Andrew Bogut, averaging 10.0 boards over the last six games. "When we can keep teams under 40 percent (shooting) and keep our turnovers down, there aren't many teams that can play with us." Klay Thompson and Harrison Barnes had 17 points apiece as the Warriors posted 19 points off 11 Jazz turnovers "We're playing well and sharing the ball, but more importantly, our defense is solid," Curry said. "When you are getting stops and you're able to run in transition, the offense seems to flow pretty smoothly." Thompson has been held in check against the Grizzlies, posting 10.4 points on 38.8 percent shooting in eight career meetings. Thompson leads Golden State with 20.5 points per contest. Memphis is looking to sweep a four-game road trip after beating the Clippers 106-102. Mike Conley scored eight of his 15 points during a four-minute stretch in the fourth quarter and Marc Gasol added 23 points, nine boards and eight assists. Zach Randolph stayed hot with 26 points and 15 rebounds, and was impressed with the team's defense after Allen was ejected in the first quarter for drawing a flagrant-2 foul. "It was real big, doing what we did and not having Tony," Randolph said. "Guys stepped it up. ... That's what we need." Randolph is averaging 25.3 points on 65.2 percent shooting and 12.0 rebounds during Memphis' three-game winning streak. The Grizzlies are 6-1 when he scores at least 15. Randolph had game highs of 23 points and 11 boards against the Warriors two weeks ago. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited