Cavaliers-Rockets Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Dec 11 2010 12:39AM The Houston Rockets did a remarkable job of shutting down the Cleveland Cavaliers at the Toyota Center when LeBron James was on the roster. With the way the Cavaliers are currently constructed, there's no reason to believe that won't continue. The Rockets have won four straight at home overall and against the Cavaliers, who have rarely been competitive during a six-game slide they'll hope to end Saturday night. Houston (8-14) is two games into a stretch during which it plays 10 of 11 against sub-.500 opponents, a prime opportunity to remove itself from the Southwest Division basement. The Rockets had no issues beating Detroit on Tuesday, getting a combined 78 points from Luis Scola, Kyle Lowry and Kevin Martin in a 97-83 win, however two-thirds of that trio was cold Friday in Milwaukee. Martin had 23 points but Scola and Lowry combined for just 21 on 8-of-28 shooting in a 97-91 loss. "We didn't do enough," Lowry said. "We let them get some shots that we shouldn't have. We made some mental mistakes and mistakes that we could have avoided. And they made us pay for it." Cleveland has been the team that's typically been ice cold when it's traveled to Houston. The Rockets have won 19 of 22 at home against the Cavaliers (7-15), including six of seven when James was around. They've been especially impressive during four straight victories, as Houston has held Cleveland to 74.8 points per game and 35.4 percent shooting. After dropping four of five at home to begin the season, the Rockets seem to have turned it around inside the Toyota Center. While winning four straight, they've held opponents to 95.3 points per game, an average exactly 10 points fewer than what they've yielded the rest of the season. Houston's accuracy from beyond the arc has helped. The Rockets are shooting 50.7 percent from 3-point range during their home streak, spearheaded by some big games from Shane Batter (11 for 19). The Cavaliers haven't lost seven in a row since March 29-April 9, 2004, near the end of James' rookie season. There's little evidence to suggest they can score enough - or get enough stops - to keep that from happening Saturday. Cleveland has given up 110.0 points per game and scored 90.7 during its six-game skid. The Cavaliers appeared on the verge of emerging from their funk Wednesday against Chicago, but a disastrous fourth quarter kept that from happening. Cleveland blew an eight-point lead in the final 12 minutes, losing 88-83. Though he wasn't happy, coach Byron Scott wasn't questioning the Cavaliers' effort like he had after the team's 20-point loss in Philadelphia a night earlier. "We played hard for 48 minutes," Scott said. "If we play hard like that, I can live with that." Scott made some changes to his lineup following the loss to the 76ers. Joey Graham, who had started eight of the Cavs' last nine games, didn't play, nor did guard Ramon Sessions. Jamario Moon, who started the team's first 12 contests, was inactive. Antawn Jamison made his first start against Chicago and scored 21 points, but the player Cleveland really needs to get going is point guard Mo Williams. The Cavaliers are 4-0 when he scores at least 22 points, and 1-12 when he's been healthy and scored 21 or fewer. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited