
 Warriors-Pistons Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Nov 06 2010 1:56PM A stronger commitment to defense along with a favorable early schedule has helped the Golden State Warriors get off to their best start in 16 years. With the schedule getting tougher and a five-game road trip beginning Sunday against the Detroit Pistons, first-year coach Keith Smart implores his team to continue to work hard defensively. Golden State (4-1) will become the league's last team to play its second road game, and it has taken advantage by winning all four of its contests at Oracle Arena. The Warriors, off to their best start since the 1994-95 team began 5-0, won't have the benefit of playing much in front of the home crowd in the next three weeks, however, with nine of their next 12 games on the road. "This is going to be our biggest test right here when we go on the road," guard Monta Ellis said after Friday's 85-78 win over Utah. "We have five games in seven days so it's a big test for us. It's the first time we're going on a road trip and there are some winnable games." The first stop on the trip appears to be a winnable one, despite Golden State's recent road struggles against the Pistons. The Warriors, who lost 104-95 at The Palace of Auburn Hills last season, have dropped three straight in Michigan and are 1-14 there since the 1994-95 season. The Pistons (1-5), though, have had their share of problems this fall. Detroit avoided its first 0-6 start since 1980 with Friday's 97-90 win over Charlotte, as Pistons coach John Kuester benched rebellious guard Rodney Stuckey and started Tracy McGrady at the point. "I'm happy for the organization, but mostly I'm happy for the players," Kuester said. "Obviously, this has been a tough way to start the season, but these guys have kept playing hard." Kuester decided not to play Stuckey, who ignored his coach in Wednesday's 94-85 loss to Atlanta, but said his fourth-year guard would be available against the Warriors. Stuckey averaged 23.0 points against Golden State last season, his second-best against any opponent. Much of Stuckey's scoring success against the Warriors in 2009-10 could be attributed to the lack of defense played by former coach Don Nelson's club. Golden State was last in the NBA in scoring defense at 112.4 points per game, but is dedicating itself defense under Smart, allowing an average of 102.6 points. The Warriors limited the Jazz to 39.5 percent shooting and held an opponent to its fewest points since Utah also scored 78 on Nov. 25, 2006. "We have a saying 'D.T.W. - defense travels well,'" Smart said. "If you can lock into your defense, that's what they've done and that kept us in the game." The addition of David Lee, acquired in an offseason trade with New York, has helped bolster the defense and improve the team's rebounding. The forward had 14 points and 15 rebounds Friday for his fourth double-double in five games. The Warriors have outrebounded four of their first five opponents, and are averaging 46.6 rebounds per game. That's in stark contrast to last season, when they averaged a league-worst 38.4 rebounds and were outrebounded by an average of 9.7 per game. Golden State should be able to control the glass against the Pistons, who have been outrebounded in four of six games and are averaging 38.5 boards per contest. "We just have to play like we did (Friday)," said Ellis, who averages a team-best 28.6 points. "Also continue to play hard as a team with scrappy defense and come out with a successful road trip." Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   