Mavericks-Hawks Preview Posted Nov 28 2013 5:56PM Monta Ellis and Jeff Teague were each held to a season-low four points in their previous games. It was a much different story for both guards when the Dallas Mavericks and Atlanta Hawks met in the season opener. Ellis, who turned in a spectacular Mavericks debut in that contest, faces Teague and the Hawks again when they complete the season series Friday night at Philips Arena. Dallas (10-6) won 103-99 over Golden State on Wednesday even though Ellis missed 14 of 16 shots from the field. The Mavs' leading scorer decided to be more of a distributor and matched a season high with 10 assists. "Just have to continue to play," said Ellis, who leads Dallas with 22.3 points per game. "Just one of those nights where they just wouldn't go in. Coach (Rick Carlisle) just told me to stay aggressive and I did." Atlanta (8-8) fell 113-84 that same night in Houston. Teague came in averaging a team-high 17.8 points, but he missed all of his season-low five shots. Both players led their clubs in scoring in the Mavericks' 118-109 home victory Oct. 30. Ellis had 32 points and eight assists, while Teague finished with 24 and nine. Dallas shot 57.1 percent - its second-highest mark this season. Dirk Nowitzki scored 24 points and Vince Carter had 21. Atlanta held a 20-19 edge in fast-break points. "They're a very athletic team," Nowitzki said. "Teague is very, very fast so we gotta make sure we get back and kind of force them into a half-court game, 'cause if we turn the ball over, Teague is so fast, he's at the rim laying it in and he gave us some problems last game getting in the lane." Atlanta seeks to avoid extending its longest losing streak of the season to four games. The Hawks finished with their lowest point total against the Rockets and were outscored 36-17 in the fourth quarter. "They just turned the intensity up more and we had an opportunity there in the third to really cut it down and we turned the ball over and took a bad shot and they got to scoring and kept finding ways to expand the lead," center Al Horford said. "You have to give them credit." Forward Kyle Korver sat out with a rib injury. If he returns, he will have a chance to match Dana Barros' NBA record by making a 3-pointer in his 89th straight game. Korver has hit at least one 3-pointer in his last nine games against Dallas. The Hawks may also have Lou Williams available after he didn't make the trip to Houston. Williams is being eased back into shape, and has played four times since returning from a torn ACL. "When you let them get their confidence up, they've got some shot-makers," Nowitzki said. "(Paul) Millsap and Horford are tough so they're a good team and we've got to be ready for them." The Mavs are giving up an average of 103.4 points for the NBA's third-worst mark, while their 27.9 free throw attempts allowed per game trail only the Los Angeles Clippers. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited