
 Kings-Suns Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Nov 11 2010 2:17PM With Steve Nash running the point for Phoenix and Tyreke Evans leading Sacramento, the Suns and Kings boast dynamic offenses. Both teams are coming off sloppy offensive performances, however, and they'll look to protect the ball better when they meet Friday night at US Airways Center. One night after defeating previously unbeaten Atlanta on the road, Phoenix (3-4) struggled in a 109-99 loss in Memphis on Monday. Grant Hill had a team-high 19 points and Jason Richardson added 17, but the Suns committed 23 turnovers. "That's (23) chances we don't get to shoot the basketball," coach Alvin Gentry said. "If we are managing our turnovers, and we've got 10 or 12 turnovers, that's 10 more possessions that we can shoot it at the basket. Make five of them, and it's a different story. We've just got to do a better job in that department." The Suns are one of the worst teams in the league in that category, averaging 17.6 turnovers, with Nash at 4.9 per game. The two-time league MVP ranked 12th in the league last season with an assist-to-turnover ratio of 3.02, but is at 1.82 in 2010-11. "The biggest thing for us, as we get more cohesive, we'll have less turnovers," Nash said. "I think that will be a problem that goes away." Facing Sacramento - which is playing its lone road contest in a nine-game span - could also help Nash and the Suns fix some of their woes. Nash is averaging 25.0 points with 54 assists to 16 turnovers during Phoenix's five-game winning streak over the Kings. The Suns, winners of 16 of the last 18 meetings, have outscored Sacramento by an average of 21.7 points in taking the last nine matchups in Phoenix. The Kings (3-4) are suddenly having trouble holding onto the ball, averaging 20.0 turnovers in their last two games after averaging 11.8 in their first five. They committed 19 and finished with a season low in points in Wednesday's 98-89 loss to Minnesota, their third straight. "I think that we're impatiently trying to break the offense off too soon, and go on our own too often," coach Paul Westphal said. "We've got big guys dribbling when they should be passing and then let the little guys dribble it up the floor. We've got people just going one-on-one into a crowd rather than seeing the defense and making the pass, or two. "We're just not playing together, playing to our strengths." Evans is coming off a forgettable performance, finishing with a season-low five points and matching a season worst with five turnovers in 27 minutes before fouling out. The 2009-10 Rookie of the Year came in averaging 22.6 points and 3.2 giveaways. "I think we're in a rush," Evans said. "We have to concentrate and be a little more focused." Trying to slow things down against the Suns could be problematic, however, as Phoenix averages 108.3 points. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   