Grizzlies-Jazz Preview By JUSTIN EINHORN Posted Dec 31 2010 12:41PM The Utah Jazz struggled a bit in December, though they still haven't lost to a team with a losing record since October. There's good reason to believe that trend will continue as January begins. Deron Williams and the Jazz take the court on New Year's Day trying to hand the Memphis Grizzlies their eighth consecutive loss in Salt Lake City. Utah went 8-6 in December and has lost two of three games this week - both to a Portland team which entered with a .500 record. The only time all season the Jazz (22-11) have lost to an opponent which entered with a losing record came Oct. 28 against Phoenix, which was 0-1. That's one of only two defeats Utah has had against teams which are currently under .500. Memphis (14-18) has been below the break-even mark since early November and went through December without posting a victory over a team which came in with a winning record. Also playing in the Jazz's favor is that the Grizzlies have lost seven straight in Utah, dating to Jan. 24, 2007, by an average of 18.3 points. The Jazz have won 12 of the last 13 meetings overall, and Williams missed the only loss due to injury. He's caused Memphis big problems, averaging 13.0 assists in his past 11 games against the Grizzlies and 24.0 points in the last four. The Jazz won 94-85 at home Dec. 6 in the only meeting this season behind 27 points from Williams, who continues to present a matchup problem for Memphis point guard Mike Conley. "He is very tough and physical," said Conley, 25 pounds lighter than Williams. "He is a big point guard and when you put your hands on him he will get the foul, but if you don't he'll blow right by you because he's so big and strong." Utah is 17-2 when Williams has at least nine assists, but he failed to post more than eight for a fourth straight game Thursday in a 100-89 road loss to the Trail Blazers. The Jazz, who had 18 turnovers, got no closer than seven points in the fourth quarter and trailed by as many as 19. "It was poor effort, all the way around," guard Raja Bell said. "You can talk it up all you want, but I thought we have to be tougher than that." While it's unclear if Mehmet Okur or Andrei Kirilenko will return after being sidelined Thursday with back injuries, C.J. Miles hopes to come back after sitting out with the flu. Miles had 20 points in the last meeting with Memphis, and Utah is 13-1 this season when he scores at least 13. The Grizzlies narrowly missed a chance to win their third straight Wednesday, losing 100-98 to Sacramento on Tyreke Evans' shot from midcourt at the buzzer. Memphis led for most of the second half and by as much as nine in the fourth quarter. "Every time we made strides to take a lead, they would come back and make great plays," said Rudy Gay, who was 6 of 17 from the field. "That was basically the story of the game. If a guy hits a half-court shot, what else can you do?" Zach Randolph had a season-high 35 points and 17 rebounds. He's averaged 21.8 points and 15.2 boards over the past five games. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited