Spurs-Thunder Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 08 2012 1:45AM The San Antonio Spurs' offense hasn't skipped a beat since leading scorer Manu Ginobili injured his left hand. It might not slow down against the Oklahoma City Thunder, either. In an early matchup of division leaders, the surging Spurs look to win their seventh in a row over the Thunder, who are completing a back-to-back-to-back stretch Sunday night. San Antonio (6-2) appeared to be in trouble when it found out Wednesday that Ginobili and his 17.4-point average would be out for at least two months because of a fractured hand. Instead, the Southwest Division leaders responded to the discouraging news by beating Golden State later Wednesday night and crushing Dallas 93-71 a day later. They then cooled off red-hot Denver on Saturday, erupting for a season high in points in a 121-117 victory. A different player has stepped up in each game of the winning streak, with Tony Parker scoring a season-high 21 against the Warriors and reserve Matt Bonner finishing with a season-best 17 against the defending champs. Danny Green became the latest to lead the way, scoring a career-high 24 on Saturday. "Manu's down and everybody's got to step their game up," Green said. "Luckily I've gotten the opportunity to do so. When I got in I just give as much effort defensively, that's my job. Hopefully everything falls into place hopefully offensively, and (Saturday) things did." Green, who came in averaging 5.4 points, was one of seven Spurs to reach double figures, as Parker and Richard Jefferson added 19 apiece. "We're going to have to focus," said Jefferson, who's averaged 17.3 points - hitting 13 of 20 3-pointers - since Ginobili went down. "We're going to have to play better, sharper. We have less room for error. Different people are going to have to step up." The Spurs had no shortage of production in winning last season's three meetings with the Thunder. San Antonio, which has won six straight over Oklahoma City since a 101-98 loss Nov. 14, 2009, averaged 109.0 points and shot 50.9 percent from 3-point range (29 of 57) in last season's series. Bonner was one of the surprising leaders for the Spurs, hitting 10 of 12 3-pointers and averaging 12.7 points. It was his highest-scoring average against any team last season. Parker led all Spurs, averaging 19.3 points on 56.4 percent shooting. The Thunder (7-2) enter this meeting as the top team in the Western Conference, but are facing the difficult challenge of playing a third game in as many days. After beating the Rockets 109-94 on Friday, Northwest-leading Oklahoma City won in Houston 98-95 the following night. The Thunder had some trouble in the rematch, trailing by three points with 1:53 remaining, but Kevin Durant scored eight of his 27 points the rest of the way. He hit a jumper with 23 seconds left to put Oklahoma City up by one, then nailed a pair of free throws with seven seconds remaining. "I made a few (big shots), but I wasn't as successful as I wanted to be," said Durant, who was 10 of 25 from the floor. "I think I cared about it too much, so now, I'm just letting it play out. Whatever happens, happens. I'm still confident in myself that I can make those shots. Hopefully, I make more shots." Durant averaged 23.0 points - 4.7 fewer than his league-leading average - in the Thunder's losses to the Spurs last season. Russell Westbrook, meanwhile, has shot 32.6 percent in his last five games against San Antonio. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited