Bucks-Cavaliers Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Jan 20 2011 7:03PM The Milwaukee Bucks overcame a plethora of injuries to break out of their latest funk. The Cleveland Cavaliers have had no such luck. Cleveland again looks to halt its longest losing streak in more than eight years when it hosts Milwaukee on Friday night. The Cavaliers (8-33) didn't record one double-digit losing streak during LeBron James' seven-year tenure but already have two this season. They have lost 24 of 25 and enter Friday mired in a 14-game skid, their worst since dropping 15 straight Nov. 6-Dec. 2, 2002. However, a 106-98 loss to Phoenix on Wednesday could be considered an improvement after the team was outscored by an average of 35.0 points in its previous three defeats. That stretch included a 112-57 drubbing from the Los Angeles Lakers on Jan. 11. "Something to build on," said Antawn Jamison, who scored 23 points against the Suns. "But there's no doubt that this is tough." Making matters worse, Cleveland learned Wednesday that starting point guard Mo Williams is expected to be lost for several weeks with a hip injury which already has caused him to miss seven games this season. Williams helped the Cavaliers win the only meeting of the season with the Bucks, scoring 25 points and hitting a jumper as time expired for an 83-81 victory Nov. 24. He joins a Cavs list of injuries which includes Anderson Varejao - out for the season with a torn ankle tendon - guards Anthony Parker (strained back) and Christian Eyenga (sprained ankle), plus forwards Leon Powe (knee surgery) and Joey Graham (strained quad). Daniel Gibson missed the Cavaliers' five-game road trip with an ankle sprain before returning against Phoenix and coming off the bench to score 16 points. "I've been in situations where we had injuries before, but not five or six guys at one time," coach Byron Scott said. "This is new to me." Milwaukee (15-24) played Wednesday without injured starters Brandon Jennings (left foot), Carlos Delfino (concussion) and John Salmons (right hip). Keyon Dooling scored a season-high 23 points as the Bucks snapped a three-game losing streak with a 100-87 win over Washington. Andrew Bogut scored only six points while battling a viral infection, but the Bucks avoided a seventh loss in eight games. Milwaukee, averaging an NBA-worst 91.2 points, reached 100 for only the second time in 16 games. "Scoring's been a problem for us, but (Wednesday) we did a good job of putting points on the board. It was a good shooting night," Dooling said. Delfino may return against the Cavaliers after practicing Thursday, though Salmons, Bogut and Drew Gooden (left foot) were held out. "Sometimes you might have certain guys, sometimes you might not," Dooling said. "We've got to concentrate on our brand of basketball. That's playing hard on the defensive end, executing on offense and playing together." Milwaukee could be poised to turn a corner if it can get on track offensively. The Bucks are allowing 92.9 points per game, third-best in the league. Milwaukee has lost eight of nine to the Cavs overall and 14 of 15 in Cleveland. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited