Warriors-Kings Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Dec 21 2010 2:42AM As the Golden State Warriors seek to avoid a season-high six-game road losing streak, potentially getting Stephen Curry back for a visit to the NBA-worst Sacramento Kings may present them with the ideal chance. The Warriors attempt to win for just the third time in 17 games overall as they face the Kings on Tuesday night. Golden State (9-18) is 3-12 on the road this season, dropping nine of its last 10 with a pair of five-game skids. That dubious stretch is part of a 2-14 overall run that has seen the Warriors give up an average of 109.6 points. Having Curry back could provide the boost they need. The guard, second on the team with an average of 20.1 points and first with 5.6 assists, has missed the last five games with a sprained right ankle, but there's a chance he could be back Tuesday. Coach Kevin Smart, though, may hold him out to see him practice first. Golden State also has injuries to center Andris Biedrins (sprained left ankle) and forward-center Dan Gadzuric (strained left groin), but Curry's absence has been the biggest blow. The team is 2-5 without him this season after losing 121-112 to Houston on Monday. "We've got to get a full team. We've got to get a roster to finish games," Smart said. "I don't look at the situation we're in right now. I know where we are. I look at where we're trying to go." Regardless of personnel, Monta Ellis continues to be the Warriors' top scoring threat. The guard scored 44 points against the Rockets, and leads Golden State with 25.2 per game. He's topped the 40-point mark three times this season, but only one of those efforts resulted in a victory. Ellis had 39 points in his last meeting with Sacramento (5-20) as the Warriors won 108-101 at home on Jan. 8. He missed the next two matchups with ankle and knee injuries, while Curry totaled 51 points and 21 assists in those games. The Pacific Division rivals split four meetings last season with the home team winning each time. The Kings, losers of 19 of 21, would like to see that trend continue, but they own the worst record in the NBA and have lost all five meetings against division foes by an average of 16.8 points. Sacramento showed few signs of being able to reverse its dismal season Sunday, extending its losing streak to five with a 102-93 home loss to Houston. The club sputtered in the fourth quarter, making 5 of 18 shots and scoring four points in the final 9:09. "We've got to find a way to break this losing streak," said swingman Francisco Garcia, who had 14 points. "I really don't have an answer for it, but we've got to find a way to close as a team." Tyreke Evans, who averaged 20.1 points as last season's NBA rookie of the year, was just 6 of 21 from the field against the Rockets and is shooting 34.0 percent in his last six games. He's averaging 14.5 points in that stretch, also missing one game with a sore left foot that may be slowing him down. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited