
 Grizzlies-Kings Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Nov 06 2010 3:12AM While the Memphis Grizzlies have gotten a key player back from injury, the Sacramento Kings have appeared to avoid one to star guard Tyreke Evans. Despite hurting his ankle in his most recent game, Evans is expected to play Saturday night when the Kings welcome the Grizzlies to Arco Arena. After missing four games with a bruised lower back, Zach Randolph had 12 points and 14 rebounds in his return Friday night against Phoenix. That wasn't enough, however, to give the Grizzlies their first win of a four-game Western trip. Memphis held a two-point lead with 0.4 seconds remaining in regulation, but Rudy Gay accidentally made a free throw, and the Suns were able to hit a halfcourt shot off the ensuing inbounds pass following a timeout to force overtime. The Grizzlies (2-4) fell behind by five early in the second overtime and couldn't recover in a 123-118 loss. "It was a lot of weird things that happened in that game," guard O.J. Mayo said, "some controllable, some uncontrollable. It was a tough loss to take." After that disappointing result, Memphis will try to wrap up its trip by adding to its recent success against Sacramento (3-2). The Grizzlies have won four of six over the Kings, including the past two meetings. They've also won two of three in Sacramento after losing 25 of 26 games there, including 20 in a row. The Kings' chances to pad that record got a little better with the news that Evans is expected to play despite not participating in any contact drills during practice Friday. Evans scored 21 points and made 10 of 17 shots Wednesday against the Lakers in a 112-100 loss to the two-time reigning champions. The Kings have scored at least 100 points in all five games, but they've allowed 104 or more points in those games and given up 109.2 per game overall. In 2009-10, the Kings finished worse than 23rd in scoring defense for the fourth straight campaign, coming in 25th at 104.4 points per game. They've allowed at least 58 first-half points in every game, and 60 or more in the first two periods of the last four. "We have to tighten up our defense. We have to tighten it up right from the start of the game," coach Paul Westphal said. "We have to get better at that and we will." Stopping Randolph and Rudy Gay might help. In his first season with Memphis, Randolph averaged 23.7 points and 10.3 rebounds in three games against the Kings. Gay has averaged 21.7 points in his last six meetings versus Sacramento. Evans faced the Grizzlies twice as a rookie and scored just three points while missing all four shots in his initial matchup. In the next, he scored 28 while making 10 of 18 attempts and all seven free throws. The Kings might not have Antonie Wright, who was arrested Thursday night for driving under the influence. Kings president of basketball operations Geoff Petrie did not say whether Wright would face a suspension, but rather that the team would wait to see the legal process out. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   