Raptors-Bobcats Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Dec 13 2010 10:47PM Coming off the largest comeback in franchise history, the Toronto Raptors are hoping better defensive pressure will help them avoid a similar deficit. A matchup with the low-scoring Charlotte Bobcats should alleviate that concern. Toronto looks to win two straight on the road for the first time this season on Tuesday night when the host Bobcats try to rebound from an effort that sent owner Michael Jordan into a postgame tirade. Down by 25 points in the third quarter and 16 entering the fourth, the Raptors (9-15) ended a four-game losing streak Saturday with a 120-116 road win over Detroit. Toronto's largest comeback prior to that was a 104-89 victory at the Los Angeles Clippers on Nov. 13, 2009, when it overcame a 22-point deficit. "I've never been in a game where we were shooting 60 percent and we were down 20 points," said coach Jay Triano, whose team trailed by 19 at halftime despite shooting 65 percent. "We knew we weren't having any problems scoring, but we had to take care of the ball and we had to box out. We did that a lot better in the second half." While 14 first-half turnovers led to 29 of the Pistons' 72 points, Toronto's poor defense has been a lingering concern. The Raptors have given up an average of 118.4 points and allowed opponents to shoot 52.2 percent the last five games. "We've just got to out there with the mindset to play defense," Jerryd Bayless, who scored a career high-tying 31 on Saturday, said following Monday's practice. "I know we know we can score, and defensively is where we're struggling." Bayless will likely start a third straight game for point guard Jose Calderon, who is hoping to return from a left foot injury in time for the start of a four-game homestand Wednesday against Chicago. While the Raptors look to shore up their defense, the Bobcats (8-15) are desperately trying to find ways to boost their sagging offense. Charlotte shot a season-worst 33.8 percent and committed 22 turnovers in Saturday's 93-62 home loss to Boston. After watching his team lose for the seventh time in 10 games and score the second-fewest points in franchise history, Jordan addressed his listless club in the locker room instead of coach Larry Brown. "With all due respect to Michael, it's not embarrassing to him. It's embarrassing to us and our families," Gerald Wallace said after missing 13 of 15 shots and scoring nine points. Although Charlotte is struggling and ranked among the league's worst with 93.6 points per game, Triano knows Wallace and leading scorer Stephen Jackson will provide a test for youngsters DeMar DeRozan and Sonny Weems. "Gerald gets to the free throw line, he runs the floor. Stephen's going to shoot 3s, he's going to play a mid-range game," Triano said. "They're kind of like who Sonny and DeMar can evolve to be as players." Wallace scored 19 points with a season high-tying 14 rebounds, while Jackson scored 10 of his 20 points in the fourth quarter and had a steal with five seconds left that sealed a 101-96 victory in Toronto on Nov. 10. DeRozan scored just four in the loss but Weems had 20 in the last game he's come off the bench. Andrea Bargnani had 16 points and nine rebounds as the Raptors snapped a two-game slide in Charlotte with a 103-101 victory March 29. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited