Hawks-Heat Preview By JEFF MEZYDLO Posted Jan 18 2011 11:30AM Despite being stuck in a three-game skid with their superstar trio banged up, the Miami Heat are not about to panic. With Chris Bosh out and the status of LeBron James uncertain, the Heat will try to avoid their longest losing streak of the season by continuing their recent success against the visiting Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday night. Injuries forced James, Bosh and Dwyane Wade to miss practice together for the first time this season Monday. Though Wade expects to play despite a sore knee, James hopes to avoid missing a third straight game with a sprained left ankle. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra says James will be a game-time decision after getting more treatment throughout the day. Bosh will sit out for the first time this season after rolling his left ankle in a 99-96 loss at Chicago on Saturday. He was able to walk around relatively pain-free Monday, and an MRI showed no serious injury. "I'd be crazy to try something like running or anything," Bosh said. "We just want to make sure that we stay pain-free right now. That's the main thing. ... It's better. It's not serious. So I consider myself lucky." The Heat, who had won 21 of 22 prior to their second three-game skid of the season, return home after a 2-3 trip. "We're dealing with a little adversity," James said. "But the confidence and the mood hasn't changed." Regardless of who is on the floor, the Heat (30-12) should remain confident despite facing an Atlanta club that has averaged 106.1 points while winning six of seven. Atlanta (27-15) has struggled at Miami, dropping 25 of 28 since the start of the 1996-97 season. The Hawks have averaged 80.5 points and shot 38.2 percent while losing four straight overall to Miami. Wade had 26 points with 10 rebounds, and James scored 22 in an 89-77 home win over Atlanta on Dec. 4. "They're a tough team," Hawks coach Larry Drew said. "Anytime you have guys that can potentially be 20-plus every night, you got your hands full." Wade has averaged 31.8 points while shooting 54.9 percent over the last four home games against the Hawks. Joe Johnson, who missed the Hawks' last visit to Miami while dealing with an elbow injury, has averaged 28.9 points on 52.4 percent shooting in his last seven games overall. He scored a season-high 36 points, including two free throws with 0.6 seconds remaining, to help give Atlanta a 100-98 win over Sacramento on Monday. "That's Joe, we cannot come out every night and expect Joe or even hope for Joe to bail us out," Drew said. The Hawks first led with 13 consecutive points early in the fourth quarter. Johnson admitted Atlanta could have been looking past the Kings and ahead to this contest. "You get to measure yourself against one of the top teams in the East," he said. "I'd be lying if I said it was just another game." Al Horford had 23 points, nine rebounds and seven blocks, and Josh Smith added 19 points with 10 rebounds Monday. Horford scored 22 and went 10 for 11 from the field last month at Miami, while Smith was held to 11 points and shot 4 for 12. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited