Warriors-Pelicans Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Jan 18 2014 2:27AM The Golden State Warriors have maintained their high-scoring ways over their last two contests, but breakdowns on the defensive end have been the main reasons for their slump. Golden State looks to get back on track by beating the host New Orleans Pelicans for the seventh straight time Saturday night. The Warriors (25-16) have dropped three of four following a 10-game winning streak. Two days after falling 123-116 at home to Denver, Golden State again struggled to stop anyone in Friday's 127-121 loss at Oklahoma City. Stephen Curry had 37 points and 11 assists against the Thunder, which shot 58 percent as Kevin Durant finished with a career-high 54 points. The Warriors hit 52.4 percent from the field. "We've got to get (the defense) back," coach Mark Jackson said. "We've got to play with the same edge that we played with before. Right now our team is a little bit too confident for the last two nights. We've got to get it back, but the good news is there's another one tomorrow." Klay Thompson added 26 points for Golden State, which has lost its last two on the road after winning its previous seven away from home. "We will figure it out," Curry said. "We scored 121 and 116 points the last two games and we're 0-2. We have to (bounce back). Right now we're challenged to find that tomorrow against another good team (on the road). It's disappointing for sure." Golden State has had its way with New Orleans in recent years, though. It hung on for a 102-101 road victory Nov. 26 before Curry had 28 points and 12 assists and David Lee added 21 points and 17 boards to lead the Warriors to a 104-93 home win over the Pelicans on Dec. 17. New Orleans (15-23) is coming off a 103-100 loss to Houston on Wednesday that extended its losing streak to seven. The Pelicans have dropped their last three by a total of 12 points while attempting to fight through injuries to key players. Ryan Anderson is out for two more months with a neck injury that may require surgery, Jrue Holiday has a stress fracture in his tibia that has kept him out of the last four, and a bone bruise in Tyreke Evans' left ankle has forced him to miss the last three. "It's something that we have to own and come out and get ready for Saturday," guard Brian Roberts said. "It's frustrating to come so close in three games, but we just have to bounce back." New Orleans led by as many as 17 in the first half against Houston but couldn't hang on. "I think the guys took the shots with confidence, they just didn't make them," coach Monty Williams said. Eric Gordon scored a season-high 35 points while Anthony Davis finished with 24, but the rest of the team shot 34 percent from the field. "It's tough when there's so much attention on Eric and (Davis) that other guys have to make shots," Williams said. "If you look at our numbers, they're not that great from a few of the guys that we're counting on." New Orleans has lost the last five home matchups with Golden State, with Gordon missing a potential winning 3-pointer in the closing seconds in November. Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited