Spurs-Hornets Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Jan 22 2011 1:53AM Little seems to be slowing down the San Antonio Spurs, who continue to add to the NBA's best record. However, they could face their biggest challenge yet over the next month. Winner of eight straight, San Antonio begins a difficult and road-heavy stretch of its schedule Saturday night when it visits New Orleans Arena trying to end the Hornets' seven-game winning streak. The Spurs (37-6) play 12 of their next 13 games coming on the road, starting with a three-game trip to New Orleans, Golden State and Utah. Despite a 9 1/2-game lead over Dallas and New Orleans in the Southwest Division and a league-best 13-4 road record, San Antonio isn't taking anything for granted. "The key for us ... is not to be satisfied," point guard Tony Parker said. "We should stay focused. Usually we play well on the road so hopefully we can keep it going." Parker and the Spurs open the trip against another surging Western Conference team. New Orleans (28-16) has won seven in a row and is coming off a dominating performance in a 100-59 victory over Atlanta on Friday. The Hornets' winning streak is the second-longest in the league behind San Antonio. The Spurs put on an impressive defensive display of their own in a 101-92 victory over New York on Friday. They held the Knicks to 37.8-percent shooting. San Antonio has given up fewer than 100 points in each victory of its eight-game winning streak. "It was a great test for our defense," said Parker, who had 21 points and 13 assists. "We played great defense." Tim Duncan had 21 points, 16 rebounds and five blocked shots Friday while DeJuan Blair recorded his third double-double in four games with 18 points and 13 rebounds. The Spurs have held the Hornets to 92.7 points per game while winning two of three meetings this season, including a 109-84 home victory Dec. 5 in which San Antonio shot 58.6 percent - the highest percentage allowed by the Hornets in 2010-11. New Orleans has allowed 100 points or more in regulation nine times all season - twice against San Antonio. The Hornets have been especially stingy during their seven-game winning streak, giving up 86.3 points per game. The Hawks shot 29.1 percent overall and scored 25 points in the second half of Friday's rout. "It's fun to play defense," said New Orleans point guard Chris Paul, who finished with 16 points and eight assists. "It's great to score but it's better to shut teams down and see guys sort of frustrated. When you know that you're playing team basketball, it's pretty special." New Orleans pulled its starters in the fourth quarter, giving them some rare extra rest heading into Saturday's showdown. In three of the previous four games, the Hornets had to rally from second-half deficits of 12 or more. New Orleans won eight straight to open the season, including a 99-90 victory over the Spurs on Oct. 30. The Hornets are 17-5 at home this season, including wins in their last three games there. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited