Grizzlies-Wizards Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Nov 18 2010 6:06PM The Memphis Grizzlies have struggled offensively during a tough stretch of schedule, losing four straight to teams that reached the playoffs last season. They have had a much easier time putting points up against their next opponent. The Grizzlies look to win their fifth in a row over the Wizards, who could be without John Wall for a third straight game Friday night. Two of Memphis' four consecutive losses have come in especially tough fashion. The Grizzlies fell 116-110 in overtime to Boston on Saturday and 100-99 to Portland on Tuesday. The Grizzlies (4-8) were held to 17 points in the first quarter by the Trail Blazers, but rallied to tie the game on Rudy Gay's 3-point play with 1:22 remaining. They fell short when Mike Conley missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer. Gay finished with 20 points while Zach Randolph had 19 and 14 rebounds. Memphis, which scored a season-low 72 points the night before at Orlando after being limited to 12 in the opening quarter, has been held to fewer than 100 points three times during its skid. It averaged 105.6 over the first eight. "It's always disappointing to lose, but I saw that the effort is there," coach Lionel Hollins said. "We are playing good defense; we're just struggling to score." A decrease in production from Gay hasn't helped. The forward averaged 26.5 points over the first eight games but is at 17.3 during the losing streak. Facing the Wizards (3-7) might help Memphis get back on track offensively. The Grizzlies have won four straight meetings while averaging 110.0 points, with Gay averaged 22.7 in his last three games against Washington. Memphis should have a good chance to continue that trend. Washington is allowing opponents to shoot 48.8 percent - among the highest in the NBA - while yielding 104.0 points per game. The Wizards lost 114-83 at Boston on Wednesday, giving up their highest point total in a regulation game this season. Nick Young had 20 points, but Gilbert Arenas, who scored 50 points over his previous two games, was held to nine in his second straight start. He shot 3 of 11 and had four turnovers. "We could not establish anything at all," coach Flip Saunders said. "They challenged every pass and every dribble. It was like men playing against boys tonight. They just manhandled us at every spot." The Wizards were without Wall (left foot sprain) and Yi Jianlian (right knee bruise) for a second straight game. Both are questionable for Friday. Although Washington won its first game without them Tuesday, Wall and his team-leading 9.8 assists per game were missed Wednesday. The Wizards had a season-low 12 assists after recording at least 25 in each of their previous five games. Washington is 3-2 at home. The Wizards have held their last three opponents at the Verizon Center to fewer than 95 points. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited