Heat-Magic Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Mar 12 2012 5:59PM The Orlando Magic and Miami Heat are set to square off twice in a six-day stretch. The second matchup, however, could have a very different look. With the trade deadline looming, Tuesday's meeting between these Eastern Conference powers could be Dwight Howard's final home game with the Magic. While Linsanity and the Chris Paul-Blake Griffin pairing in Los Angeles have made plenty of headlines, the season's most drawn-out story has been Howard's demand for a trade from Orlando (27-15). The six-time All-Star center made his official trade request in December and with just days to go before Thursday's trade deadline, there's little idea how this saga will end. "Thursday, he'll either be here or he won't," Magic coach Stan Van Gundy said after Sunday's 107-94 win over Indiana. "There's closure, I guess, if he goes. If he stays, it just starts all over again." Despite wanting to play elsewhere, Howard, who can opt out of his current contract in July, has led the Magic to the East's third-best record. He had 30 points, 13 rebounds, five assists and four steals against the Pacers, Orlando's fourth victory in five games. The Magic prevailed despite missing Hedo Turkoglu (one-game suspension) and Jason Richardson (sprained left ankle). Richardson, who has averaged 12.2 points in 33 starts, is listed as day-to-day. After Sunday's game, Howard was asked if he was looking forward to the trade deadline. "I'm looking forward to the next game that we have," said the three-time reigning defensive player of the year, who averages a team-high 21.1 points and a league-best 15.0 rebounds. "That's the only thing on my mind right now." Orlando's final two games before the deadline are against Southeast Division-leading Miami (31-9) and at Southwest-leading San Antonio on Wednesday night. Howard had one of his best games of the season in a 102-89 home win over the Heat on Feb. 8, finishing with 25 points and 24 rebounds. Ryan Anderson had 27 points and 11 boards to help the Magic improve to 9-2 against the Heat in Orlando since 2006-07. LeBron James had one of his worst showings in that meeting, finishing with 17 points - one better than his season low - on 5-of-15 shooting. Eleven days later in Miami, James had 25 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists and Wade scored 27 to lead the Heat to a 90-78 win over the Magic. Howard had 12 points and 15 rebounds as Orlando's starters combined for 46 points on 37.2 percent shooting. The Heat, winners of 12 of 14 since last month's loss to the Magic, are opening a difficult portion of their schedule in Orlando. After this game, they'll visit Central-leading Chicago on Wednesday and Atlantic-leading Philadelphia on Friday before returning home to face what could be a different-looking Magic team on Sunday. The Heat begin this stretch feeling good after a 93-91 overtime win over Indiana on Saturday. James scored his team's last eight points of regulation - including a game-tying 3-pointer with 10 seconds to go - and Wade hit a jump shot with 0.1 seconds left in the extra session to lift Miami to a third straight victory. "Who's going to take the last shot? Whoever's open," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "And that's the point. We have a lot of weapons. We're at our best when you're not necessarily sure where that shot is coming from." Wade finished with 28 points against the Pacers, while James scored 27. The Heat, however, lost reserve swingman Mike Miller with a sprained left ankle and he isn't expected to make the trip. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited