Warriors-Hawks Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Dec 28 2010 1:48PM Following another impressive victory, the Golden State Warriors have a chance to win four straight for the first time in nearly three years. Extending that streak, however, likely won't be easy. The Warriors, who have struggled badly away from home, open a daunting five-game road trip Wednesday night against an Atlanta Hawks team seeking its ninth straight victory at Philips Arena. Golden State (12-18) is coming off one of its best performances of the season in a 110-95 win over Philadelphia on Monday. The Warriors made a season-high 15 3-pointers and finished with 31 assists, one shy of a season best. The team also did a good job of picking up the scoring slack when Monta Ellis' right ankle was hurting and his shot wasn't falling. Ellis, who averaged 39.7 points in his previous three games, missed seven of his first 11 attempts and finished with 22 points. Dorell Wright had 28 points, while David Lee scored 21 and Stephen Curry added 17. "That's what good teams do, they fill in for one another," Lee said. "(Ellis) was hurting a little bit and with good reason. He's been logging a lot of minutes and he's been carrying a big load for us, so I tried to be more aggressive offensively." Golden State is in the midst of its longest winning streak since April 1-5, 2009. The Warriors haven't won four in a row since Feb. 26-March 4, 2008. "We're just playing great basketball right now, team basketball," said Ellis, who had a season-high 12 assists Monday. "Everybody's playing within their game and feeding into what coach wants us to do on the offensive and defensive end." Although the Warriors are feeling confident, that sentiment could soon change. Golden State has lost 10 of 12 away from Oracle Arena, the only victories coming over eight-win Minnesota on Nov. 27 and five-win Sacramento last Tuesday. They face much tougher competition on the road over the next week with visits to Charlotte on Friday, Miami on Saturday and Orlando on Monday before concluding the trip in New Orleans next Wednesday. First, Golden State squares off with the Hawks (20-13), winners of eight straight at home. This is the lone home contest in a seven-game stretch for Atlanta, which closed last season with 12 straight victories at Philips Arena. The defensively-challenged Warriors, allowing an average of 106.3 points, have dropped four of five in Atlanta while surrendering 117.6 in that span. The Hawks are 9-2 this season when hitting the 100-point mark. The teams split their two meetings last season. Al Horford averaged 26.5 points and 13.0 rebounds for Atlanta, while Curry averaged 31.5 points and shot 64.9 percent for Golden State. The Hawks are coming off a 95-80 win over Milwaukee on Monday, their third victory in four games. Horford led five Atlanta players in double figures with 18 points and also grabbed 12 rebounds. "It's nice to watch when we're sharing the ball, different guys are getting involved," Horford said. "When we play like that, it seems like we're at our best." Strong defense has played a big part in Atlanta's success. The Hawks held the Bucks to 37.3 percent shooting, and they've limited their last six opponents to 93 points or fewer. That could spell trouble for the Warriors, 1-12 when scoring 100 or fewer. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited