Kings-Grizzlies Preview By NICOLINO DIBENEDETTO Posted Feb 26 2011 2:24AM The last time the Memphis Grizzlies made the playoffs, Shane Battier was on the roster. He's back on it again, and so is a motivated Zach Randolph. Battier and Randolph should be in the lineup together for the first time Saturday night as the Grizzlies look to continue their impressive run at home against the lowly Sacramento Kings. Memphis (32-27) is tied with Utah for the eighth and final Western Conference playoff spot while trying to end a four-year postseason drought, and the Grizzlies are hoping Battier can provide the difference again. The forward was re-acquired from Houston for underachieving center Hasheem Thabeet and a first-round draft pick Thursday. "When we had the chance to bring him back home, we just jumped at it," general manager Chris Wallace said. The former Duke star spent his first five NBA seasons in Memphis after being drafted sixth overall in 2001. His outstanding defensive play was a big reason the Grizzlies reached the playoffs in three consecutive seasons while becoming a fan-favorite. He's still the team's all-time leader with 507 steals, and is averaging 8.6 points and 4.8 rebounds this season. Battier's return also softens the blow left by continued absence of forward Rudy Gay, who dislocated his left shoulder on Feb. 15. Memphis acquired the draft rights to Gay, currently averaging 19.8 points and 6.2 boards, and Stromile Swift in a July 2006 trade that sent Battier to the Rockets. Battier now fortifies a frontcourt that includes Randolph, who is still motivated after being excluded from last week's All-Star game. He leads the Grizzlies with 20.0 points and 8.4 rebounds per game. However, he struggled Tuesday, scoring 12 points with eight boards as the Grizzlies returned from the break with a 13-point loss at Denver. Randolph bounced back the following night, putting up 24 points and pulling down 10 rebounds with five assists in a 104-95 win at Minnesota. "He's taken it personally," point guard Mike Conley of Randolph's perceived All-Star snub. "I think my man deserves to be an All-Star also. He really played like one (Wednesday)." Randolph is averaging 27.5 points and 14.0 rebounds this season against the Kings (14-42), including 35 and 17 in the Grizzlies' 100-98 road loss on Dec 29. Memphis, however, is rolling at FedEx Forum, winning three in a row and 11 of 13. The Grizzlies have taken seven of the past nine at home against Sacramento. The Kings, last in the Pacific Division, are 2-4 heading into the finale of their longest road trip this season, and might be getting more attention off the court. They filed a request Thursday for an extension of the NBA's March 1 deadline to seek permission to relocate for next season with Anaheim a possible destination. A night later, Sacramento lost 100-98 at Charlotte. The Kings are allowing an average of 114.8 points while dropping four of the last five. Coach Paul Westphal is also having problems with DeMarcus Cousins, who was benched for most of the second half Friday after a turnover early in the third quarter. Picked fifth overall in the 2010 draft, Cousins was disciplined for getting into a fight with a teammate earlier this month. Cousins is averaging 13.8 points and 8.2 rebounds this season. He had 21 points and a career high-tying 16 rebounds in the win over Memphis in December. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited