Suns-Warriors Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Feb 20 2013 2:24AM Golden State Warriors coach Mark Jackson is at a loss for why his squad can't seem to get out of its funk, but he's certainly not about to panic. A visit from one of the league's worst teams could help Golden State get back on track. The Warriors look to end a six-game losing streak by winning a fifth straight meeting with the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday night. The All-Star break didn't do much to cure Golden State's woes, as it fell 115-101 at Utah on Tuesday. It has lost by an average of 17.7 points and is allowing 117.5 points per game during its skid, which has included five losses away from home. "It is another uncharacteristic performance by us," Jackson said. "We have to find ourselves." Jackson, though, is taking the slump in stride and believes his struggling Warriors (30-23) will be able to turn things around quickly. He also hasn't ruled out making lineup adjustments. "I am not going to jump off this ship," Jackson said. "I believe in my guys. We have lost six in a row and haven't played good basketball and I have been extremely patient. I love my guys and I believe in them but we have got to find five guys on the floor that are going to scratch, claw and compete because history tells me that the only way out of a funk like this is working our way out of it." David Lee, who scored 18 points Tuesday, isn't sure if Jackson plans to make adjustments to the rotation, but said he'll welcome whatever is necessary to help get the Warriors back on track. "The most important thing is that we win. Whatever coach decides to do, we've been with him all season and that's not going to change," Lee said. "I trust that he'll make the right decision, whatever that might be." Stephen Curry has been one of the few Warriors playing well lately. He scored 29 points against Utah and is averaging 26.5 over his last four. The Warriors overcame a rough performance from Curry (2 of 14 shooting, five points) to beat Phoenix 87-85 in their season opener Oct. 31, but he bounced back to score 29 points and hit six 3-pointers in a 113-93 victory Feb. 2. That blowout was a familiar story for the Suns, who are just 6-23 away from home. They had lost six of their previous seven road games before winning 102-98 at Portland on Tuesday. Goran Dragic had 16 points and a career-high 18 assists for Phoenix (18-36), which ended a four-game losing streak and scored 100 points for the first time in 12 games. "I think he was aggressive as he always is, and he made plays," coach Lindsey Hunter said. "It was amazing but it was fun to watch because everybody was getting involved." The Suns have the worst record in the Western Conference, leaving a strong possibility players could be dealt by Thursday's trade deadline. Hunter, though, simply is letting everything play out. "I'm sure if something gets serious, I'll know about it," Hunter said. The previous three matchups between these teams had been decided by a combined 10 points before Golden State's 20-point victory earlier this month. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited