
 Bucks-Magic Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Apr 04 2011 9:25PM Orlando coach Stan Van Gundy was frustrated after the Magic's sloppy play in an overtime win over the Milwaukee Bucks last month. Almost three weeks after that meeting, Van Gundy is still venting following another lackluster effort by his team. However, the Magic have a good opportunity to start building some momentum Tuesday night when they seek their 11th straight home win against the Bucks. Orlando (48-29) has won two of three against Milwaukee (31-45) this season, but the latest win was hardly impressive. The Magic turned the ball over 19 times and struggled at the free throw line in a 93-89 overtime victory March 16. "I'm happy to get out of here with a win," Van Gundy said. "We did about everything wrong we could do." Van Gundy was even more irritated after a 102-98 loss at last-place Toronto on Sunday. The Magic, losers of three of four, were outscored 29-19 in the fourth quarter and were outrebounded 48-30 overall. "We certainly didn't even try to turn it on tonight," Van Gundy said. "Our guys want to try to pick their spots. I'm not at all confident. I'm confident in what we're able to do when we want to play, but I'm not confident that our guys will come with an approach to really come out and play hard and play with great energy. I'm not confident in that at all." Orlando has a four-game lead over Atlanta for the fourth seed in the East and homecourt advantage in the first round. However, Van Gundy said it could be a short stay in the postseason if his team's play doesn't improve. He's also frustrated that he hasn't been able to get star center Dwight Howard some rest down the stretch. Howard had 31 points and nine rebounds in 39 minutes Sunday. "It's a little ridiculous that we can't even let Dwight get a drink of water, but that's the way it is," he said. "It's crazy; we should be able to take him out to get a drink of water." Howard has also played longer than his season average in two games against the Bucks. He played 46 minutes in last month's game, finishing with 31 points and 21 rebounds, and he was on the floor 43 minutes in a 97-87 home win Jan. 5. Howard missed the first meeting between the teams - a Magic loss on Dec. 4 - with a stomach virus. Orlando has won the last nine contests against Milwaukee when Howard has played. The Magic have won 10 straight at home over the Bucks since Milwaukee's last win in 2004. The Bucks have averaged 89.1 points during the losing streak. Milwaukee is trying hold onto slim playoff hopes, sitting 10th in the East and three games behind eighth-place Indiana. Milwaukee has played two fewer games than the Pacers, but so has Charlotte, which is a game in front of the Bucks. The remaining schedule won't provide any help to Milwaukee, which has to visit Orlando and Miami on back-to-back nights before traveling to Detroit on Friday. The Bucks rallied from a 12-point deficit to beat Philadelphia 93-87 in overtime on Saturday for their second win in three games. "It's still about finishing strong," said Brandon Jennings, who scored nine of his 13 points in the extra period against the 76ers. "That's part of being a professional." Jennings has averaged 25 points in two games against Orlando this season. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   