
 Grizzlies-Timberwolves Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Feb 23 2011 1:50AM The Memphis Grizzlies encountered a setback in their pursuit of a Western Conference playoff spot. A matchup with the lowly Minnesota Timberwolves may help them get back on track. Visiting Memphis looks for its sixth victory in seven meetings with Minnesota when the teams square off Wednesday night. The Grizzlies (31-27) won four straight heading into the All-Star break, but lost 120-107 on Tuesday to a Denver team that was short-handed after trading Carmelo Anthony and Chauncey Billups to New York. The defeat dropped Memphis one-half game behind idle Utah for the eighth spot in the West. Playing without Rudy Gay, who will miss four weeks after partially dislocating his left shoulder Feb. 15 against Philadelphia, the Grizzlies got 26 points from Tony Allen. O.J. Mayo also helped pick up the slack with 21 points, his most since mid-December, but Memphis still came up short. "We didn't play with a lot of desire, a lot of purpose," coach Lionel Hollins said. "I didn't care how the Nuggets came out, I was worried about how we came out, and we came out (bad). We turned the ball over multiple times, we took quick shots, we didn't guard, they just drove us off the dribble all night." Zach Randolph finished with 12 points and eight rebounds - his fewest boards since he had eight Jan. 2 - but is averaging 19.3 points and 12.0 rebounds in his last four games against Minnesota. Mayo, whom the Timberwolves traded to Memphis for Kevin Love on draft night in 2008, scored 29 points Oct. 30 in a 109-89 home victory over Minnesota. He missed this season's other meeting between these clubs, a 102-84 Grizzlies win Feb. 2 at Minnesota, as part of his 10-game suspension for testing positive for a banned substance. That loss sent the Timberwolves (13-44) on their current downward spiral of eight losses in 10 games. Love had 20 points and 17 rebounds Tuesday to extend his franchise record for consecutive double-doubles to 43, but the Wolves fell 94-88 in Milwaukee - their fifth consecutive defeat. Minnesota was playing its first game without regular starter Corey Brewer, who was traded Tuesday to the New York Knicks for Anthony Randolph, Eddy Curry - whose contract is expected to be bought out - and a second-round pick. Love, who barely kept his double-double streak alive with 10 points and 10 rebounds against the Grizzlies earlier this month, said the Wolves miss Brewer but are looking forward to Randolph's arrival. "We're just looking forward to Anthony Randolph coming in and, hopefully, adding that same spark," Love said of the 14th selection from the 2008 draft. "(Randolph) is the type of guy in the draft that everybody said had a lot of upside. "We have to welcome him in, because he's our teammate now. We've got to try to, I guess, bring him along and we want that upside to be in full effect." Randolph, who averaged 2.1 points while seeing sporadic action in 17 games with the Knicks this season, is expected to join Minnesota on Wednesday. Wesley Johnson started in place of Brewer and scored 14 points. Michael Beasley had 21 points in his return after missing five games with an ankle injury. Minnesota has lost five straight home games, while Memphis has won three of five on the road. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   