Nuggets-Nets Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Jan 31 2011 12:29AM Carmelo Anthony is ready to make his long-awaited arrival in New Jersey. Unfortunately for Nets fans, the four-time All-Star will still be donning his Denver Nuggets uniform. Anthony and the Nuggets visit New Jersey on Monday, less than two weeks after Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov ended drawn-out trade talks with Denver. Since refusing to sign a three-year, $65 million extension last summer, Anthony has been the subject of trade speculation. Two potential blockbuster deals have involved the Nets (14-34), and both fell apart. Denver (28-19), New Jersey and Detroit seemed close to a three-team trade earlier this month, but Prokhorov canceled a planned Jan. 20 meeting with Anthony on Jan. 19, and said there was no chance of resurrecting the trade. Prokhorov said he was unhappy with how the talks played out in public, and that the process took too long, got too expensive and cost his team games. At the time, the Nets had lost six straight. Chicago, Houston and New York have all since been linked to trade rumors with Anthony, who has said he has not ruled out any options for his future. "As of right now, I don't think the Nets will be calling," he said, laughing, after Sunday's 110-99 loss at Philadelphia to snap a four-game winning streak. Anthony isn't sure of what kind of reception he'll receive when he takes the court in New Jersey, but he knows he'll have to play better than he did against the 76ers. Anthony finished with 12 points, shot 3 of 12 from the floor, and said his knees "tightened up" on him during the game. He is hoping some soreness won't be a big deal when he faces the New Jersey team that appeared on the brink of acquiring him two weeks ago. "I really don't know what to expect," Anthony said. "I know me, personally, I'm just looking forward to going there and getting a win." Denver coach George Karl expects a playoff atmosphere. "I expect it to be a pregame intensity to the game, and then I'm sure there will be some antics during the game that will have to be understood and handled," Karl said. "I would say for most of the time, those things usually motivate my team to play more focused and serious. If we have to play an intense playoff-type style game against a team like New Jersey, I think we're capable of doing that." These teams last met in Denver on Nov. 20, when Anthony had 28 points and eight rebounds in a 107-103 victory. The Nuggets have won four straight against the Nets and seven of the last eight meetings. New Jersey won four of its first five games after Prokhorov decided to end the trade talks with Anthony, but has since lost its last two - both on the road. The Nets, winners of four of their last five home games, couldn't muster much offense at Milwaukee on Saturday, losing 91-81 to drop to 2-27 when scoring 92 points or fewer. "We need to get back to swinging the ball because that's what we do when we're playing well," said Devin Harris, who had 16 of New Jersey's 19 assists. Brook Lopez was a bright spot, finishing with 26 points in the defeat. He is averaging 24.5 points on 55.9-percent shooting in his last 10 games after averaging 14.3 points and shooting 45.8 percent in his previous nine. Lopez had 20 points in Denver in November to lead seven New Jersey players in double figures. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited