Wizards-76ers Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 05 2013 3:38PM After a stunning start, Michael Carter-Williams and the Philadelphia 76ers came crashing back down to earth in their last game. A matchup with the winless Washington Wizards could help them bounce back. Philadelphia tries to continue its recent success against the visiting Wizards, who hope to avoid opening 0-4 for the third consecutive season Wednesday night. While the 76ers (3-1) turned heads in beating Miami, Washington and Chicago to open the season, they were blown out 110-90 by Golden State on Monday. Philadelphia, which averaged 110.0 points on 51.2 percent shooting in its first three games, was limited to 35.2 percent from the field and fell behind by as many as 39. "There's no beating around the bush, they beat the (heck) out of us," said center Spencer Hawes, who had five points and eight rebounds after averaging 19.3 and 11.3 during the 3-0 start. "That's one of those games that, they happen. You try to limit three or four of those over the course of a season, and we got one out of the way early." Carter-Williams and Evan Turner scored 18 points apiece and Tony Wroten added 14 off the bench. Carter-Williams, though, shot 4 for 17, committed six turnovers and had four assists without a steal. He had been the reigning Eastern Conference player of the week after averaging 20.7 points, 9.0 assists, 4.3 steals and 2.3 turnovers. "He wants to attack bigs, it's his nature. I like it, but it becomes an education where you're going in against 7-foot-2," first-year coach Brett Brown said. "He's going to have to get used to going at that size. It's just part of the process, it's part of his learning curve." While his team was overmatched against the Warriors, Brown doesn't appear too concerned going forward. "The peaks and valleys of the NBA are dangerous," he said. "You're never as good as you think you were and you're not as bad as you think you are. "If we can just bang out great effort games and share the ball and play the right way - all those types of things - the results will come." The 76ers now turn their attention back to the Wizards, whom they beat 109-102 on Friday behind Thaddeus Young's 29 points and Turner's 23. Philadelphia has taken eight of 10 from Washington and five straight at home, but Brown isn't expecting anything to come easy Wednesday. "They're going to want to make amends, we're going to have a much more difficult game," he said. The Wizards, allowing an NBA-worst 51.2 opponent field-goal percentage, saw their woes continue in Sunday's 103-93 loss at Miami. Washington allowed the Heat to shoot 52.9 percent and committed 21 turnovers. "I thought we battled well," guard Bradley Beal said. "We still had a few breakdowns on defense. ... We just have to knock down shots and limit our turnovers as much as possible." Beal had 19 points while newcomer Marcin Gortat added 15 points and 11 rebounds. John Wall was held to 11 on 4-of-12 shooting but did have nine assists for Washington, which cut a 23-point deficit to seven in the final minute against the defending champions. "This is how we've got to play," coach Randy Wittman said. "Nobody wants to lose but I thought we took a good step in the right direction." The Wizards opened 0-8 in 2011-12 and a franchise-worst 0-12 last season. They could certainly use a boost from Nene, who may return after missing the last two games with a calf injury. Washington has dropped 11 straight road games against Eastern Conference foes and 26 of 28 since the start of last season. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited