Clippers-Bobcats Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Mar 06 2011 2:23PM The Charlotte Bobcats are still hopeful about their playoff chances despite recent struggles during a four-game road trip, but their lack of depth with Stephen Jackson out is a concern. That might not be as big a problem against a Los Angeles Clippers team without Eric Gordon. Jackson could miss a second straight game Monday night when the Bobcats host the Clippers, who will be without Gordon indefinitely. Charlotte (26-36) returns home after an 0-4 trip in which it averaged 79.8 points and shot 39.7 percent. The drop in scoring comes after losing Gerald Wallace and Nazr Mohammed, who were dealt in separate trades Feb. 24. The Bobcats' lack of scoring options was especially noticeable in a 93-69 loss at Portland on Saturday. Jackson sat out with a strained left hamstring that he injured in a 92-84 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday. "Back-to-back games and when you're missing your best scorer, it's going to be hard to put the ball in the basket," said coach Paul Silas, who said Friday that Jackson could be out a few games. Charlotte shot 42.6 percent, missed 9 of 10 3-pointers and scored its second-fewest points this season. Gerald Henderson scored 16 points and D.J. Augustin added 14, but Augustin had six of the team's 22 turnovers. Augustin is averaging 15.0 points the last four games, but shooting only 38.9 percent. Despite the offensive woes, Charlotte remains one game behind Indiana for the Eastern Conference's eighth and final playoff spot. The Bobcats, who haven't lost five straight since a seven-game skid Nov. 7-20, 2009, will try to get back on track during a three-game homestand. They have won three in a row at home, averaging 111.0 points. However, Charlotte also struggled offensively in a 103-88 loss to the Clippers on Jan. 29. The Bobcats went 3 of 13 from 3-point range and shot 40.3 percent overall in that loss. Meanwhile, the Clippers (23-40) are looking to match their longest winning streak of the season after back-to-back victories over Houston and Denver. They held the Nuggets to 39.2 percent shooting in a 100-94 win Saturday. Gordon left that game in the second quarter after reinjuring his right wrist in a fall under the basket. Gordon was playing his second game after missing the previous 18 with a sprained right wrist that had a small fracture. He'll be out indefinitely. "I would say the pain level isn't as bad as it was, but it's re-aggravated and it's going to take some time," Gordon said. "The big relief is that it's not broken. ... All I could do was see what kind of pain tolerance I could deal with and be able to play." The Clippers are 4-16 without Gordon. That doesn't include Saturday's win. Blake Griffin had 18 points, 12 rebounds and a career-high nine assists while rookie guard Eric Bledsoe scored a season-high 20 points, including 15 in the fourth quarter. "You never want to see one of your teammates go down, but if he does, you have to be ready. And Bledsoe's performance tonight was unbelievable," teammate Ryan Gomes said. The Clippers are opening a five-game road trip. They are 5-25 on the road, losing four straight and their last three visits to Charlotte. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited