Spurs-Raptors Preview By KATE HEDLIN Posted Feb 09 2011 1:03AM Despite holding three of the first four teams they've faced on their nine-game road trip to fewer than 100 points, the San Antonio Spurs don't believe they are as good as they need to be defensively. The NBA-best Spurs will look for a more complete defensive effort and try to avoid a third straight road loss to the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday night. After opening its trip with a 13-point loss at Portland on Feb. 1, San Antonio (43-8) has won three in a row, including a 100-89 victory at Detroit on Tuesday. While the Pistons have only 19 wins, the Spurs struggled to put them away until the fourth quarter. However, San Antonio shot 52.9 percent and had six players in double figures. Tony Parker scored 19 points and DeJuan Blair added 18 and 12 rebounds. Although it was the team's second straight win by at least 10 points, it is still looking for improvement. "There are teams playing better than we are," coach Gregg Popovich said. "Just because we have the best record doesn't mean we have the best team. To be that we have to be better defensively." Despite Popovich's claims, his team has put up some impressive numbers early in the trip, holding opponents to an average of 94 points the last four games and 43.1 percent shooting the past three. The Spurs limited the Pistons to 15 third-quarter points Tuesday. Popovich said Blair has been key lately, recording four double-doubles in the last five games. "He knows his role, hits the boards hard and has a great touch inside," Popovich said. "He plays the game to win, he's a really competitive young man, and he did a good job." Blair also came up big in a 104-95 win over Toronto on Jan. 19, finishing with 22 points and 11 rebounds. He shot 11 of 16 from the field in that game and had eight offensive boards. San Antonio has lost its last two visits to Toronto, but the last-place Raptors (14-38) have dropped 14 of 15 overall, falling 92-74 at Milwaukee on Tuesday. After snapping a 13-game losing streak Friday with a 111-100 win over Minnesota, Toronto shot 36 percent and was held to 36 points in the second half against the Bucks. Andrea Bargnani scored 23 points and DeMar DeRozan added 18, but the Raptors missed all 10 of their 3-pointers. "It's a tough season," Bargnani said. "It didn't become a tough season today. It's been that way the last couple of months." Leandro Barbosa returned from a right hamstring strain and scored eight points in nearly 25 minutes. Barbosa hadn't played since Jan. 14 against Detroit. "It was nice to have him back in the lineup," Toronto coach Jay Triano said. "He provided an offensive threat with his quickness to the basket. It's going to take a little bit of time for him to shake the rust off. I was pleased with the way he played the second half." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited