76ers-Magic Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Jan 18 2011 11:57PM The Orlando Magic were far from full strength in their last meeting with the Philadelphia 76ers and will look to avenge that December loss with a full roster intact Wednesday night. Following a five-game road trip, the Magic face the 76ers in search of a season-best seventh consecutive victory at Amway Center. After acquiring Gilbert Arenas, Hedo Turkoglu and Jason Richardson on Dec. 18, the Magic (26-15) were left with the minimum amount of players for their matchup with Philadelphia. Due in large part to fatigue, Orlando was ultimately unable to keep up with the 76ers, who scored 57 points in the second half en route to a 97-89 victory. "Make every excuse in the world," coach Stan Van Gundy said after the loss. "That's five straight games where we've done nothing to defend in the second half. So whatever the excuses are. I'm running out of them. I don't believe in any of them. Go out and guard somebody." While the roster has been revamped, defensive issues continue to plague the Magic, who lost three of five on their recent trip by a total of seven points, including a 109-106 defeat in Boston on Monday night. "We couldn't get enough stops down the stretch and that was probably the theme of this trip," J.J. Redick told the team's official website. "All three games that we lost were close games and it came down to us not being able to get stops at crucial times. We have to play better against the (better) teams and bring our defensive energy." Orlando, which is 10-5 since its roster shake-up, trailed entering the second quarter for the fifth time in six games. "I think we're still sort of building a team together. We've had 15 games now, but it still takes time to build an elite team," said Ryan Anderson. "We just need to start games better and the defensive end of the floor needs to get a lot better for us." Dwight Howard has done his best to carry the load offensively, averaging 29.3 points and 15.0 rebounds in his last four games. The four-time All Star had 26 points and 20 rebounds in last month's loss to Philadelphia. The Magic had taken 12 of 13 from the 76ers before that defeat. Philadelphia (17-23) is on the verge of a season high-tying third straight win after defeating Charlotte 96-92 in overtime on Monday night, and despite starting the season 3-13, finds itself in seventh place in the Eastern Conference. The 76ers blew a 12-point fourth-quarter lead but Andre Iguodala's go-ahead jumper with 37.6 seconds left in the extra period put them ahead to stay. "It's mid-January and we're thinking playoffs," said Elton Brand, who recorded 13 points and 13 rebounds for his 15th double-double. Brand is averaging a team-best 14.9 points - his highest mark since joining the team in 2008. He had 20 points and 13 rebounds in the last game against the Magic. "He's the guy we need," Lou Williams said, "if we want to do big things later in the season." Williams scored 23 points off the bench versus the Bobcats and is averaging 20.0 in his last six games. The 76ers will likely look to get Williams more involved offensively since they are 5-1 when he scores at least 20. Philadelphia has never posted two road victories against Orlando in the same season. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited