
 Rockets-Bobcats Preview By MATT BEARDMORE Posted Nov 25 2010 12:31PM The Houston Rockets were pleased with how they finally closed out an opponent. The Charlotte Bobcats have played well in the fourth quarter of their last two games, but it hasn't translated into any wins. Houston looks to post consecutive victories for the first time in nearly two weeks Friday night in Charlotte, where it will face a Bobcats team trying to avoid a season high-tying third straight defeat. In three of their previous five losses, the Rockets (4-10) were outscored by an average of 8.7 points in the fourth quarter. Houston, though, outscored Golden State by six in the final 12 minutes of Wednesday's 111-101 victory that snapped a four-game skid. The Rockets went on an 11-0 run after the Warriors pulled within 88-86 with 8:35 left. "We played with a sense of urgency in that fourth quarter," point guard Kyle Lowry said after scoring 14 points with 10 assists and seven rebounds. "It was very positive for us and it was definitely a stepping stone for us and our future play. We just have to finish." With Aaron Brooks sidelined the last nine games with a sprained left ankle, Lowry has stepped in nicely, averaging 12.7 points, 10.0 assists and 5.0 rebounds over the last three. "He's finding people out on the floor. He's getting us easy opportunities," coach Rick Adelman told the Rockets' official website. "He's just getting a feel for the game he plays." Lowry will likely be matched up with Bobcats guard D.J. Augustin, who is also making a smooth transition to starter, averaging career highs with 13.0 points and 7.1 assists. Augustin took over for Raymond Felton, who signed with New York in the offseason and helped the Knicks sweep a home-and-home set with the Bobcats (5-10) this week. After outscoring the Knicks by 11 points in the final 12 minutes of Tuesday's 110-107 loss at Madison Square Garden, Charlotte held New York to 18 fourth-quarter points in a 99-95 loss Wednesday. "We're fighting hard at the end, but you've got to have that same attitude at the beginning of the game," said Augustin, averaging 18.0 points, 6.3 assists and 6.3 rebounds in the last three. Coach Larry Brown praised the Bobcats for not quitting and was equally impressed with center Tyrus Thomas, who posted season highs with 26 points and 11 rebounds in his first start of the season. "He played great," Brown said. "Matchups, a lot of times, determine his minutes as a starter. But I don't think we can play that lineup against most of the teams in this league." Nazr Mohammed could return to the starting lineup after sitting Wednesday, but Thomas will likely see plenty of action against an undersized Houston team missing Yao Ming (ankle) and starting 6-foot-6 Chuck Hayes at center. Bobcats forward Stephen Jackson scored 16 of his career- and franchise-high 43 points in the fourth quarter as host Charlotte snapped a seven-game skid to the Rockets with a 102-94 victory Jan. 12. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   