Rockets-Clippers Preview By BRETT HUSTON Posted Mar 02 2011 1:47AM The Houston Rockets emerged from the All-Star break with three straight wins, but it was easy to write those off as simply an easy stretch against some of the Eastern Conference's worst teams. Their past two wins have carried considerably more weight. Fresh off road victories over a pair of playoff contenders, the Rockets look for a season-high sixth consecutive victory when they wrap up a three-game road trip Wednesday night against a Los Angeles Clippers team eager to welcome back Eric Gordon. Houston (31-31) remains at the bottom of the outstanding Southwest Division, but it's looked nothing like a bottom feeder lately. The Rockets came out of the break with wins at Detroit and Cleveland, but seemed to be admitting they weren't playoff material by trading away Shane Battier and Aaron Brooks prior to Thursday's trade deadline. If anything, they've looked like a postseason threat since making those deals. Houston's soft stretch ended with an easy victory over New Jersey on Saturday, but it kept rolling with a 91-89 win at New Orleans on Sunday and an impressive 103-87 rout at Portland on Tuesday. Kyle Lowry and Luis Scola had 21 points while Kevin Martin had 20 against the Trail Blazers. "Talent-wise I think we took a step backward (with the trades), but guys like Chase (Budinger) and Courtney (Lee) are getting an opportunity to get more minutes now, and coach (Rick Adelman) gets an opportunity to leave his best players out on the court," Martin said. Though Houston sits in 11th place in the West, it's just three games behind seventh-place Portland and Memphis, currently in eighth. Starting with the Clippers (21-40), the Rockets' next three opponents are below .500. Houston, which hasn't won six straight since Feb. 11-26, 2009, is 17-6 against teams currently with losing records. That includes two victories against Los Angeles in which it held the Clippers to 87.5 points - 17.0 beneath the average allowed by Adelman's club. Los Angeles scored just 31 points after halftime in a 96-83 loss at Houston on Jan. 26, the second game it played after Gordon went down with a small fracture in his right wrist. The Rockets won't avoid Gordon this time, though. The third-year guard is expected in the lineup Wednesday after the Clippers went 4-14 in his absence. Prior to the injury Gordon averaged 26.8 points and shot 51.5 percent in helping Los Angeles go 7-2 from Jan. 5-22. The Clippers' latest skid hit five Monday. Los Angeles led by five after three quarters in Sacramento, but was outscored 27-16 in the fourth en route to a 105-99 defeat. Mo Williams had 16 points and five assists in his debut after coming over from Cleveland last week, and Blake Griffin - named the Western Conference rookie of the month Tuesday for the fourth consecutive time - was already looking forward to watching his new point guard share the backcourt with Gordon. "It will be fun. (Mo) pushes the ball," Griffin said. "Eric is obviously young and athletic and wants to push the ball. I'm excited to see how we play when everybody is back and everybody is healthy." Griffin has been held to 19.0 points per game while shooting 36.1 percent against Houston. Martin had 28 points in the Rockets' road victory over the Clippers on Dec. 22. Houston is 13-6 when Martin scores at least 28. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited