Bobcats-Magic Preview By MATT BECKER Posted Feb 26 2011 2:18PM After a poor effort against one of the NBA's worst teams, the Orlando Magic bounced back with a stellar performance against one of the league's best. This lack of consistency is frustrating Dwight Howard. With a daunting portion of the schedule looming, Howard and the Magic hope to avoid a big letdown Sunday night when they host the Charlotte Bobcats. Howard openly criticized his team for its lack of effort and intensity in Wednesday's 111-105 home loss to lowly Sacramento, as Orlando (37-22) allowed an opponent to crack triple digits for the first time in eight games. The Magic came out much more focused Friday against Northwest Division-leading Oklahoma City, limiting the Thunder to 33.3 percent shooting in a 111-88 win, their third in four games. "I was very happy with the way we came out," Howard said. "But like I said, it has to be consistent. We have to do this with all the teams. We're going to continue to get better." Howard led the way Friday, matching a season high with 40 points for his fourth consecutive 30-point game. The five-time All-Star made 16 of 20 shots and is shooting 75.0 percent from the floor in the last four. Despite his brilliance on the offensive end, Howard was most pleased with Orlando's defense Friday. "I think we played a lot better on the defensive end," said Howard, who had 15 rebounds and blocked six shots. "Our help defense was great and individual defense was great. We've just got to keep it up." The Magic, allowing 94.1 points per game to rank fifth in the league, shut down a Thunder team which averaged 109.8 points in its previous 12 games and now try to slow a suddenly surging Charlotte offense. The Bobcats (26-32) are third-worst in the league at 94.4 points per game but have reached at least 109 in three of four. They hit that mark just four times in their first 54 contests. Charlotte is coming off Friday's emotional 110-98 win over Sacramento, its first game since the trade of Gerald Wallace, the last original member of the seven-year-old franchise. With the 2010 All-Star shipped to Portland, Stephen Jackson stepped up with 30 points and D.J. Augustin added 23. Gerald Henderson started in Wallace's place and scored 21. Henderson is averaging 19.0 points in his last four games - 11.8 better than his season average - and is going to be expected to carry more of the offense as Charlotte continues its playoff push. The Bobcats, opening a four-game road trip, have won four of five and are within one-half game of eighth-place Indiana in the Eastern Conference. "We got to make our push now," coach Paul Silas said. "We got to believe we can win every game we play. They showed me (Friday) that they meant business." Catching the Pacers this week likely won't be easy for Charlotte, which continues its trip Wednesday in Denver, followed by games against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday and in Portland the following night. The Magic also face several tough opponents this week. After this game, Orlando hosts New York on Tuesday, visits Southeast-leading Miami on Thursday and returns home to face Central-leading Chicago the following night. The Magic and Bobcats haven't met since Howard had 22 points in a 91-88 win Nov. 6, Orlando's eighth victory in nine games against Charlotte. The Magic's lone loss occurred in the last meeting in Orlando last March, snapping a nine-game home winning streak in the series. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited