Thunder-Spurs Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Jan 01 2011 12:11AM The San Antonio Spurs have dominated the NBA thus far in 2010-11. They've fared well against the Oklahoma City Thunder for years. San Antonio looks for its 12th straight home victory and fourth consecutive overall Saturday night against Oklahoma City. The Spurs (28-4), owners of the league's best record and off to the best start in franchise history, won for the 13th time in 14 games Thursday, beating Dallas 99-93. While San Antonio put an extra game in the standings between itself and its closest pursuer in the Southwest Division, coach Gregg Popovich wasn't very impressed as the Mavericks were without an injured Dirk Nowitzki. "We don't take too much out of the win," Popovich said. "We didn't show very much. We didn't improve as a team, that's for sure." Tim Duncan had 17 points and 11 rebounds, bouncing back from a career low-tying two-point effort in Tuesday's victory over the Los Angeles Lakers. It also ended his season-high four-game drought without a double-double. "It's nice to get some baskets to go down, get some rebounds and play a little better to help the team," Duncan said. "We can attack in different ways. That's what we've been hanging our hat on all season." Duncan has 33 double-doubles in 47 career games against the Oklahoma City franchise, but he scored only six points and had four rebounds in the Spurs' 117-104 road win over the Thunder on Nov. 14. Despite Duncan's lackluster individual performance, the Spurs defeated the Thunder for the fourth consecutive time. Dating to April 1998, they have taken 34 of the last 48 meetings between these franchises. The Thunder were the Seattle SuperSonics for all but the last nine of those contests. Oklahoma City (23-11) looks for its third straight victory overall after defeating Atlanta 103-94 on Friday night. Kevin Durant's 33 points capped a memorable 2010 for the 22-year-old superstar, who leads the NBA with 28.3 points per game. During the calendar year, Durant became the youngest scoring champion in NBA history, led the Thunder to the playoffs for the first time and earned MVP honors for the U.S. national team during its run to its first world championship since 1994. He also signed a five-year, $85 million extension during the offseason. "I'm just so blessed to be given a lot of opportunities and just thankful for everything," Durant said. "To sign that contract was probably one of the highlights because that really shows that you've grown as a player in this league." Despite the individual accomplishments, Durant has always had a team-first attitude and watched as Russell Westbrook recorded his third career triple-double with 23 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists against the Hawks. Oklahoma City has won nine of 12 and jumped idle Utah for first place in the Northwest Division. "It was so much fun just to kind of transform into a different team, a different identity and be known as a team that can win basketball games," Durant said. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited