
 Clippers-Nuggets Preview By ALAN FERGUSON Posted Nov 04 2010 10:17PM A matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers would appear to be just what the Denver Nuggets need as they try to bounce back from a disappointing loss. The Nuggets, though, might still have a thin front line when they take on Clippers big men Blake Griffin and Chris Kaman on Friday night at the Pepsi Center. The Nuggets were already without Kenyon Martin and top reserve Chris Andersen, who are both recovering from offseason knee surgeries, when they lost current starting center Nene before Wednesday's game against Dallas. He said he suffered a groin injury during a loss to New Orleans last Friday, but played through it while collecting 12 points and 12 rebounds in a 107-94 win over Houston the following night. Nene, though, said he didn't want to risk further damage. "I'm going to see day-by-day," he told the team's website. "One day off, it's not going to be gone. What I'm supposed to do, I've been doing - getting treatment and working with (the training staff) to see how I feel." Without Nene, Denver was outrebounded 45-39 on Wednesday in a 102-101 defeat. The Nuggets had no one on the floor taller than 6-foot-9 and Mavericks' 7-footer Dirk Nowitzki scored 35 points. The Nuggets still had a chance to win but Carmelo Anthony's 22-foot shot rimmed out in the final seconds. "It's a heartbreaker, but you make some and you miss some," Anthony said. Nene's status is unknown for Friday's game and that could make it tougher for Denver (2-2) against the 6-10 Griffin and the 7-foot Kaman. Selected first overall last year - and after missing all of last season with a fractured left kneecap - Griffin is averaging 17.0 points and a team-best 10.0 rebounds. Kaman is second with 9.0 rebounds per game and third with 11.2 points. Former first-round draft pick Eric Gordon is scoring a team-best 20.0 points per game but that hasn't helped Los Angeles garner any more success. The Clippers earned their first win in five games this season Wednesday, 107-92 over visiting Oklahoma City. Gordon scored 27 points and Griffin added 18. "It's great that we got this one," Griffin said. "It's good for our confidence, but we know it doesn't get any easier. We did some good things to build on tonight." That Los Angeles (1-4) is once again off to a slow start could give the Nuggets hope that they can earn their eighth straight home win in the series. Denver has also prevailed in 11 of 13 overall meetings. As expected, Anthony has led the way in averaging 27.1 points in 12 of those games. The Nuggets' All-Star forward also averaged 29.7 points in last season's three meetings, but his 37 points couldn't help Denver in a 106-99 loss last November 20 in Los Angeles. Gordon scored 23 in his only appearance against the Nuggets last season, missing the other two games with a sore groin and sprained toe. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   