76ers-Heat Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Jan 21 2012 1:16PM The Miami Heat got some unexpected resistance from the Philadelphia 76ers in the first round of last season's playoffs during their run to the NBA finals. Philadelphia is proving this season its solid play in that series was no fluke. The Heat will again be without Dwyane Wade when they host the Atlantic Division-leading 76ers in a playoff rematch - and possible late-round postseason preview - Saturday night. Second-seeded Miami beat Philadelphia in five games to advance to the second round, but aside from a 94-73 loss in Game 2, the 76ers gave the Heat all they could handle. The other four games were decided by no more than eight points, with the final three decided by six or fewer. The 76ers (11-4) have seemed to use that series as motivation. They lead the Atlantic by a full five games and have won four of their last five after beating Atlanta 90-76 on Friday. Philadelphia trailed by eight at halftime but pulled away after a 14-0 run in the third quarter. "I thought our guys went fast in the first half, and alone," coach Doug Collins said. "I thought we went far in the second half, and together." Thaddeus Young scored a game-high 20 points while Jrue Holiday added 16 points and 11 assists. "We can play (well) against tough teams," said Andre Iguodala, who scored 11. Collins said he wanted a win badly after the 76ers fell 108-104 in overtime against Denver on Wednesday. "You win this game. You don't lose two in a row at home," Collins said. Philadelphia, though, hasn't had much regular-season success against Miami in recent years. The Sixers have lost seven straight matchups, including a three-game season sweep last season. They have lost nine straight in Miami - playoffs included - and it may not get any easier against a Heat team that improved to 5-1 at home with a 98-87 win over the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday. LeBron James scored 31 points and added eight rebounds and eight assists for the Heat (10-4), who played their second straight game without Wade while he nurses a sprained right ankle. James fought off a cold to have another solid outing. He's averaging 33.0 points and 8.0 assists over his last three games. "A chest cold can get to you at times," James said. "But I felt like I could help the team." His effort helped Miami improve to 5-0 this season without Wade, who was ruled out again by the team Saturday afternoon. "We don't take (James') talent for granted, nor do we take Dwyane's talent or Chris (Bosh's) talent," coach Erik Spoelstra said. "They're special players and they can rise to the occasion." James averaged 23.6 points and 9.7 boards in the eight meetings against the Sixers last season. Louis Williams leads Philadelphia with 15.1 points per game, though he was held to six Friday. He averaged only 10.8 points in the playoffs, but his 3-pointer with nine seconds remaining in Game 4 helped the Sixers to an 86-82 win - their only victory over the Heat in the last 12 meetings. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited