Nuggets-Trail Blazers Preview By JEFF BARTL Posted Feb 25 2011 11:54AM The Denver Nuggets haven't seemed to mind life without Carmelo Anthony and Chauncey Billups. The Portland Trail Blazers hope a new addition can keep them going strong toward the postseason. Portland hosts Denver on Friday night in a matchup of teams separated by only one game in the tight Western Conference standings. The new-look Nuggets (34-25) have won both games since sending Anthony and Billups to New York for Wilson Chandler, Danilo Gallinari, Raymond Felton and Timofey Mozgov. Two nights after beating Memphis 120-107 with a short-handed roster due to the trade they completed earlier Tuesday, the Nuggets knocked off Eastern Conference-leading Boston 89-75 on Thursday. Each of the newcomers was in uniform against the Celtics, and none contributed more than Chandler. An emerging guard averaging a career-high 16.7 points per game, Chandler scored 16 off the bench and hit a late 3-pointer to put Denver ahead for good. Kenyon Martin led all scorers with 18 points despite playing with the flu and missing the second quarter while getting an IV in the locker room. "It's how hard you play. Shots come and go," Martin said. "It's about just giving maximum effort day in and day out. That's what we did. That's what we'll continue to do." The Nuggets held Boston to 39.0 percent shooting and closed the game with a 16-0 run to put away the Celtics. It marked only the fourth time in 17 games that Denver had won when scoring fewer than 100 points. One of those victories came against the Trail Blazers, 95-77 on Dec. 28 in Denver. Portland hasn't scored that little since, partly because of the surging LaMarcus Aldridge, who is averaging 33.2 points over his last six games. Aldridge scored 29 points and had 14 rebounds for the Trail Blazers (32-25) on Wednesday, but Portland saw its season-best six-game winning streak snapped with a 106-101 overtime loss at home to the Los Angeles Lakers. The Blazers, seventh in the West and a game behind Denver, blew a 10-point lead in the final six minutes. Portland hopes to have athletic scorer and new acquisition Gerald Wallace in the lineup Friday to help complement leading scorer Aldridge. The Blazers obtained Wallace, who averaged 15.6 points and 8.2 rebounds in 48 games with Charlotte this season, before the trade deadline Thursday for center Joel Przybilla, reserve forward Dante Cunningham and center Sean Marks. "He is just the sort of talent we were looking for," Blazers owner Paul Allen said. "I'm sure our fans will embrace him and hopefully he can help us make some noise in the playoffs." Another major talent, Brandon Roy made his return from knee surgery Wednesday, scoring five points in just over 15 minutes. Blazers coach Nate McMillan said Roy will not play in back-to-back games initially, meaning the high-scoring guard Roy will sit out against Denver. "It felt good," Roy said. "I was happy to be out there playing, just trying to get my flow back." The home team has won the last six meetings in this series, including an 86-83 win for Portland on Nov. 18, when Aldridge had 24 points to lead all scorers. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited