Spurs-Warriors Preview By NOEY KUPCHAN Posted Nov 29 2010 1:32PM After their 12-game winning streak was snapped, the San Antonio Spurs bounced back in impressive fashion. They could be in good position to start another run - while also extending one - when they face the Golden State Warriors. San Antonio has outscored Golden State by 18.8 points in winning the last eight matchups, with the teams set to meet Tuesday night at Oracle Arena. The Spurs (14-2) sit alone atop the Western Conference and are the only NBA team yet to lose on the road. San Antonio is averaging 105.3 points in away games, among the most in the league. Manu Ginobili led the way with 23 points in a 109-95 victory at New Orleans on Sunday. San Antonio battled back from a 17-point halftime deficit after falling to Dallas 103-94 on Friday - its first loss since Oct. 30. The Spurs limited the Hornets to 34 points in the second half and scored a season-high 37 in the fourth quarter. "For some strange reason we've been a second-half type of team - give up points in the beginning then lock down defense in the second half," guard George Hill said. "If we can play defense the way we did in the second half … I think it's going to be a scary year for everybody." Ginobili is averaging a team-best 21.6 points - 6.4 above his career average. Tim Duncan had averaged 11.2 points in his previous nine games before scoring 21 on Sunday. San Antonio has gone 39-5 against the Warriors with Duncan in the lineup. Golden State (8-9) ended a five-game losing streak with a 104-94 win at Minnesota on Saturday night, thanks in large part to Dorell Wright's impressive effort from 3-point range. Wright, averaging 7.0 points in his career, set a franchise record with nine 3-pointers while scoring a career-high 30. He has averaged 21.3 points in his last three games. "It's been 10 times better than what I thought it would be," Wright said of joining the Spurs after playing his first six seasons with Miami. "I'm enjoying myself. We've struggled the past few games, but I think we're going to get back on the right track when we get everybody healthy." David Lee, who leads Golden State with 10.7 rebounds per contest, returned to the lineup after missing eight games with a lacerated elbow. He had 10 points and six boards, and the Warriors improved to 7-2 with their top rebounder in the lineup. "First of all, I know we can get some wins and beat some teams," Lee said. "I told you I wanted to be judged on wins and losses and so far that's going pretty good when I'm in there. I just need to find a way to stay healthy and keep helping our team." Monta Ellis certainly did all he could to help the Warriors end their slide against the Spurs in the last three meetings. He averaged 38.7 points in those contests, and has scored 30.0 points a game at home this season. Ellis had 26 points and 10 assists Saturday. Golden State is averaging 107.1 points at Oracle Arena. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited