Crawford scores season-high 36, Hawks edge Raptors Posted Jan 12 2011 11:06PM TORONTO (AP)  After Jamal Crawford's shooting kept Atlanta close, Mike Bibby's late 3-pointer gave the Hawks a big win. Bibby made a go-ahead 3-pointer with 8.2 seconds left, Crawford scored a season-high 36 points, and the Hawks beat the Toronto Raptors 104-101 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory. Joe Johnson scored 26 points and Al Horford had 10 points and 13 rebounds for the Hawks, who have won nine of their past 11 meetings with the Raptors. Atlanta won despite a difficult Tuesday that saw them spend most of the day hanging around the arena before learning their home game against Milwaukee had been postponed by a winter storm. They left for Toronto around 10:00 p.m. "It was the longest day in the world yesterday," Crawford said. "It felt like we played a game, then left after the game and flew in on a back-to-back. "This Raptors team is playing a lot better," Crawford said. "We just had to come up here and gut it out. It wasn't the prettiest win but we got it done." Leandro Barbosa scored a season-high 26 points for the Raptors, who also got 26 from Andrea Bargnani. Toronto has lost five of seven and 14 of 19. "(Barbosa) was a problem and we didn't have an answer for him," Crawford said. Jose Calderon had 11 points and nine assists for Toronto, but lost the ball out of bounds in the final 10 seconds and his team down by a point. "It's sad, we worked really hard," Barbosa said. "It's going to be tough for all of us to sleep, knowing that we had the game and that we did a good job." Toronto led 87-82 with 7:02 to go thanks to Barbosa's three-point play and a free throw by Calderon after a technical foul on Crawford. Atlanta fought back to tie it at 91 on a 3-pointer by Johnson with 4:38 remaining. Bargnani made a pair of jumpers but Crawford's long 3 and a layup from Horford gave Atlanta its first lead of the fourth quarter, 96-95, with 1:20 to go. Hawks coach Larry Drew said he sometimes flinches when he sees Crawford launch a 30-foot shot. "He shot that thing from almost half court," Drew said. Crawford said he understands how his coach feels. "I think I would flinch too if I was watching somebody else shoot from that far out," Crawford said. Bargnani answered with a 3 for Toronto, but DeMar DeRozan fouled Crawford on a 3-pointer and the Hawks guard made all three at the line to put Atlanta back on top. At the other end, Toronto's Amir Johnson converted a three-point play after being fouled on a layup, and the Raptors led 101-99 with 45 seconds left. Crawford missed a corner 3 but Amir Johnson was whistled for an offensive foul, giving Atlanta the ball with 10.5 seconds remaining. Bibby took the inbounds pass from Crawford and drilled a 3 from the top with 8.2 seconds to go, putting the Hawks up 102-101. "Coach drew up a perfect play," Joe Johnson said. "Mike comes and acts like he's going to set a pick for me, then just busts up through the middle of our two bigs. Mike's made big shots his whole career." Toronto gave the ball to Calderon, who lost the ball out of bounds as he drove to the basket. The referees huddled to review the play on video before giving possession to the Hawks, and Johnson made a pair of free throws to make it 104-101 with a second to play. Bargnani's long 3 bounced off the rim at the buzzer, and the Italian sunk to his knees in frustration. "It looked good when it left his hand," Drew said of Bargnani's last-gasp effort. "He got a great look at it. We were fortunate that it was just a little bit short." Crawford came off the bench to score Atlanta's final 11 points of the first quarter as the Hawks built an early 27-21 lead. Crawford had 11 more in the second, and Johnson scored nine, but Bargnani and Barbosa each answered with 13 for Toronto. Atlanta led 60-55 at the half. "He's a guy who can really heat up and score in bunches and he did that tonight," Johnson said of Crawford. "He was basically unstoppable in the first half. When you've got guys like that coming off the bench, you're a tough team." Crawford didn't score in the third and Barbosa tied it at 72 on a pair of free throws with 2:08 left in the quarter, then gave Toronto its first lead since the first when he stole the ball at midcourt and converted a layup. Toronto led 77-75 going to the fourth. Notes: Crawford shot 10 for 14 in the first half but just 2 for 9 in the second. ... Atlanta has won four straight on the road. ... Sonny Weems dressed but did not play for the Raptors after sitting out the past 11 games because of back spasms. Weems last played Dec. 15. ... Atlanta's Marvin Williams (back) missed his sixth straight game. ... Hawks C Etan Thomas did not travel with the team to Toronto because he was snowed in at his Atlanta home. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited