
 76ers beat Bucks to end 5-game losing streak Posted Nov 19 2010 10:29PM PHILADELPHIA(AP) Thaddeus Young never knows whether he's going to play 10 minutes or virtually the whole game. He just comes ready to play. Young scored a season-high 23 points in one of his best performances of the season, Lou Williams added 19 and the Philadelphia 76ers snapped a five-game losing streak with a 90-79 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday night. "Coach (Doug) Collins always tells me to be prepared and that's what I try to do," said Young, who came off the bench to play 38 minutes. "If it's going to be 15 minutes or 40 minutes, I know I have to be mentally and physically prepared." Andres Nocioni contributed 12 points and Marreese Speights had 10 rebounds for the Sixers (3-10), who won for just the second time at home this season. Jrue Holiday also had 10 points. "It just felt so good to win," Collins said. Andre Iguodala missed his fifth game out of the last seven for the Sixers with tendinitis in his right Achilles'. Corey Maggette led the Bucks (5-7) with 20 points, Drew Gooden added 16 and Brandon Jennings had 12. John Salmons scored 11. "We can't make excuses," said Bucks center Andrew Bogut, who scored just four points. "We just have to blame ourselves. I think we came into this game knowing their record. I don't know if we were tired or what's going on." On a night when the starters struggled mightily, the Sixers received a nice lift from the bench, which outscored the Bucks, 47-32. Philadelphia raced to a 69-53 lead with four minutes remaining in the third quarter and cruised to its first win since a 106-96 victory at New York on Nov. 7. "Our bench did a great job," Williams said. "On our team, we have guys who are all capable. It happened to be a great effort from our bench." The Bucks misfired on all 12 3-pointers and also finished 4 for 19 from the field in the third. The last time the Sixers held an opponent without a 3-pointer occurred on Nov. 7, 2007, against Charlotte. "We got our share of quality shots, but we missed them," Milwaukee coach Scott Skiles said. "Some of them were wide open." With Milwaukee's starters not shooting well, Skiles went deep into his bench, including forward Jon Brockman. As the shots clanged off the rim, the Sixers were able to build a lead and sustain it. A 3-pointer by Williams with 7:25 left gave the Sixers an 83-65 advantage. The Bucks did get within eight, but Williams hit a 3-pointer with 1:38 remaining, pushing the lead back to 11. "We were bleeding a little bit," Collins said. "We have to learn how to finish games better." The Sixers led by as many as 10 in the first half and took a 49-43 advantage into the locker room. Notes: Milwaukee guards Chris Douglas-Roberts (right eye) and Carlos Delfino (neck strain) were inactive. Bogut blocked five shots for the Bucks. Evan Turner led the Sixers with six assists. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   