Magic hit 19 3-pointers in 110-95 win over Cavs Posted Dec 28 2010 11:02PM CLEVELAND (AP)  Orlando's new players are fitting in just fine. Gilbert Arenas scored 22 points, fellow newcomer Jason Richardson added 20, and the Magic made a season-high 19 3-pointers in a 110-95 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday night. "We have shown that at any given moment that anybody can take the game over," said Arenas, who was 5 of 9 on 3-pointers. Orlando won its fourth straight by breaking open a close game in the fourth quarter with leading scorer Dwight Howard on the bench. Howard went out with his fourth foul late in the third period and didn't play in the fourth as the Magic extended a one-point lead to 102-85 with 4:23 to play. The Cavaliers lost for the 14th time in 15 games and are 1-13 in December. The 3-pointers allowed was their season high. Howard wasn't on the floor with the game on the line, but it didn't matter. The Magic scored 35 points in the fourth quarter, hitting 13 of 22 from the field and 7-of-10 3-pointers. Arenas, Richardson, Hedo Turkoglu and Earl Clark, acquired in trades on Dec. 18 as the Magic rebuilt their roster, played major roles in the victory. "We are veterans and we all mesh well," Richardson said. "We all have great personalities and nobody has a bad attitude. We all have the same goal, and that is winning games right now." Arenas scored nine points, all on 3-pointers, in the fourth quarter. Clark had eight points while Turkoglu added six. All of Richardson's points came in the first three quarters. Following the game, Orlando coach Stan Van Gundy was able to joke with general manager Otis Smith, the man who pulled off the trades. "I told Otis on the way in, it took me 32 games, but we finally found our fourth-quarter lineup," Van Gundy said. "It was a great fourth quarter." Howard also found humor with the way the game played out. "We found out what the problem was tonight: I was," he said. "Once I stepped out of the game, it flowed a lot better." Orlando, which attempted 31 3-pointers, had six players in double figures. Richardson made four 3-pointers, while J.J. Redick had 14 points and made all three of his 3-point tries. Jameer Nelson added 13, while Howard and Clark scored 12 points apiece. The Magic have made 10 or more 3-pointers 14 times this season and are 10-4 in those games. "They have a lot of firepower," Cavaliers coach Byron Scott said. "There's no doubt about that. We don't have as much as they do. There's no doubt about that, too." Antawn Jamison led Cleveland with 21 points while Daniel Gibson, who fouled out late in the game, scored 15. Anderson Varejao and Mo Williams added 14 apiece. All of Williams' points came in the first quarter. Howard went out with his fourth foul with 39 seconds left in the third quarter, which ended with Orlando leading 75-74. A pair of 3-pointers by Ryan Anderson, a 3-pointer and a three-point play by Turkoglu and six points by Clark helped push the lead to 95-85 with 6:37 left. Two 3-pointers by Arenas and one by Nelson made it 107-93 with 1:42 remaining. "It was a one-point game going into the fourth and we had foul trouble," Van Gundy said. "I was fully expecting to bring both those guys back. Ryan hit the two 3s and we got rolling a little bit and the lead stayed up." The Cavaliers played with an emotion that's been missing most of the season. After being fouled while getting an offensive rebound, Varejao pounded his head with his fists several times before going to the line and making two free throws. Jamison was given a technical foul seconds later for arguing after being called for an offensive foul. Varejao and Howard later bumped into each other under the basket after a play ended. The Magic made 7-of-9 3-pointers in the first quarter and 10 of 16 for the first half. Redick's 3-pointer with a second left gave Orlando a 60-57 halftime lead. Gibson returned to the starting lineup after missing Sunday's game because of the flu. NOTES: Howard has 11 technical fouls through 32 games. He's five technicals away from receiving a one-game suspension. ... Orlando plays its next four games at home, beginning Thursday night against New York. ... Jamison left the game briefly in the first quarter after banging knees with Nelson, but returned. ... Cleveland signed swingman Alonzo Gee on Tuesday. The 6-foot-6 Gee previously played for San Antonio and Washington this season. He averaged 2.1 points and 1.6 rebounds in just under 10 minutes per game. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited