Parker, Spurs beat short-handed Wizards Posted Dec 26 2010 11:11PM SAN ANTONIO (AP)  Tony Parker and the NBA-leading San Antonio Spurs pushed aside the short-handed Washington Wizards before turning their attention to the Los Angeles Lakers. Parker had 20 points, 14 assists and six rebounds to help the Spurs beat the Wizards 94-80 on Sunday night. "Tony ran the show tonight," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "He was the guy. He and Manu were fantastic, not just scoring, but keeping everyone together. They were both very, very good." The Spurs will face the two-time defending champion Lakers on Tuesday night, then play the resurgent Dallas Mavericks on Thursday night. "We're playing well, and it's been a long time since we've had everyone healthy," Parker said. "It's a great challenge for our team." Manu Ginobili had 21 points and George Hill added 11 to help the Spurs improve to 24-6 and rebound from a 123-101 loss to Orlando on Thursday night that snapped their winning streak at 11. The league leaders in 3-point percentage, San Antonio shot 10 of 24 from long range. Hill returned to the lineup after missing four games because of a sprained right toe. "I think it started with Tony," Hill said. "He made their defense suck in and he was kicking it out. We fed off that." Rashard Lewis, acquired last week from Orlando, had 21 points and 12 rebounds for Washington, playing without suspended forwards Andray Blatche and JaVale McGee. They were suspended for one game for conduct detrimental to the team. The Washington Post said Blatche and McGee were involved in an altercation outside an area club early Friday. The newspaper reported that two league sources said the players cursed at each other and exchanged punches. The Post said another source said police were called to break up the fight. "All of the players knew, when we started the season, we had a zero tolerance for off-the-court incidents," Wizards coach Flip Saunders said. "Unfortunately, those two got in a situation. That's why they're suspended." The Wizards cut it to 60-56 on Kurt Hinrich's running layup midway through the third quarter. But San Antonio pulled ahead with a 21-9 run that ended when Hill hit two free throws with 4.1 seconds left in the quarter to make it 81-65. "I thought to be playing one of the best teams in the NBA, we had a chance to win it," Lewis said. "Kept ourselves close, but they're a great 3-point shooting team. We made some mistakes and they were able to take the lead in the third quarter." The Wizards dropped to 0-14 on the road and are last in the Eastern Conference at 7-21. They are 1-9 in their last 10. Without their leading scorer in Blatche, Washington welcomed the return of rookie point guard John Wall, who sat out five games because of a bruised right knee. He had four points in 19 minutes. "I wasn't used to it. I haven't played in two weeks and a half," Wall said. "But running on a bike is different than running on the court. Especially chasing a talented point guard in Tony Parker." Hinrich added 15 points. Hilton Armstrong had 13 rebounds, but sprained his right foot. He was when he landed awkwardly trying to block Spurs guard Gary Neal's shot with 8 minutes in the fourth. Armstrong didn't return and is day-to-day. NOTES: The Oklahoma State and Arizona football teams were in stands. They will play Wednesday night in the Alamo Bowl ... Washington hasn't won in San Antonio since Dec. 11, 1999. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited