Hibbert leads Pacers past Hornets 117-108 in OT Posted Feb 21 2012 11:19PM INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  Strong stretches by Darren Collison and Paul George and a career effort by first-time All-Star Roy Hibbert was enough to get the Indiana Pacers past the New Orleans Hornets. Hibbert had a career-high 30 points and 13 rebounds to lead the Pacers to a 117-108 win in overtime against the Hornets on Tuesday night. "They came out very aggressive, took the game away from us and kind of knocked us back on our heels," Hibbert said. "We were able to exist, hang on and got key buckets in the fourth quarter." Paul George scored 20 points and Darren Collison had 18 points and eight rebounds for the Pacers, winners of three straight. Trevor Ariza scored 21 points to lead the Hornets, who have lost 10 of their last 13. New Orleans, which snapped a three-game winning streak Monday at Oklahoma City, concludes a stretch of three games in three days - all on the road - Wednesday at Cleveland. The Pacers went on a 10-0 run in overtime. Hibbert and Collison combined for eight points and West scored to take a 113-102 lead. The Hornets, who missed six shots in overtime, scored back-to-back baskets and then only scored once more. "We had our chances," Hornets coach Monty Williams said. "We had our chance in overtime and couldn't hit a shot." George's finger roll layup tied the score at 91 with 3:09 to go in regulation and started an 8-1 run for the Pacers. Hibbert's jumper 37 seconds later put them ahead and Danny Granger's layup extended the lead to four with 1:50 remaining. Jarrett Jack made a free throw for the Hornets before Hibbert's putback extended the advantage to 97-92 with about 1 1/2 minutes remaining. Gustavo Ayon had three baskets in New Orleans' 6-2 run, cutting the deficit to 99-98 with 16.5 seconds left. Collison was fouled and went to the line. He hit 1 of 2 free throws to make it 100-98 before Ariza tied score with a jumper with 5.4 seconds left. George missed a jumper at the buzzer. New Orleans took the lead right away in the first quarter and didn't give it up until the third. "They challenged us on the defensive end and in the second half we rose to the challenge," Pacers coach Frank Vogel said. The Pacers tied the score at 56 at the start of the second half when Granger hit a 3-pointer. However, the Hornets answered like they did all night, this time with a 3 by Greivis Vasquez to tie the score again. The Pacers started to pull away after the score was tied at 74. Price was fouled and went to the line to give the Pacers a two-point lead. Then the Hornets bench was called for a technical and Price returned to the line to extend the lead to three. A.J. Price hit a 3-pointer to increase the advantage to 80-74. Solomon Jones made a field goal and later scored a free throw to pull the Hornets back within three, and Jack hit a 3 to tie the score. The Pacers got within a point twice in the second quarter, but never took a lead. Each time the Pacers had a chance to tie it at the free throw line. Hibbert scored two free throws and a hook shot midway through the quarter to make it 46-45. Jack turned the ball over on the Hornets' next trip down the floor and West missed a short jumper. Then Jack was called for a technical and Granger missed the free throw. Still the Pacers were 22 of 31 from the line. Then Belinelli hit a 3-pointer and the Hornets had a four-point lead again, and took a 56-53 advantage at halftime. With just seven wins, the Hornets are the worst in the West, but Tuesday showed they can play better than what their record indicates. "People look at our record and think that we're not competing," Jack said. "It seems like it's been all season long that we come out really competitive, but just can't put a full 48-minute stretch together." NOTES: The Hornets are 0-9 this season in games they've given up 100 points or more and was the first win for the Pacers when giving up 100 points or more. ... This was the first time Pacers F David West faced his former team, where he played from 2003-11. ... Hornets C Emeka Okafor was out with sore left knee. ... Hornets F Jason Smith was out with a concussion. ... Hornets G Eric Gordon sat out with right knee contusion. ... Carl Landry was out with a sprained MCL. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited