Cavs end 10-game skid with 97-91 win at Boston Posted Apr 05 2013 11:46PM BOSTON (AP)  Tristan Thompson's new career highs of 29 points and 17 rebounds weren't nearly as important to him as the number he helped the Cleveland Cavaliers avoid. There will be no 11th straight loss for Cleveland. Thompson and the Cavaliers dominated Boston inside as Cleveland ended its 10-game losing streak by beating the Celtics 97-91 on Friday night. "During this losing streak, we had a lot of games we should have won but at the end of the day we ended up taking the L," Thompson said. "Tonight was our game to win. We knew we had to take it and bring it back to Cleveland." It was the second time in two days Thompson took on a leadership role for the Cavaliers. After practice Thursday, he lashed out at critics who blame the Cavaliers' woes on coach Byron Scott and rumors that he won't be back for a fourth season. Thompson called the speculation "bogus," saying it was the players' responsibility to work their way out of the slide. On Friday, he backed up his comments by grabbing every loose ball within reach and leading the Cavaliers to a 58-42 rebounding edge in their first win since March 12. His seven offensive rebounds were just three short of Boston's team total. "I just know he was really geared up to play," Scott said. "Maybe it was some of the things he said. `We have to come out and play like men' - and I thought our guys did that." Alonzo Gee also had a double-double with 16 points and 10 rebounds for the Cavaliers, who avenged their most painful loss of the skid. Cleveland's largest lead was 14, the same margin the Cavaliers led the Celtics by in the fourth quarter of a game last week before Boston rallied and won 92-91 on Jeff Green's layup at the buzzer. The Cavaliers held on to this lead - firmly - two days after getting routed by Brooklyn 113-95 in Cleveland. "I thought they responded perfect," Scott said. "I thought they were into the game from start to finish. Came out with some aggressiveness, focused and we played hard." The Cavaliers avoided their 11th straight loss, which would have been the second-longest streak under Scott. Wayne Ellington scored 12 points and Kyrie Irving added 11 points for Cleveland in his third game back since missing eight with a sprained shoulder. The Celtics played without team captain Paul Pierce, who was out with a sore ankle. The move may have cost the slumping Celtics. Boston has dropped eight of 11 and is clinging to the seventh playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. "We missed a lot of open shots, but I also thought we settled," coach Doc Rivers said. The Celtics shot well early, but went 6 for 22 in a woeful third quarter and never recovered after the outside shots stopped falling. The Cavaliers were already controlling inside and outscored Boston 52-38 in the paint. The Celtics also hurt themselves at the foul line, making 13 of 22 free throws. "We definitely thought we had an opportunity to win the game there, but we let it slip," Jason Terry said. "In the second quarter, we built up momentum and for whatever reason we let them back in the game, sent them to the free throw line and gave them some easy baskets in transitions." Green scored 23 points for Boston and Shavlik Randolph had 16 points before fouling out with 6:57 left in the fourth. Brandon Bass scored 12 and Avery Bradley had 10 points for Boston. The Cavaliers hadn't won since beating Washington 95-90. The Celtics started the third quarter well with a 10-3 run for a 62-55 lead, then went without a field goal for the next 5:18. Cleveland outscored Boston 13-1 during the span with the Celtics' only point coming on a free throw made by Randolph with 4:45 left in the third. It was Randolph's 14th point of the game, but he missed on his second free throw attempt then had to go to the bench barely a minute later when he was called for his fifth foul. Thompson made both foul shots to put the Cavaliers up 68-63 with 3:19 left in the period. Jordan Crawford's 3-pointer with 32 seconds left somewhat salvaged a dismal period for the Celtics, who trailed 74-68 entering the fourth. The Cavaliers scored the first eight points of the fourth, including a pair of free throws by C.J. Miles after taking a flagrant foul from Terry at midcourt. Boston never got closer than four points the of the way. Notes: Thompson's career high in points is 27 against the Nets in March 2012. His rebounding high was 16 against Houston in January. ... The Celtics were without Kevin Garnett, who missed his eighth straight game because of inflammation in his left ankle. ... The Cavaliers outrebounded the Celtics 28-21 in the first half, playing to a 52-all tie after two periods. ... Boston made just eight of 15 foul shots in the first half. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited