
 Bargnani scores 30 as Raptors beat Kings 118-112 Posted Jan 09 2011 5:02PM TORONTO (AP)  With Tyreke Evans injured, the Sacramento Kings couldn't find anyone able to stop DeMar DeRozan. DeRozan scored 28 points, Andrea Bargnani had 30 and the Toronto Raptors beat Sacramento 118-112 on Sunday, handing the Kings their 10th straight road loss. "(DeRozan) was too quick for the players we had available and he took advantage of it," Kings coach Paul Westphal said. "He got to the rim." DeRozan topped 20 points for the fourth time in six games, a streak that began with a career-best 37-point performance at Houston on Dec. 31. "He's starting to really come into his own as an offensive player, especially when he can drive the ball to the basket like he did tonight," Toronto coach Jay Triano said. DeRozan is plenty confident in his driving abilities, but knew he'd have an easier time without Evans guarding him. "I always feel like I'm quick enough to get by a lot of players," DeRozan said. "With them missing one of their best players, I just tried to take advantage of it and do what I had to do." The NBA's reigning Rookie of the Year, Evans sat with a sprained left ankle, just the third game he's missed this season. Jermaine Taylor started in his place. Sacramento's six-game road trip continues with back-to-back games Tuesday at Washington and Wednesday at Boston, and Evans' status remains uncertain. "I'm hopeful but I'm not really expecting him to be able to play the next game," Westphal said. "We'll see how he feels (Monday) and maybe he'll be able to go." Evans has been bothered by foot problems all season and did not practice Saturday, standing on the sidelines in a walking boot. Leandro Barbosa scored 11 of his 18 points in the fourth quarter and Jose Calderon had 13 points and nine assists for the Raptors, who had lost 13 of their previous 17. Toronto had lost six of seven home games during that stretch. Jerryd Bayless returned from injury to score 10 points and Amir Johnson had eight points and nine rebounds as Toronto won its seventh straight home game against Sacramento. "We couldn't stop Bargnani or DeRozan or Barbosa, and to some extent Bayless as well," Westphal said. "Our team defense really wasn't good enough to make up for their aggressive penetration." Beno Udrih scored 25 points and Carl Landry had 22 for the Kings. Jason Thompson had 19 points and 11 rebounds, DeMarcus Cousins had 18 points and 10 rebounds and Francisco Garcia scored 13 for Sacramento, which had won three of its previous five. Cousins said Evans' absence made things tough for Sacramento. "Tyreke makes a lot of things happen, especially scoring-wise," Cousins said. "He draws so much attention, he's kicking it out and dishing, so he makes the game a lot easier for other players." The Kings' last win away from home was a 107-104 victory at Cleveland on Oct. 30. The game was tied at 96 after Bayless missed the free throw on a potential three-point play with 7:37 left. But Barbosa made two 3-pointers and DeRozan added a pair of jump shots as Toronto outscored Sacramento 12-4 over the next 4 minutes to take a 108-100 lead with 3:56 left. Cousins scored on a dunk, a tip-in and a layup and Udrih added a jumper and made one of two from the line as the Kings cut it to 110-109 with 1:06 remaining. After a Toronto timeout, Bargnani made a 3-pointer with 1:01 left. At the other, Barbosa grabbed the rebound on Garcia's missed 3, allowing Johnson to seal it with a pair of free throws. Toronto made its first 10 shots before Linas Kleiza missed a jumper with 4:21 left in the opening quarter. Still, the Raptors only led 34-31 after 12 minutes. Neither team shot well in the second quarter, but Toronto got six points each from Bargnani and DeRozan to take a 57-50 lead at the break. DeRozan had 11 in the third but Udrih answered with 11 of his own and Thompson added eight as the Kings took the lead. Bayless made a driving layup with 6 seconds left in the third, sending the game to the fourth tied 85-85. Bayless returned after missing three of the previous four games with a sore left ankle, but Sonny Weems (back spasms) missed his 11th straight game. NOTES: The last NBA team to make its first 10 field goals was Houston, who did it in a 116-92 home win over the Raptors on Mar. 1, 2010 ... Evans missed Sacramento's Oct. 27 season opening win over Minnesota while serving a one-game suspension for pleading no-contest to reckless driving, and sat out a Dec. 14 loss at Houston because of plantar fasciitis in his left foot. ... Toronto set a season-high with 64 points in the paint. ... Blue Jays players Adam Lind, Jesse Litsch, Travis Snider and Vernon Wells attended the game. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   