Kleiza leads Raptors over Mavericks Posted Dec 14 2012 10:40PM TORONTO (AP)  Dallas Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle had glowing praise for an old pal turned opponent. He wasn't as kind when it came to his own team. Linas Kleiza scored 12 of his 20 points in the fourth quarter, rookie Terrence Ross had 18 points and the Toronto Raptors beat the Mavericks 95-74 on Friday night, snapping a six-game losing streak. "We played poorly and they played great," Carlisle said. "I don't know how else to sum it up. It's as simple as that." Not quite that simple, really. Carlisle made sure to credit Toronto coach Dwane Casey, his former assistant in Dallas, for his efforts on the sideline. "After tonight, I think it's very, very clear that whatever problems the Raptors franchise have are completely unrelated to coaching," Carlisle said. "Dwane Casey is doing a great job with a roster that's beat up. I just have so much respect for him." Casey worked for the Mavericks for three seasons, and was part of Carlisle's staff when Dallas won the NBA title in 2011. Casey took over the Raptors last season, but has endured questions about his status as Toronto stumbled to a 4-19 start. Still, Casey didn't call Friday's victory cause for relief. "We still have a lot of games to play," he said. "We need to continue with the basics." DeMar DeRozan and Jose Calderon scored 14 points each for the Raptors, who had lost 14 of their previous 17 meetings with the Mavericks. Dallas came in ranked as the NBA's fifth-best 3-point shooting team but endured a miserable shooting night. The Mavericks went 0 for 13 from 3-point range, coming up empty for the first time since February 1999. Their stretch of 1,108 games had been the longest active streak in the NBA. "The whole team played like (garbage) tonight," O.J. Mayo said. "We didn't play the way we're capable of playing and when that happens, you get beat by 20." Derek Fisher was credited with a 3-pointer at 9:09 of the fourth, but the basket was later changed to a 2 after video review. Casey called it one of Toronto's best defensive efforts of the season. "Our guys did a good job as a whole," Casey said. "We have spent the last couple of days getting back to basics. That's the only thing you can do when you are knocked down." The Raptors had lost 12 of 13 and were again without Andrea Bargnani (right elbow) and Kyle Lowry (right shoulder). But thanks to some impressive long range shooting, that didn't matter. "We didn't match what they put out on the floor, simple as that," Carlisle said. "We got our butts kicked." Kleiza had five 3-pointers, four in the final quarter, as Toronto matched its season high with the 12 3s. The Raptors made 12 3-pointers in a Nov. 10 loss to Philadelphia. Shawn Marion had 12 points and 13 rebounds for the Mavericks, who lost their second straight and dropped below .500 at 11-12. Chris Kaman scored 15 points and Mayo added 10. Dallas lost 117-115 in double overtime at Boston on Wednesday. "It's frustrating after going double overtime with the Celtics, a team like that, and then coming in here and losing by 20 to a team who is struggling," Kaman said. Mayo, Dallas' leading scorer this season, didn't make his first field goal until a driving hook shot with 1:08 left in the third. He finished with six turnovers, giving him 15 in his past two games. "Just got to get better," he said. "Can't keep turning the ball over and expect to help this team win." Kleiza made consecutive 3s to begin the fourth and John Lucas III followed with a fast break layup, putting Toronto up 77-55 with 9:26 left. "They jumped us and it was uphill the whole way," Carlisle said. "By the last six minutes, it was over." Dallas held a 25-24 lead after the first quarter but Toronto took the lead in the second, starting the period on a 17-6 run fueled by 11 points from Ross. Kleiza added eight points as the Raptors led 54-41 at halftime. DeRozan and Mickael Pietrus made consecutive 3-pointers and Pietrus added a three-point play to put the Raptors up 66-45 with 7:14 left in the third. Dallas scored eight straight points before Calderon stopped the run with a 3, snapping Toronto's 5:27 scoreless streak. The Raptors led 69-55 heading to the fourth. NOTES: The last time the Mavericks failed to make at least one 3-pointer was a Feb 26, 1999 loss to Utah that saw them go 0 for 8 from beyond the arc. ... Dallas F Jae Crowder (illness) dressed but did not play. ... The Mavericks visit Minnesota on Saturday night. ... F Amir Johnson returned to Toronto's lineup after missing Wednesday's loss to Brooklyn while serving a one-game suspension. Swingman Alan Anderson was back after missing 17 games with a sore left foot, while Kleiza returned after sitting out two games with a sore right knee. ... Buffalo Bills receivers Donald Jones and Steve Johnson attended the game. The Bills host the Seattle Seahawks in Toronto on Sunday. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited