
 Marion, Chandler lead Mavericks over Timberwolves Posted Dec 02 2010 12:39AM DALLAS(AP) Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle went to his reserves often Wednesday night, and they responded with a stellar all-around effort. Shawn Marion scored 16 points, leading a productive effort by Dallas' backups, and the Mavericks beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 100-86 for their seventh consecutive victory. "When you step on the court, you've got to bring it at the same level as the starters or you'll be back on the bench," Marion said. "It's that simple." J.J. Barea scored 14 points and Jason Terry had 12 as Dallas' reserves outscored their counterparts 59-32. Tyson Chandler had 14 rebounds in the third quarter, setting a Mavericks record for any quarter, and finished with 18 overall. Lorenzo Williams and Popeye Jones set the previous quarter mark of 12 boards, both in 1996. Chandler had only four rebounds at halftime. "I thought I had a bad first half and didn't bring enough energy," Chandler said. "I made some dumb fouls and Coach kind of got on me at halftime, so I wanted to come out and bring some energy and do some more out there." The Mavericks were playing their sixth game in nine nights, and they were able to rest stars Dirk Nowitzki, Jason Kidd and Caron Butler. Nowitzki had a season-low 10 points, the same total as Butler. Dallas has won 16 of the last 17 meetings with Minnesota. Kevin Love, the NBA's top rebounder, had 12 points and 15 boards for the Timberwolves, who lost their fifth straight. Michael Beasley scored 16 as Minnesota fell to 1-9 on the road. At the shootaround earlier in the day, Carlisle talked about the importance of matching Minnesota's rebounding intensity and Dallas responded with a 50-46 edge on the boards. Backup center Brendan Haywood had 10 rebounds and Marion finished with eight. "That was a point of emphasis for the game," Carlisle said. "Everybody was focused on keeping a body on their man and knowing where Love was on the floor." Minnesota coach Kurt Rambis said his team was hurt by 17 turnovers, leading to 20 Dallas points. "We turned the ball over way too much, particularly in the first half," Rambis said. "And guys got discouraged. Even when it got into the 10-point range in the third quarter, our guys still had their heads down, that was a little bit of a disappointment. So, the guys are young, they've got to get to the point where they do little things that turn the game in their favor." Marion's 11 points contributed to a 33-14 first-half advantage in reserve scoring, and the Mavericks held a 55-43 edge at the break. Brian Cardinal hit back-to-back 3-pointers for Dallas over the final 2:09 of the third quarter, completing a 14-6 run and helping the Mavs to an 83-64 advantage heading into the fourth. Dallas went on to lead by as many as 24 in the final quarter. "They know how important it is to put an opponent away when they have an opportunity," Carlisle said. NOTES: Minnesota PG Jonny Flynn will report to the team's development league affiliate in Sioux Falls, S.D., for a game on Friday as he works his way back from hip surgery. Flynn has yet to play in a game this season. He had surgery on his left hip in July and has started ramping up his workouts over the past few weeks. ... Dallas F Steve Novak played in his third game this season. He was active in place of G Dominique Jones, who's playing a few games for Frisco of the D-League. ... Dallas' 55 points matched its best first half of the season. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   