Warriors rally past Spurs 107-101 in OT By ANTONIO GONZALEZ Posted Feb 23 2013 3:00AM OAKLAND, Calif. (AP)  Maybe these new-look Golden State Warriors are winners after all. Jarrett Jack had 30 points and 10 assists, David Lee added 25 points and 22 rebounds and the short-sleeve-wearing Warriors rallied past the San Antonio Spurs 107-101 in overtime Friday night to snap a staggering 16-game losing streak in the series. "We're not going anywhere," Warriors coach Mark Jackson said. "We will not go anywhere. So get used to seeing these beautiful yellow jerseys." The tight-fitted uniforms with pinstriped shorts became the talk of Twitter and also sparked chatter in the stands. Even point guard Stephen Curry said some Spurs laughed at the Warriors when they took off their practice shirts - only to sport similar yellow-sleeved uniforms underneath. It was certainly a fashion statement, but not nearly as dramatic as the statement made by the Warriors with their play. Curry finished with 18 points and six assists to carry Golden State from 13 points down in the fourth quarter. The game featured 20 lead changes, 17 ties and countless late highlights. Golden State had dropped six in a row until winning against Phoenix on Wednesday. The Warriors, also playing without center Andrew Bogut, hadn't won against San Antonio since another overtime game at home - all the way back on Jan. 7, 2008. "Had it been that long?" Curry asked. "Dang. Good win." Danny Green scored 20 points and Tim Duncan had 19 points and 18 rebounds for the NBA-leading Spurs, who had won five straight and 16 of 17 overall. San Antonio fell to 6-2 on its rodeo trip, which ends Sunday at Phoenix. "I think we got a little bit stubborn at different periods of the game and didn't move the ball really well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "But they did a great job defensively and that's what allowed them to have an opportunity to win the basketball game. They did a really fine job in that regard." The Spurs seemed to take control between the third and fourth quarters, breaking away from a tie game with 13 straight points behind Manu Ginobili and Tony Parker. Both finished with 18 points, but both disappeared late. The teams traded baskets for the final 6 minutes of regulation and most of overtime. Lee's driving layup put the Warriors ahead 90-89 with a little more than a minute to play in the fourth. That lead lasted only a few seconds, with Green banking a floater off the glass. Curry came out of a timeout slashing through the lane and tossed a midair pass out to Jack through a crowd of defenders. Jack swished the 3-pointer with 7.3 seconds to play, pumping his right hand and flexing his muscles around midcourt after giving Golden State a 93-91 lead. The rest of his celebration would have to wait. Duncan took the inbounds pass on the other end from Ginobili, who knifed through the lane for a quick give-and-go and a tying layup. Jack missed a desperation shot, sending the game to overtime. The energy remained rampant in the extra period, and so did the highlights. Curry's long bounce pass just skipped past Ginobili and into the hands of Jack, whose reverse layup gave Golden State a 100-98 lead. Jack followed with another long jumper, freezing Parker off the dribble to put the Warriors ahead by four with 56.5 seconds left. Green hit a 3-pointer before Parker missed a potential go-ahead layup. Lee grabbed the rebound and tossed the ball to Curry, whose two free throws put the Warriors ahead 104-101. Duncan's errant pass was stolen on the next possession to seal San Antonio's loss. Jack hit a trio of free throws, and the Warriors finally came out on top against the Spurs. Jack became the first NBA reserve to finish with at least 30 points and 10 assists since Lakers great Magic Johnson on Feb. 16, 1996, according to the Warriors. The Sixth Man of the Year contender only cared about the result, with Golden State outshooting San Antonio 41.5 to 38.9 percent and winning the rebounding battle 48 to 40. "By far our best defensive effort in a really, really long time," Jack said. And it came without Bogut, who is out indefinitely with back spasms. The 7-foot center has missed 43 of 55 games this season, most recovering from surgery on his left ankle. The Warriors still put to rest a staggering 16 straight losses against San Antonio. The first half played out in less mesmerizing fashion than the uniforms, with San Antonio setting its typical plodding pace. Both teams took seven-point leads during the first half, and each struggled to create separation. "They were packing in everybody in the paint. They did a good job tonight," said Parker, who shot 7 of 18 from the floor. The intensity finally picked up late in the third quarter when the home team delighted the crowd announced at 19,596 - Golden State's 16th straight sellout - with some daring and dazzling efforts, starting with Curry's bank shot after getting knocked down by Duncan to begin a three-point play. Ginobili twisted his way through the lane for a layup and a jumper as the Spurs scored 13 straight, including the first 12 points of the fourth. They went ahead 80-67 on Green's 3-pointer with 8:55 to play. Golden State answered with its own 13-0 run capped by a 3-pointer from Curry, whose swish came mere feet in front of jubilant owner Joe Lacob sitting courtside. Both waived to the fans roaring to their feet, setting the stage for the frantic finish. NOTES: Spurs swingman Stephen Jackson dressed but did not play for undisclosed reasons. He played at the Clippers a night earlier, his first game back since his wife had a miscarriage. Jackson had left the team in Chicago on Feb. 11. ... The Warriors are also planning to wear the sleeved jerseys for home games against Houston on March 8 and Chicago on March 15. ... The Spurs have won 28 in a row against the Warriors in San Antonio. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited