Smith, Johnson push Hawks past Raptors 93-84 By GEORGE HENRY Posted Jan 17 2012 1:30AM ATLANTA (AP)  Josh Smith believes the Atlanta Hawks can keep winning even though center Al Horford will miss the next three to four months with an injury. "We have veteran guys who have been there and done that before," Smith said. "All we need is to just keep flying under the radar." Smith scored 28 points and pulled down a season-high 15 rebounds and Joe Johnson added 27 points to help the Atlanta Hawks win their third straight game, 93-84 over the Toronto Raptors on Monday. The Hawks are 3-0 since Horford tore his left pectoral muscle last week, and Smith is hardly concerned that Atlanta has yet to beat a strong opponent during that stretch. Charlotte, Minnesota and Toronto are a combined 11-29. "We've played against some good teams here and some not-so-good teams, so we've just got to be able to be disciplined no matter who we're playing against," Smith said. "We have to be able to get out to a good start. The bench guys came in (Saturday) night and gave us a lift and the starters did the same thing today and everyone else followed." Leandro Barbosa had 22 points off the bench for Toronto, which has lost five straight. Toronto was without center Andrea Bargnani, the NBA's ninth-leading scorer, for the third straight game because of a strained left calf. Reserve guard James Johnson didn't play because of a sprained right ankle. The Raptors twice cut the lead to one late in the third quarter when Barbosa hit a pair of free throws and a runner, but Atlanta went on an 18-9 run that Jeff Teague ended with a free throw to make it 81-71 with 7:55 remaining. Toronto never got closer than five after Ed Davis scored inside over Smith to make it 85-80 with 2:12 left. Smith responded on the next possession by jumping from the right baseline and tipping in Johnson's missed runner to give the Hawks an 87-80 lead. "It sounds like a broken record, but I thought our guys competed," Raptors coach Dwane Casey said. "We're truly missing our players, but that's no excuse. There's only so much you can ask for from certain players. That's not their role." Jose Calderon had 13 points and 11 assists and Amir Johnson added 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Raptors, who have lost seven of eight overall and dropped to 2-6 on the road. The Hawks converted 17 Toronto turnovers into 22 points. "I don't want to make excuses, but we're a young team and we have a new coach," Calderon said. "Maybe we need some practice. Hopefully we can get on the same page. Sometimes we turn the ball over because we're trying to do too much." Calderon likes that Casey wants the Raptors to run the floor with an up-tempo offense - an approach that could give Toronto a better chance to succeed when Bargnani and others return from injury. "We just have to get used to this," Calderon said. "We have to keep fighting. Everybody believes in what we're doing, we just have to do it for 48 minutes. We're competing. We're not losing by 20 or 30 points." Teague, who gave Atlanta its biggest lead when his floating jumper made it 43-30 at the 3:55 mark of the second, is pleased that the Hawks are doing what comes natural and leaning on their two best scorers (Johnson and Smith) with Horford sidelined. "It's going to take team efforts every night," Teague said. "We've played well the last few games, but coming in here (Wednesday), Portland is a really good team. They'll play hard. We'll just have to stay together." Atlanta improved to 10-4 overall, 6-1 at home. Notes: The Hawks never trailed after Smith's layup made it 13-11 at the 6:35 mark of the first. ... Davis had 11 rebounds. ... Johnson and Teague each had six assists. ... Hawks G Tracy McGrady finished with no points and three assists in 8 minutes after missing the past three games with back spasms. ... Atlanta has won five straight over the Raptors and seven in a row at home. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited