Iguodala triple-double helps 76ers win in OT By DAN GELSTON Posted Mar 06 2011 10:28PM PHILADELPHIA (AP)  Andre Iguodala's eyes lit up when he saw Evan Turner alone in the open court. Iguodala's perfect pass to Turner was turned into a game-closing dunk - and a 10th assist. Iguodala needed 5 extra minutes to earn his second straight triple-double with 15 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists, helping the Philadelphia 76ers beat the Golden State Warriors 125-117 in overtime on Sunday night. "Took overtime to get it tonight," Iguodala said, smiling. "It just feels good to see these guys have success winning in the NBA." Iguodala had 22 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds Friday in a win over Minnesota. He's the first Sixer with two straight triple-doubles since Aaron McKie in the 2000-01 season, and he has three this season. No surprise, the Sixers have played some of their best basketball of the season as Iguodala has morphed from go-to scorer to a more complete player. He gets his teammates involved and no longer cares if he gets 20 points every night. His teammates take care of the scoring load. Thaddeus Young and Turner each scored 20 points for the Sixers, who moved two games over .500 for the first time this season. Doug Collins said he returned to Philadelphia to make the Sixers winners again and spend time with family in the area. He beamed in the locker room holding hands with his two young grandsons and taking them to meet various players. Both have plenty of room to grow. The Sixers have gone 29-17 since a 3-13 start. "We expected this from the start," Collins said. He didn't count on the Sixers scoring 16 points in the third after a 64-point first half. Monta Ellis scored 18 of his 27 points in the fourth quarter to rally the Warriors from an 18-point hole and force overtime. Stephen Curry scored 22 points, and David Lee had 14 points and 14 rebounds. Ellis scored 14 straight points for the Warriors in the fourth to cap a comeback from their first-half pummeling. The Sixers took a quick six-point lead to open OT, but Curry's 3 with 43 seconds left cut it to 118-115. Turner's twisting layup gave the Sixers some space and the Warriors' 20th turnover all but ended this one. Turner dunked off Iguodala's triple-double clinching assist to put the finishing touches on the Sixers' eighth win in their last 10 games. Warriors coach Keith Smart was heard screaming at his team in the locker room. Ellis declined to address Smart's remarks. "We've got to find a way to start winning these kinds of games," Ellis said. "We were right there but they made the big plays and won the game." As he did Friday against Boston, Ellis got hot in the second half and rallied the Warriors. He scored 28 of his 41 points after halftime against the Celtics in a four-point loss. Ellis made seven baskets for the Warriors in the fourth, capped by a tying 3-pointer with 3.7 seconds left in regulation. He had only six points at halftime. Each time the Warriors needed a basket, Ellis delivered from all over the court. He nailed a 3 with 10.2 seconds left in the fourth to pull the Warriors to 104-103. After Jodie Meeks made two free throws, Ellis followed with the long 3 in front of the Sixers bench to tie the game at 106-all. The Sixers were on the cusp of delivering an emotional victory several times in the fourth. Meeks' first basket of the game after six misses was a tying 3 with 1:45 left. Iguodala hit a highlight jumper when he stopped short on a drive and swished a fadeaway as the shot clock ticked toward 0 for a 104-100 lead. The Sixers stuffed a game's worth of big plays into the fourth. Turner earned a standing ovation after grabbing three offensive rebounds on the same possession, which came right after he had a blocked shot on defense. "I didn't know what they were cheering for," Turner said. "I've been booed a few times so it's definitely a great turnaround." More of those plays in the third and the Sixers wouldn't have needed OT. Their 18-point lead was erased late in the period when Curry pump-faked Turner and tossed the ball as they collided in the air. Turner looked bug-eyed at the ref, Curry sank the free throw and the Warriors led 72-70. They went into the fourth tied thanks to Philadelphia's 20 turnovers. The Sixers added only two more the rest of the way to secure the win. "There's no games in the NBA that you should win," Smart said. "There are games you've got to take." The Sixers took one Sunday. Notes: The Sixers outrebounded the Warriors 53-39. ... The Sixers made more free throws (26) than Golden State attempted (18). ... Iguodala has seven career triple-doubles. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited