Curry, Ellis lead Warriors past Jazz 119-101 Posted Feb 03 2012 2:10AM OAKLAND, Calif. (AP)  Monta Ellis didn't seem too impressed with Golden State's best offensive performance of the season. It was the Warriors defense which had Ellis grinning in the locker room afterward - and had coach Mark Jackson propping up his backcourt as one of the top tandems in the NBA. Ellis scored 33 points, Stephen Curry added 29 points and a season-high 12 assists and Golden State capped its longest homestand of the season with a 119-101 win over the Utah Jazz on Thursday night. "We can do that every night but it comes down to us getting stops on the defensive end and getting out and running like we normally do," Ellis said. "We did a nice job boxing out, getting rebounds and getting out and running, getting into transition and playing Warrior basketball." Curry and Ellis, who were on the bench for most of the fourth quarter in Tuesday's win over Sacramento when coach Mark Jackson played mainly reserves, didn't get much of a rest against the Jazz while leading the Warriors to their highest point total of the season. The two played nearly 40 minutes each and combined with David Lee for 85 points. "At their best, I'd put them up against anybody in the game," Jackson said. "We know what they're capable of doing. The challenge to them is not to tease us." Ellis scored 16 of his points in the third, including the final five of a 15-6 run to close out the period. He added five in the fourth before he and Curry left to a standing ovation from the Oracle Arena crowd. That was in stark contrast to the win over Sacramento when Ellis, Curry and center Andris Biedrins sat on the bench for almost all of the fourth quarter. Ellis didn't talk to reporters following the game and Jackson's only comments were in support of his bench. If there was any lingering issue between the two, Ellis didn't show it. He went 13 of 21 from the floor and added four assists. "It was a great feeling," Ellis said. "We were having fun, making plays for each other and helping each other out on the defensive end." Curry also had a solid night shooting, going 10 of 14. He and Ellis also had three steals apiece. Lee added 23 points and 14 rebounds for the Warriors. Golden State has won two straight since losing the first four games on its six-game homestand. Paul Milsap had 15 points and 11 rebounds for Utah. The Jazz played without starting point guard Devin Harris, who was a late scratch due to a strained left hamstring, and backup Earl Watson (sprained left ankle). both were hurt in Wednesday's loss to the Clippers. "We've got to stay together and fight with the ones we have healthy," Utah coach Tyrone Corbin said. "We didn't really get into our offensive sets, and then on defense they beat us on the boards, beat us to the loose balls and just out-hustled us. Utah, coming off a 107-105 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday, trailed by five with 5 minutes remaining in the half but pulled even after Jefferson powered through the lane for a dunk that tied the score at 46-46. Curry then made an 18-footer with five-tenths of a second left to give the Warriors a two-point halftime lead. NOTES: Jamaal Tinsley, who was out of the NBA entirely in 2011, tried to pick up the slack in his first start since Nov. 30, 2009. He had four assists in the first quarter, scored six straight points in the second to help the Jazz stick close and finished with nine points, 13 assists and six rebounds. ... Corbin knew Watson would be unavailable but didn't learn Harris would be out until less than an hour before tip-off. ... Golden State, which lost to Utah 88-87 on Jan. 7, shot 46.9 percent for the game. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited