
 Stuckey, Hamilton lead Pistons past Bucks 103-89 Posted Nov 26 2010 11:39PM DETROIT(AP) Almost everybody was hitting shots for the Detroit Pistons and almost no one was hitting them for the Milwaukee Bucks. Rodney Stuckey had 18 points and seven assists, Richard Hamilton contributed 15 points and nine assists and the Pistons beat the Bucks 103-89 on Friday night. Charlie Villanueva added 15 points and eight rebounds for Detroit, which had seven players score in double figures. The Pistons shot 56 percent from the field. "This was probably one of our funnest games of the season. I think everybody was into it, everybody shared the ball," Hamilton said. "Everybody was making the extra pass and things like that. When we do that, the game is fun for everybody." Tayshaun Prince had 14 points, Will Bynum a season-high 13, Ben Gordon 11 and Jason Maxiell 10. Brandon Jennings had 25 points and six assists for Milwaukee, which lost its fifth straight. The Bucks only shot 38.6 percent, missing several layups and open shots throughout the game. "We had whatever we wanted tonight, we just had to execute," Jennings said. "... The main thing is we need to put the ball in the basket." He was also taxed by guarding point guards Stuckey and Bynum, who both took Jennings into the post and ran him into screens. "I was trying to establish (posting up) early. When the game started, I got down there and got some assists," Stuckey said. "Guarding other point guards, always coming off pick-and-rolls, you get tired. You keep going with it. Jennings is a great player and fortunately, we won tonight." Detroit capitalized on the absence of Andrew Bogut, who missed his second game because of a sore back. "Bogut is an All-Star type of player," Pistons coach John Kuester said. "Not having him allowed our availability to get to the basket. He's an outstanding basketball player." The Bucks, who also got 14 points and 11 rebounds from Ersan Ilyasova, have struggled offensively for much of the season but had played well defensively. That wasn't case Friday night. "We weren't sharp ... right from the beginning," Milwaukee coach Scott Skiles said. "I could see we were a couple of steps slow." Jennings' driving lay-in cut the Bucks' deficit to nine points, 73-64, with 46 seconds left in the third. But Hamilton's jumper with 32 seconds left pushed Detroit's advantage back into double digits. Detroit led by as much as 23 in the fourth quarter. Drew Gooden's jumper with 10:43 left in the third pulled Milwaukee to 55-50. But Maxiell's reverse layup, Prince's jumper, a floater by Hamilton and a scoop shot by Ben Wallace gave the Pistons a 63-50 advantage with 7:51 remaining in the period. NOTES: Villanueva formerly played with the Bucks. ... Milwaukee general manager John Hammond was formerly Detroit's vice president of basketball operations. ... Detroit F Tracy McGrady left the game in the first half with soreness in his right leg and did not return. ... Milwaukee F Corey Maggette surpassed 12,000 points. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   