Zach Randolph leads Grizzlies past Wizards Posted Jan 29 2011 11:56PM MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP)  A routine double-double for Zach Randolph and a career scoring night for Darrell Arthur spelled yet another road loss for the Washington Wizards. Randolph had 24 points and 20 rebounds, Arthur added 22 points and the Memphis Grizzlies kept Washington winless on the road this season with a 107-93 victory Saturday night. "Darrell was great," said Randolph, who had his 14th straight double-double. "He works hard inside-out. His upside is great. He was just being aggressive, hitting his shot. Darrell can shoot the ball real good, and he was hitting his shot." Arthur, 9 of 11 from the field, topped his previous career high of 19 in the season-opening game against Atlanta. "I feel like I was in a zone tonight," Arthur said. "Once you get some easy baskets and get a couple of dunks, you really get into the game. I made a couple of shots, so I felt like I couldn't miss for a minute." Mike Conley and Tony Allen added 15 points each, Conley also had 12 assists, and Marc Gasol scored 14 points to help Memphis improve to 5-1 in its last six games. John Wall led the Wizards with 14 points and eight assists. Al Thornton, Trevor Booker and Cartier Martin each finished with 12 points, with all of Martin's coming in the fourth period. The loss was the fourth straight for the Wizards, and left them 0-23 on the road. "We don't stay consistent," Wizards guard Nick Young said. "We need to play calm. It's crazy." Memphis dominated the inside, outscoring Washington 68-36 in the paint and controlling the boards 44-35, including 14 on the offensive glass. The victory moved Memphis to .500 (24-24), the first time the Grizzlies have reached the plateau since the eighth game of the season. "A win feels the same as all the others, but it's nice to be back at .500," said Memphis coach Lionel Hollins, who tied Mike Fratello as the winningest coaches in franchise history with 95 victories. "We've been scratching and clawing, stuttering and starting." Both teams were coming off tough games Friday night. The Grizzlies came from 21 down in the third quarter to beat the 76ers in Philadelphia. Meanwhile, Washington went to double overtime before eventually losing at Oklahoma City. Rashard Lewis, Young and Wall each played more than 50 minutes in the loss. The Wizards also were without their leading rebounder, center JaVale McGee, who was out with the flu. Mustafa Shakur, the rookie out of Arizona, also missed the game after injuring his ankle and knee against Oklahoma City. Young then left the game in the fourth quarter with a calf injury. "We felt good about (Friday) night, and we just didn't carry it over," Wizards coach Flip Saunders said. "We had some guys who did, but when you are missing guys, and you are not at full strength, you can't have a couple of guys play. We are not talented enough to do that." Memphis carried a 59-50 advantage into the break as Arthur had 17 points, missing only one of his eight shots. Randolph already had 12 points and nine rebounds for Memphis. "From the start of the game, we didn't have the same intensity," guard Kirk Hinrich (nine points, three assists) said. "We were getting hurt in transition. We just weren't sharp, especially on the defensive end." Memphis maintained its lead in the third quarter as the Grizzlies started controlling the boards, particularly on the offensive end with Randolph. Memphis stretched the lead to 21 with a 17-2 run late in the quarter and the margin was 86-67 entering the fourth. By that point, Arthur had already surpassed his career high, with 22 points. Washington made a dent in the lead in the early stages of the fourth as Martin hit consecutive baskets. And the Wizards were scrapping more on defense as well. But Washington could get no closer than 12 down the stretch, and the Wizards dropped their sixth straight in Memphis. "I think that's what's making us go out there and play this way," said Young, Washington's leading scorer at 17.2, who was held to eight points. "Everyone feels like they can change the game, be a game-changer. We've just got to stay consistent with what we're running." NOTES: Memphis guard O.J. Mayo said before the game that he believes substances in an energy drink caused him to test positive for dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), leading to his 10-game suspension. Wizards F Rashard Lewis was given a similar suspension in 2009 when he was with the Orlando Magic, also for use of DHEA. The Wizards have not won in Memphis since Nov. 3, 2004, the first regular-season game in the FedExForum. Grizzlies C Marc Gasol turned 26 on Saturday. In addition to recording his 14th consecutive double-double, a franchise record, Randolph had his ninth career 20-20 game. Booker's 12-point, 12-rebound performance marked the second double-double in as many nights. He had 21 points and 12 rebounds in the loss to Oklahoma City. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited