Magic outlast Warriors 102-94 for 2nd straight win By ANTONIO GONZALEZ Posted Dec 04 2012 2:04AM OAKLAND, Calif. (AP)  If this season for the Orlando Magic is about learning how to do things without Dwight Howard, finding motivation is no longer one of them. Glen Davis and Arron Afflalo scored 24 points apiece, and the Magic outlasted the Golden State Warriors 102-94 on Monday night for their second straight victory. A night after an emotional win against the former franchise center and his Los Angeles Lakers, Orlando outscored Golden State 33-25 in the fourth quarter to pull away. J.J. Redick had 10 of his 22 points in the final period and Nikola Vucevic finished with 14 points and 15 rebounds to help the Magic begin their five-game West Coast trip 2-0. "It was a great win for us. For the most part, I think we played as hard and with as much energy as we did (Sunday) night, which is saying a lot," Redick said. "(Sunday) night was an emotional night, (tonight's) a back-to-back, there was a natural tendency to let down, so it really says a lot about our group." Stephen Curry had 25 points and 11 assists and David Lee added 22 points and nine rebounds for the Warriors, who were going for their first four-game winning streak under coach Mark Jackson. Instead, they had their five-game home winning streak snapped as they head on the road for a season-long seven-game trip. "We looked like we were the team that played on a back-to-back," Lee said. "And they came out with more energy and beat us at all five positions." The laboring Magic managed to outhustle and outmuscle the well-rested Warriors when - and where - it mattered most. Orlando outscored Golden State 48-36 in the paint. The Magic grabbed 11 offensive rebounds and had 18 second-chance points. During the final surge, Redick made a short jumper and a 3-pointer to cap a 10-2 run that put the Magic ahead 82-74 early in the fourth. After Curry connected from beyond the arc, Davis' layup over Lee started a three-point play and an avalanche of Orlando offense. Vucevic's dunk highlighted the spurt and lifted the Magic to a 98-84 lead that put the game out of reach. Golden State has not won four straight since January 2011, when Keith Smart was still the coach. "Very impressed," new Magic coach Jacque Vaughn said. "That was the challenge that we had in front of us tonight, of not hanging our heads on (Sunday's) win but coming out focused and approaching this game as the next game on our road trip. Guys did an incredible job with the focus and aggression at the beginning of the game." The Magic made up for a sluggish start in a little more than a second. Vucevic converted a driving layup over Jarrett Jack to start a three-point play. With 1.8 seconds left in the first quarter, Afflalo deflected Carl Landry's inbounds pass to Davis, who made a 22-footer at the buzzer to put Orlando ahead 28-27. "They were coming off a big win last night, and they didn't sit on it," Jackson said. "They came here and won a ballgame. They didn't steal it. They won it. Now how are we going to respond?" The Warriors always seemed to be playing from behind - and it even worked sometimes. Harrison Barnes blocked Afflalo's layup from behind against the backboard. Klay Thompson dribbled upcourt and finished with a pull-up jumper to give Golden State a 56-55 lead about halfway through the third quarter. Redick scored seven points during an 8-0 run for the Magic before Thompson made a 3-pointer and Landry converted a three-point play to send the game to the fourth quarter tied 69-all. The Warriors went with a smaller lineup in the fourth, and the Magic shredded them. "The problem with staying small is then you start getting into junk defense and switches and maybe you lose your man," Redick said. "I think that actually helped us. They were always having to put someone small on Glen and that created a lot of problems, where we were able to get into some drive and kicks, guys hit some 3s. It opened things up for us." NOTES: The Warriors are 6-3 at home and 4-4 on the road. ... The Magic play at Utah on Wednesday night. Utah drafted Vaughn 27th overall out of Kansas in 1997.  ... The Warriors recalled F/C Jeremy Tyler from the Santa Cruz Warriors of the NBA Development League. Tyler had five points, six rebounds, one assist and one steal in 29 minutes of Santa Cruz's 95-79 victory at Reno on Sunday. --- Antonio Gonzalez can be reached at: www.twitter.com/agonzalezAP Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited