
 Warriors beat 76ers for third straight win Posted Dec 28 2010 2:12AM OAKLAND, Calif. (AP)  Monta Ellis' right ankle was hurting and his shot wasn't falling. That's normally trouble for Golden State. Instead of collapsing, Ellis' teammates picked up the scoring slack for one of the few times this season while the reigning Western Conference player of the week perfected his passing. Ellis had 22 points and a season-high 12 assists, David Lee added 21 points and 16 rebounds and Golden State won its third straight, beating the Philadelphia 76ers 110-95 on Monday night. "That's what good teams do, they fill in for one another," said Lee, who recorded his 12th double-double of the season. "(Ellis) was hurting a little bit today and with good reason. He's been logging a lot of minutes and he's been carrying a big load for us, so tonight I tried to be more aggressive offensively, Stef (Curry) hit some shots and Dorell had a good game." The Warriors made a season-high 15 3-pointers against the 76ers, getting five from Wright and four from Curry. Curry finished with 17 points, including seven straight during a decisive run in the fourth quarter when Golden State (12-18) pulled away. That extended the Warriors winning streak to three, their longest since winning three in a row in April 2009. "It was a shock to me when I heard that," Ellis said. "We're just playing great basketball right now, team basketball. Everybody's playing within their game and feeding into what coach wants us to do on the offensive and defensive end." Jrue Holiday had 23 points and 11 assists for Philadelphia (12-19) while Elton Brand had his eighth double-double in 13 games with 16 points and 16 rebounds. "Tonight was one of those games where we were a step slow," 76ers coach Doug Collins said. "When you're a step slow against a team like this, then you're chasing. When you're chasing, that's when they are getting those threes." Ellis, who averaging 39.7 points in his last three games, struggled with his shot most of the night. He missed seven of his first 11 attempts and didn't score in the fourth quarter until 23 seconds were left. That didn't seem to slow the Warriors down much. Golden State made its best run of the game to open the fourth quarter with Ellis on the bench. Lee and Wright combined for 10 points and Curry, playing in foul trouble most of the game, added a 3-pointer to give the Warriors a 94-80 lead. After Ellis returned, Curry made two free throws and added another 3 to make it 101-85. Ellis finished 8 of 19 from the floor. The 12 assists are one shy of his career high. "Everybody was keying in on me and I just had to find the open guy," Ellis said. "I didn't have a good shooting night so I said, what the heck, let's get everybody else involved." Before winning three in a row, the Warriors had dropped 14 of 16. It helped playing a team that came into the game short-handed. The 76ers played without forward Andre Iguodala who was a late scratch due to recurring tendinitis in his right Achilles. It's the same injury that ended Iguodala's streak of 252 consecutive games played and forced him to miss five games in November. That further depleted Philadelphia's already thin bench. Jason Kapono sat out the game after injuring a calf muscle while practicing in Denver. Guard Lou Williams remained in Philadelphia for the birth of his daughter while assistant coach Brian James also missed the game in Golden State after the death of his father. "We were just so undermanned," Collins said. "We just didn't have enough juice. They played great and shot the ball well." Philadelphia, playing its fifth game on an eight-game road trip, outrebounded the Warriors 54-44 but was just 4 of 17 on 3-pointers and had 17 turnovers. Notes: Ellis has had seven or more assists in four straight games for the first time in his career. ... Both Williams and James are expected to rejoin the team Friday in Los Angeles when the 76ers play the Lakers. ... The Warriors planned to send G Jeremy Lin to the NBA's Development League after the game. ... Philadelphia is 0-11 when allowing opponents to score 100 points or more. ... Golden State has had 30 or more assists in back-to-back games for the first time since 2007. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   