Anderson helps Hornets top Grizzlies 91-83 By CLAY BAILEY Posted Jan 27 2013 10:38PM MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP)  New Orleans reserve Ryan Anderson is quite the matchup problem. Memphis' scouting report on the 6-foot-10 forward said to treat him like a shooting guard. The Grizzlies had the right approach, but they still couldn't stop him. Anderson scored 22 points, connecting on seven 3-pointers, and New Orleans beat Memphis 91-83 on Sunday. Anderson was 7 of 13 from the field, all of his attempts coming from outside the arc. He capped a late Hornets surge with a big shot that helped secure the win. "He was huge for us," said point guard Greivis Vasquez, who finished with 11 assists. "This man is an underrated shooter. People don't give him enough credit. This guy can shoot." Fellow reserve Jason Smith was 5 of 7 from the field for 16 points, and Anthony Davis was the only New Orleans starter to finish in double figures with 10 points. Zach Randolph led Memphis with 20 points and 13 rebounds for his league-leading 28th double-double. Marc Gasol had 14 points and 11 boards, and Jerryd Bayless also scored 14. Rudy Gay had 10 points, but was 3 for 17 from the field, including a 1-for-7 performance from long range. "Just taking too many jump shots," Memphis coach Lionel Hollins said of Gay's off night. "Wasn't just him, but in the first quarter when he had the chance, we just took a lot of jump shots. Took a lot of jump shots, and we stopped making them." New Orleans put the game away by outscoring Memphis 27-15 in the fourth quarter, and coach Monty Williams said it was a tough defensive approach and the ability of guys to make shots in key situations that made a difference. "We don't have enough offensive firepower to go out and try to outscore teams," Williams said. "We have to play a game that is relatively ugly at times. Certain guys have to step up and make shots when certain shots are presented to them according to the flow of the offense." The Grizzlies, who had won two in a row, played most of the game without starting point guard Mike Conley, who turned his ankle in the first quarter and did not return. Conley's left foot was in a boot after the game. He said the pain was more bone than ankle, but X-rays were negative, and he said he will see about playing at Philadelphia on Monday. Neither team shot particularly well. The Hornets finished at 43 percent, dragged down by Vasquez's 2-for-16 night. "I shot the ball terrible," Vasquez said, "but it feels good to win the way we did. Guys like Jason played great. Guys like Ryan ... as a point guard, you are happy about that. It gives you more confidence that you can give those guys the ball, and you can run the offense more smooth." Gasol was 5 for 14 for Memphis, which shot 36 percent. Gay missed 10 of 11 shots in the second half, including all four in the final quarter. The game was close until New Orleans pulled away in the final 5 minutes. There were 17 lead changes and 16 ties. "It was a domino effect," Gasol said. "We got down a couple of times because we couldn't execute and weren't running our stuff, and they were executing. Every time they looked for something, they found it. "They hit some big shots at the end, and they pulled away." Through three quarters, both teams were shooting just above 40 percent, but Memphis held a 68-64 lead. Davis had eight points in the third, hitting all four shots from the field. Anderson hit two big 3-pointers early in the fourth, and the Hornets put together a 9-0 run to take an 86-76 lead. Smith made two jumpers during the decisive stretch, and Anderson finished it off with a 3. New Orleans cruised from there. "Obviously, making shots was huge for us to kind of eliminate a run for them," Anderson said. "At the same time, I was more focused on getting stops on the defensive end. I think my team did a great job of finding me, and I just took the shots I normally take when I'm open." NOTES: Vasquez, who started his career with the Grizzlies, was 1 for 12 from the field in the first three quarters. His second field goal and ensuing free throw extended New Orleans' lead to 89-78. ... While Conley is day to day, Hollins said he expects the point guard to play at Philadelphia. ... Anderson's seven 3-pointers were one short of his career high. It also was the most 3-pointers by a Grizzlies opponent since Toney Douglas made nine for the New York Knicks on March 17, 2010. ... The Hornets are 3-10 on the road against the Western Conference. ... The Hornets are 2-11 when trailing entering the fourth quarter. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited