Magic rally late in 4th, beat Bucks 113-103 in OT By KYLE HIGHTOWER Posted Apr 10 2013 11:06PM ORLANDO, Fla. (AP)  Don't tell the Orlando Magic they don't have anything to play for at this point in the season. Lottery bound or not, for one night at least, Orlando's youngest guns showed why the present may not be as bleak as it has seemed in recent months. Nik Vucevic had a career-high 30 points and 20 rebounds, Tobias Harris added 30 points and 19 rebounds, and the Magic rallied for a 113-103 overtime victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night. The Magic overcame a five-point deficit in the final minute of regulation, sending it to OT on a 3-pointer by Harris with 1.9 seconds left. Vucevic and Harris then combined for nine points in the extra period to help Orlando snap a five-game losing streak. "I feel great. I've felt good in the games where we've come close and lost also," Harris said. "To play a game like that tonight and close it out and just focus and buy in to the defensive end was a good feeling for us." Monta Ellis led the Bucks with 21 points, and John Henson and Mike Dunleavy each added 17. Henson also had career bests with 25 rebounds and seven blocks for Milwaukee, which lost its 14th straight game in Orlando. The bigger blow for the Bucks was injuries to two starters. Brandon Jennings left in the first half with a sore left Achilles tendon and didn't return. Larry Sanders also didn't play in the second half after taking a hard fall. Their status is day-to-day. The Magic came out hot in the extra period and took a 106-99 lead after a corner 3-pointer and layup by Deron Lamb. Milwaukee went cold in the five-minute period, while Orlando kept rolling and used a three-point play by Vucevic with less than 31 seconds left to put the game away. "It's disappointing, but we fought," Henson said. "We were depleted. So it was a tough game for us. But we played hard." Bucks reserve guard J.J. Redick, who was dealt by the Magic to Milwaukee at the trade deadline, received a standing ovation from fans during a video tribute to him in the first half. It was one of the few early highlights for Redick and Milwaukee as it struggled to replace the offense of its two starters. The Bucks battled back in the third quarter to take their first lead since the opening minutes, but still trailed by four entering the fourth. They kept coming and took an 80-79 lead on a layup by Marquis Daniels with just over 6 minutes to play. Milwaukee's lead was 93-90 with 25.9 seconds remaining after a goaltending call on Henson, which stood after a video review by the referees. Ellis was fouled with 19 seconds left, connecting on only one of his two free throw attempts. The Magic cut it to a basket and put Ellis back on the line. He again connected on only one of his free throws, setting up Orlando's final possession with 9.3 seconds left on the clock. Harris drove to the top of the key and got his 3 to roll in as he was hit by Daniels. But his ensuing free-throw rolled off the rim. Milwaukee got the rebound, but failed to get off a shot with just 0.5 left. Magic coach Jacque Vaughn said he wasn't worried about Harris losing confidence after the missed free throw. "I told him that they earned the right to get to overtime and don't waste the opportunity," Vaughn said. "Overall, guys locked in." But even before Jennings and Sanders went out, the Magic were having their way as they build as a 14-point lead. Vucevic scored on several easy touches inside, while Harris found the basket with his jumper and in the paint where Orlando held an eight-point scoring advantage. The Bucks closed the gap, though, with an 11-4 run to end the half. Bucks coach Jim Boylan said despite the loss he likes the toughness his team showed after Jennings and Sanders went out. "We've still got some games left this season," Boylan said. "We're still going to keep at it. The effort tonight was good. Our guys played really, really hard. As long as we do that good things will happen for us." Notes: According to Elias Sports Bureau, the last time two NBA teammates had at least 30 points and 19 rebounds in the same game was Willis Reed (31 points, 21 rebounds) and Walt Bellamy (32 points, 22 rebounds) for the New York Knicks on March 15, 1967. ... The Magic improved to 1-3 in overtime games this season. ... Bucks F Ersan Ilyasova sat out with an illness. ... Redick said that though Milwaukee has previously expressed an interest in signing him to a new contract after his current one expires this summer, no in-depth conversations have happened yet. "I don't know what the decision is gonna be. Hopefully I have one offer," he said. "There may be one offer, there may be four. You weigh everything, you figure out what's most important. I think for any player sometimes, if the money is so different between offers that you go with the money and you secure yourself and your family's financial future. But there's other factors in play for sure." --- Follow Kyle Hightower on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/khightower Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited