Iguodala beats Hawks with 3 at the buzzer By GEORGE HENRY Posted Jan 04 2014 1:04AM ATLANTA (AP)  Andre Iguodala was delighted to help Golden State sneak out of Atlanta with a last-second victory over the Hawks on Friday night. Iguodala hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer, David Lee scored 23 points and the Warriors won their eighth straight game with a 101-100 victory over the Hawks. "Every part of that play worked because everybody ran like they were going to get the ball," Iguodala said. "The defense had to stay honest and pick their poison." Stephen Curry added 22 points with nine assists and Klay Thompson had 21 points for Golden State, which recovered from a 15-point deficit in the fourth quarter to get back in the game and extend its road winning streak to five straight. Pero Antic finished with a career-high 16 points and Shelvin Mack had 15 for the Hawks. Atlanta had won three of four and six of eight. Iguodala was inbounding the ball with 2.8 seconds left near the Hawks' bench and had 6-foot-11 center Antic defending him when he passed the ball to Curry near the halfcourt line. Mack was guarding Curry closely enough that Iguodala moved a few feet inside and was open when Antic moved up to help Mack close space on Curry. Iguodala took Curry's bounce pass, squared up and hit the game-winner as Jeff Teague made a frantic attempt to disrupt the shot. "We defended the initial action pretty well," Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said. "Steph Curry demands a lot of attention. We got the ball out of his hands, and then they made a tough shot. It's a credit to Iguodala, a credit to Curry for making the pass." The Warriors were just 6 for 27 on 3-point attempts, including a 1 for 7 night from Curry that was a far cry from his previous performance. In a stirring 123-114 victory at two-time defending NBA champion Miami on Thursday, Golden State matched a season high by hitting 15 3s, including eight from Curry, its top playmaker. Golden State called timeout after Iguodala grabbed Paul Millsap's missed jumper with 2.8 seconds remaining, and coach Mark Jackson drew up the options for a winning play. "I was a decoy at first and then it became my play once we didn't have our first option," Curry said. "Once I got the ball in my hands, they jumped off (Iguodala) and he jumped in. A clutch, clutch, clutch shot by him." Antic said it was his decision, not Budenholzer's plan, for him to double-team Curry. "Even if I score 16 points, a career high, at the end I make a mistake," Antic said. "We lose the game, so I feel bad." Teague finished with 14 points and seven assists while Millsap had 12 points and 11 rebounds for Atlanta. Curry hit his lone 3 with 5:05 remaining, cutting the lead to 93-87, but committed turnovers on three of Golden State's next four possessions and was upset enough to throw his mouthpiece away in frustration on the Atlanta baseline after getting called for a discontinued dribble. Even so, the Warriors kept the pace frantic with tight defense to fuel their fast break and go on a 20-4 run that ended with 2:21 remaining on Curry's runner. Golden State led 96-95. "We had been bad for the majority of the night," Jackson said. "Stepped up the defense, stepped up the offense, began to make plays. We made multiple-effort plays on the defensive end. This is an incredible win for us, especially the way things had been going." Notes: Golden State's last eight-game winning streak was March 25-April 8, 2005. ... Hawks G Kyle Korver extended his NBA record with a 3 in his 102nd straight game. ... DeMarre Carroll missed the past two games with a sprained right thumb, but returned to Atlanta's starting lineup to finish with 12 points. ... After beginning their road trip 4-0, the Warriors will visit Washington on Sunday and finish up next week at Milwaukee and Brooklyn. ... Atlanta has lost four straight to the Warriors. ... Golden State C Andrew Bogut had six points and nine rebounds despite playing with a strained right calf that forced him to leave the Miami win in the second half and not return. Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited