Green's 3 lifts Celtics to 111-110 win over Heat Posted Nov 10 2013 12:24AM MIAMI (AP)  Jeff Green found the only possible spot in the littlest possible time to stun the Miami Heat. Green hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to lift the Boston Celtics to a 111-110 victory over the Heat on Saturday night. "I have confidence in every shot I have," Green said. "When it left, I had a good feeling it would go in. It went in." Gerald Wallace's pass from next to the Heat's bench found Green on the far right corner, where he unleashed a shot over the outstretched hands of LeBron James. The shot was confirmed after a video review, giving the Celtics their third consecutive win. "I'm glad we still had time left on the clock," Boston coach Brad Stevens said. "It is proof that in this game if you score quickly, you are going to have a chance to at least shoot the ball if the other team misses free throws. "It was a great play by Jeff Green, but it is fortunate to even get a shot off in that moment." Wallace hit a layup with 1.6 seconds remaining to get Boston within 110-108 and he fouled Dwyane Wade with 0.6 seconds remaining. Wade missed the first free throw and deliberately bounced the second off the backboard. His shot failed to hit the rim and no time went off the clock, allowing Boston to call a time out and set up an inbounds play. "I was trying to hit the rim, down a little bit," said Wade, who admitted deliberately missing the shot was his call. "It didn't go where it was supposed to go." Green finished with 24 points and was 5 of 8 on 3-pointers. Avery Bradley scored 17 points and Jordan Crawford added 15 for the Celtics (3-4). When the Celtics came out of the time out, the play was set up to tie the game, but Green had other ideas. "It was for a two, but I told Gerald I wanted to shoot the 3 to try to win it," Green said. "Gerald made a great pass at the end, and he got the 2-pointer which gave us the opportunity to be in this position. "Our team made great plays down the stretch, and that is what it takes to win games." Down 110-108, the Celtics had a chance to tie or take the lead, but Kelly Olynyk missed a bank shot with 6.9 seconds remaining. James grabbed the rebound, dribbled toward the Heat end and was fouled by Olynyk. James, who was questionable for the game because of ongoing back discomfort, converted two free throws with 3.6 seconds remaining to give the Heat 110-106 lead. "I'm not 100 percent; my back is not where I want it to be," James said. "But I could still be effective. I thought I was tonight. I just didn't make enough plays to help us win." James led Miami (4-3) with 25 points and 10 assists. Chris Bosh had 20 points and Wade finished with 18. NOTES: Bosh shot 7 of 12 from the field and has shot at least 50 percent in all six games he's played this season. ... The Celtics completed the first half of a road-heavy, back-to-back stretch. Friday's game against Portland is Boston's only home game of its first eight back-to-back sets this season. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited