Ellis has 30 in Warriors' 108-87 win over Blazers By ANNE M. PETERSON Posted Apr 06 2011 1:43AM PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  There were no smiles of accomplishment in the Trail Blazers' locker room on Tuesday night. Yes, the Blazers clinched a playoff spot. But they also got thumped 108-87 by the Golden State Warriors - and at home of all places. "We didn't play well at all," guard Brandon Roy said succinctly. Portland secured a postseason berth just before the half when the Houston Rockets lost 104-101 to Sacramento. Even with the loss to Golden State, the Blazers still sit in the sixth spot in the Western Conference. But they're only a half-game ahead of New Orleans and only a game in front of Memphis. It will be Portland's third straight trip to the postseason. Last year the Blazers were eliminated in the first round by the Phoenix Suns, and the year before they were bumped in the opening round by the Rockets. "It's good to clinch, but that's something that probably won't sink in until tomorrow," Roy said. David Lee had 29 points and a season-high 20 rebounds for the Warriors, who led by as many as 26 points in the second half. Monta Ellis had 30 points and Stephen Curry finished with 28. "That wasn't our thing to spoil someone else's stuff, but just to continue to get better as a team," Lee said about tempering Portland's celebration. "It doesn't matter that Portland lost, just that we were able to get the victory." The Warriors were previously eliminated from playoff contention. Golden State has not been to the postseason since the 2006-07 season. Echoing Lee's sentiments, Warriors head coach Keith Smart said his team may have been happy to play a spoiler's role in the past, but not anymore. "We're looking for something bigger now. We're trying to do something bigger," Smart said. "We're trying to establish a way of how we play, an identity of how we want our team to move forward, and that's what those young men are doing." LaMarcus Aldridge had 17 points and 12 rebounds for the Blazers, who saw their eight-game winning streak at the Rose Garden end. Ellis hit a fadeaway jumper for the Warriors as time ran out in the first quarter to tie it at 19, before Aldridge hit a 19-foot jumper for the Blazers to tie it at 47 at the break. The first half had 14 ties and 14 lead changes. Ellis gave the Warriors a 72-65 lead with a 3-pointer with 4:48 left in the third quarter. He added another one a short time later that made it 75-66. Golden State scored 37 points in the quarter on 80 percent shooting. The Warriors extended the lead to 92-72 on Lee's 21-foot jumper with 8:03 left. Both teams pulled out their starters down the stretch. "You never want to throw away games," Blazers guard Andre Miller said, shaking his head. "They knew that and they're not going to the playoffs." The Blazers had a scary moment late in the first quarter when Marcus Camby stumbled awkwardly over Lee and tumbled with Lou Amundson under the basket. Fans chanted "Mar-cus Cam-by" while the 6-foot-11 forward was seen to by trainers. He was eventually helped off the court and headed for the locker room. The team said Camby sustained a neck strain and was questionable to return, although he did not. Afterward Miller said he didn't think the injury was too serious. "He just took a bump to the head. He'll be all right. Probably got a little headache, but he'll be all right." Notes: Andris Biedrins has missed 10 games for the Warriors with a sprained left ankle. ... The Blazers and the Warriors split the first two games of the series this season, with each holding home court. ... Harlem Globetrotters great Meadowlark Lemon was at the game, as was St. Louis Rams running back Steven Jackson, who went to Oregon State. ... Ellis averaged 32.5 points against the Blazers in the first two meetings this season. ... Golden State's 37 third-quarter points tied a season high. The Warriors also had 37 in the third against Houston on Oct. 27. It was the most points the Blazers have given up in the third this season. ... Miller needs two more assists to become the 14th NBA player to reach 7,000. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited