DeRozan scores 25 points as Raptors beat Warriors Posted Mar 04 2012 9:42PM TORONTO (AP)  Whatever Golden State coach Mark Jackson has been telling his team at halftime, it's not working. DeMar DeRozan scored 25 points, James Johnson had 12 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Toronto Raptors rallied to beat Golden State 83-75 on Sunday, snapping a five-game losing streak against the Warriors. Golden State scored just 11 points in the third quarter, watching a 47-38 lead become a 60-58 deficit. "We were up (nine)," Warriors guard Monta Ellis said. "To give this game away is terrible." A frustrated Jackson certainly thought so. "This one stings," he said. After scoring a meager 36 points in the second half of Friday's 105-83 loss at Philadelphia, the Warriors were even worse after the break in this one, scoring just 28 points and making only 11 of 40 field-goal attempts. "It hurts really bad," rookie Klay Thompson said. "This was a very winnable game, a team that we thought we were better than." Golden State has failed to score more than 18 third-quarter points in losing three of its past four. "That's four games in a row where we've had bad third quarters," Jackson said. "We knew that coming into this one. We talked about it at halftime. Once again, we were thoroughly outplayed. We didn't execute offensively, we gave them hope and forced us to try and win the game a second time instead of putting them away when we should have. A bad loss." While Jackson was urging his team to avoid another second half swoon, Raptors coach Dwane Casey was issuing his team a challenge. "I told them the game is about frustration," Casey said. "It's how we fight through this. Feeling sorry for ourselves, fatigue, it's not that important. What's important is how we approach our job as NBA players. They came out and really faced the challenge." Amir Johnson had 11 points and 13 rebounds, Leandro Barbosa scored 18 points and Ed Davis grabbed 12 rebounds for the Raptors, who had lost 11 of their last 14. David Lee had 22 points and 12 rebounds, and Ellis scored 20 points, but Golden State lost for the sixth time in nine games. "For whatever reason, we're just not shooting the ball well as a team right now," Lee said. "We settled for a lot of jumpshots in the third quarter tonight, myself included." Golden State made just four of 19 3-point attempts, shot 29 for 80 overall and missed six of 19 free throw attempts. Ten of Golden State's 14 turnovers came in the second half, and they allowed 18 points on giveaways. The Warriors also scored just one fast-break point. "We should be running off our stops and we should be taking care of the basketball," Jackson said. "We did none of that." The Warriors came in averaging 120.2 points in their previous five meetings with Toronto, their longest active winning streak against any opponent. Lee tied it at 62 on a dunk with 9:59 left, but failed to complete the three-point play. Toronto answered with a 7-0 run to take a 69-62 lead with 8:32 to go. Golden State trailed 75-71 with just over two minutes left when Amir Johnson fell down clutching his right knee, allowing Nate Robinson to come up with the steal. With Johnson still on the floor, Robinson drove in for a layup but missed. Johnson stayed down as Barbosa drained a 3 from the corner, putting Toronto up 78-71 with 1:55 remaining. Toronto missed its first six field-goal attempts, but shot 7 for 14 the rest of the first quarter to avoid falling too far behind. Golden State's shooting was just as poor: The Warriors made only eight of 22 attempts in the first, but eight points from Lee gave Golden State a 20-18 lead after one. Lee scored eight more in the second, while Rush and Robinson came off the bench to score six points each as Golden State took a 47-38 lead into the half. Lee scored just two points in the third and the Warriors made just five of 23 field-goal attempts as the Raptors roared back. Barbosa's jump shot tied it at 58 with 58 seconds left in the quarter and, after a steal by Ed Davis, Jerryd Bayless fed DeRozan for a go-ahead alley-oop. Notes: Warriors C Andris Biedrins, who came in scoreless in his past three games, was replaced in the starting lineup by Ekpe Udoh. Biedrins was scoreless again in this one, missing both shots he took in six minutes of action. ... Golden State G Stephen Curry (strained tendon in his right foot) dressed but did not play. Curry has played just 3 seconds in the past four games. ... Golden State came in having won 10 of 12 meetings with Toronto dating to the 2005-06 season. ... Lee's double-double was his 19th of the season. ... Jackson played 54 games for Toronto in the 2000-01 season. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited