Mavs rout Kings 99-60 for fifth straight win Posted Jan 15 2012 12:38AM DALLAS (AP)  The Dallas Mavericks were able to rest their regulars in the fourth quarter thanks to a record defensive effort. Jason Terry scored 21 points, Vince Carter added 16 and the Mavericks stretched their winning streak to five games with a 99-60 rout of the Sacramento Kings on Saturday night. The Kings went 22 for 86 from the field (25.6 percent) against a Mavericks team that allowed the fewest points in franchise history. Dallas' previous low was 65 points against Minnesota on Feb. 27, 2007. "(The Kings) had some struggles. Their shot-making wasn't great, but I thought we had something to do with that," Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle said. "We're placing emphasis on energy, defense and rebounding. The guys are responding." Dirk Nowitzki contributed 14 points in a little over 20 minutes for the reigning NBA champs (8-5), who've won six in a row at home after a 0-2 start. Both teams were playing their fourth game in five nights, but the Mavericks were fresher after resting their starters throughout the fourth quarter of Friday night's 102-76 victory over Milwaukee. Marcus Thornton scored 14 points for the Kings (4-9), who've dropped four of five, including Friday night's 103-89 defeat at Houston. Sacramento was making the fourth stop of a five-city road trip and struggled from the opening tip. "When you come into the league, what you want to do is make shots," Kings coach Keith Smart said. "When you're not making those, you get down. When you get a collection of players doing that, the team gets down." The Mavericks were again able to sit their key players in the final quarter in anticipation of a four-game road trip over six days that begins Monday night against the Los Angeles Lakers. "We're on an uptick right now and we've got to keep it going because the schedule is getting tougher this week," Carlisle said. Dallas put the game away early, finishing the first quarter with a 15-1 run keyed by Terry's eight points for a 27-11 lead. The Mavericks came out with energy on the defensive end, limiting the Kings to 4-for-25 first-quarter shooting. Improved defense helped Dallas' championship run last season, and increased attention to the defensive end has contributed heavily to the current streak. "It's all dictated on our defense," Terry said. "We want to play great defense and get stops." Dallas went on an 11-2 spurt early in the second quarter capped by Nowitzki's 14-foot bank shot with 7:39 left until halftime to push the advantage to 38-15. The Mavericks were in command at intermission, 52-23. The 23-point half was the lowest in Kings franchise history. The previous low was 25 points against the Boston Celtics on Feb. 26, 1957, when the Kings were based in Rochester, N.Y., and known as the Royals. Dallas also set a defensive record, allowing the fewest points in any half in franchise history, surpassing a 24-point half by Vancouver on March 13, 1999. The first-half defensive dominance meant the Mavericks had allowed 54 points during a span of four quarters. Sacramento's offense was a little more efficient in the third quarter, narrowing the deficit to as few as 21 points. But Dallas carried a 72-45 lead into the fourth quarter and went with subs the rest of the way. Tyreke Evans, who entered the night as the Kings' top scorer with an average of 18.8 points, finished with three points on 1-for-8 shooting. NOTES: Dallas G Jason Kidd (lower back) returned after sitting out four consecutive games. Kidd converted a layup on his first shot attempt, his first two-point field goal of the season. His first 12 baskets were 3-pointers. Kidd also had six steals, one short of his career high. ... Thornton started after missing three games with a bruised left thigh. ... Owner Mark Cuban said the Mavericks will receive their championship rings prior to the Jan. 25 home game against Minnesota. That will allow former Dallas and current Minnesota G J.J. Barea to participate. ... Sacramento C/F Chuck Hayes missed his fifth straight game with a dislocated left shoulder. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited