Warriors beat Magic 94-81 for 6th straight win Posted Dec 31 2013 9:02PM ORLANDO, Fla. (AP)  The Golden State Warriors have always been able to score. Now they are becoming a good defensive team. The Warriors used half-court defensive pressure to beat the Magic 94-81 on Tuesday night. "Defense is not something we're known for," said forward David Lee, who led the Warriors with 22 points. "Everyone looks at our team and the ability to shoot the ball and score, but we're a Top 10 defensive team too." The Warriors limited Orlando to 38 percent shooting and led by 12 early in the first quarter and 23 at halftime. They were so comfortable with their defense that when Orlando made it's only run of the game late in the third quarter, the reserves stayed on the floor and finished out the game. "That's the 14th time we've held a team under 40 percent so we've got to get some recognition as far as the way we defend," Golden State Coach Mark Jackson said. "We defended from the opening jump and were really locked in the whole night." The win was Golden State's sixth straight, the first time the Warriors have won that many in a row in six years. Klay Thompson scored 15 points, Kent Bazemore had 12 and Marreese Speights 10 for Golden State, which survived a rash of turnovers (17) to shoot 48.8 percent for the game. "It starts defensively when we get stops," said Stephen Curry, who had nine points, eight assists and five rebounds, but sat out the fourth quarter along with the rest of the Warriors starters. "That leads to better offensive possessions and it's fun. We're enjoying ourselves out there." It was anything but fun for the Magic, who were trying for a season-best third straight victory, but fell well short. Arron Afflalo led Orlando with 15 points, Jameer Nelson had 11 and Glen Davis 10, but the Magic got down early and never made a serious run the entire game. "There has to be accountability everywhere," Davis said. "That's what has to happen for us to be a team that people take seriously. The Magic lost their leading rebounder, center Nikola Vucevic, in the middle of the first quarter with a sprained ankle. That was part of the reason Golden State dominated the glass, outrebounding Orlando 56-37. "He's one of the best centers in the NBA, but he wasn't there so we can't sit and make excuses," said Tobias Harris, who led the team with nine rebounds. "That's the NBA. Somebody gets hurt, just keep playing. We're better than that and we know we're better than that." The Warriors used a 16-2 run in the middle of the first quarter to take a 22-10 lead and never let the advantage get under 10 the rest of the game. Sparked by Nelson's two 3-pointers, the Magic pulled to 74-59 at the end of the third quarter. Harris' layup to start the fourth quarter made it a 13-point game, but that was as close as Orlando could come. Golden State shut the Magic down early, trapping Orlando ballhandlers and making the Magic take many attempts late in the shot clock. Orlando shot 38.2 percent for the game. NOTES: Vucevic injured his left ankle in the first quarter after stepping on Andrew Bogut's foot. Vucevic injured the same ankle earlier this season and missed four games. ... Golden State last won six in a row in 2007. ... The Warriors are 5-1 against the East this season. ... The Magic have lost nine straight to West teams. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited