Durant, Thunder beat reeling Bobcats 99-81 By MIKE CRANSTON Posted Dec 21 2010 9:53PM CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP)  Kevin Durant scored 32 points and the Oklahoma City Thunder overcame a poor shooting night by dominating the fourth quarter in a 99-81 victory over the reeling Charlotte Bobcats on Tuesday night. The Thunder quickly erased a 69-68 deficit entering the final period with a 25-3 run full of dunks and transition buckets off Charlotte turnovers. The Bobcats missed their first 11 shots, threw the ball away five times and didn't get their first field goal of the quarter until 2:52 remained, producing sarcastic cheers. Durant hit 14-of-16 free throws and added seven rebounds. Russell Westbrook scored 15 points, James Harden added 13 and Jeff Green scored nine of his 12 points in the fourth, when the Thunder outscored Charlotte 31-12. Oklahoma City overcame 44 percent shooting by holding the Bobcats to 40 percent from the field. It was a much better defensive effort than in Sunday's 113-110 home loss to a depleted Phoenix team. Coach Scott Brooks said he "flushed it out" at practice Monday in which he said he did most of the talking. Bobcats coach Larry Brown's words don't seem to be working anymore. Stephen Jackson scored 20 points and Boris Diaw added 13 points, seven rebounds and eight assists for the Bobcats, who dropped their fourth straight as Brown continues to question their effort. With Charlotte coming off its third loss of 31 or more points in 10 days, general manager Rod Higgins said before the game he was "navigating the waters" about possible trades, but added nothing was imminent. Brown took aim at his players about two hours before tipoff. "If you don't play hard and you don't play together and you don't try to defend and rebound, you play like we play," he said. But while Brown said they needed a "personality change" instead of a lineup change, he did make some moves. Kwame Brown replaced Nazr Mohammed at center and Matt Carroll started in place of Dominic McGuire with Gerald Wallace missing his fourth straight game with a sprained left ankle. Then point guard D.J. Augustin picked up two quick fouls. That gave Shaun Livingston and Sherron Collins, called up from the NBA Development League earlier in the day, big minutes in the first half. The Bobcats lost Mohammed to a strained left hamstring in the third quarter, but were in the game until a nightmare final period. After Jackson's three-point play to end the third, the Bobcats disintegrated with a stagnant offense and multiple mistakes. Charlotte hit 4-of-16 shots as Brown couldn't find a combination that worked. Even with the Thunder again without center Nenad Krstic (back), they enjoyed a 44-32 edge on the glass and took 10 more free throws. Notes: Westbrook drew gasps with his one-handed stab of Collins' bullet pass at midcourt before feeding Durant for a dunk in the second quarter. ... The Thunder were hopeful Krstic would be able to play, but Brooks said his back stiffened up after Tuesday's workout. He was seen getting his lower back iced after shootaround. "There's no pressure on him to return," Brooks said. ... Bobcats owner Michael Jordan wasn't in his courtside seat. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited