
 Raptors net their season high, top Wizards 127-108 Posted Dec 01 2010 11:20PM TORONTO(AP) Wizards coach Flip Saunders was embarrassed. Kirk Hinrich was disappointed. Washington rookie John Wall compared it to a video game. It was that kind of night for the Toronto Raptors. DeMar DeRozan scored 20 points, Andrea Bargnani and Sonny Weems had 18 apiece and Toronto set a season high for points, beating the Washington Wizards 127-108 on Wednesday. "Just an embarrassing effort," Saunders said. "There's always ways you can make excuses, being on the road, long trip, playing every other day in different cities but that's what this league is about. It's just very disappointing." Leandro Barbosa and Jerryd Bayless each scored 16 for Toronto. For Bayless, it was a season high. "Everybody was on tonight, hitting jump shots and getting to the basket," DeRozan said. Jose Calderon had 11 points and eight assists as Toronto led by as many as 27 and avenged a 109-94 loss at Washington on Nov. 16. The Raptors shot 51 for 88 (58 percent), their highest percentage of the season. "That's a video game stat," Wall said of Toronto's lofty shooting percentage. "That's like somebody who studied a video game so much that he knows exactly when to shoot and get any shot he wants. That's how they basically felt, they could get any shot at any time. They were getting dunk after dunk, layup after layups or foul after foul." JaVale McGee scored 21 points for the Wizards, who have lost four straight and fell to 0-9 on the road. The Los Angeles Clippers (0-8) are the NBA's only other team without a road win. This is the most consecutive road losses to begin a season in Wizards history. "It's disappointing," Hinrich said. "We're very frustrated right now with our inability to go out there and perform and put forth a winning effort." Wall returned from a two-game injury absence to score 19 points, Andray Blatche had 17 and Hinrich 15 for Washington. Saunders said his team was flat at the morning shootaround and didn't get much better by game time, a sentiment shared by Blatche. "We didn't come with the right mindset," he said. "Even at shootaround we were too lackadaisical. We didn't come out here to handle business and it showed on the court." Raptors rookie Ed Davis made his season debut, collecting 11 points, six rebounds and two blocked shots in 24 minutes. Toronto's first-round pick last June, Davis injured his right knee before training camp and had surgery in September. He played with a heavy black brace on his leg. "A little nervous at first but after I got down the court a couple of times the jitters wore off," Davis said. Raptors coach Jay Triano said he was pleased with Davis' effort. "He's got that look about him where it doesn't look like he's giving you (much), but then all of a sudden he's at the rim blocking shots," Triano said. The Raptors led 34-25 after 12 minutes, then opened the second with a 8-2 run, forcing Saunders to call timeout with 10:19 left in the half. Toronto kept pulling away and kept up its hot shooting, too. After a 15-for-24 showing in the first quarter, the Raptors went 17 for 24 in the second, and led 72-52 at the half. DeRozan scored eight points in the third as Toronto took a 101-81 lead into the final quarter. NOTES: Toronto's previous best was 110 points in a Nov. 12 victory at Orlando. The franchise high is 131 points, set last April 14 in a victory over the New York Knicks. ... Washington's Al Thornton returned after missing three games with a sore left ankle. ... Wizards center Hilton Armstrong sat out the game while serving a one-game suspension. Armstrong was called for a flagrant foul and ejected after shoving Joel Anthony in the third quarter of Monday's 105-94 loss at Miami. ... Toronto's Reggie Evans had surgery to repair a broken right foot and is expected to miss eight weeks. Amir Johnson made his second start of the season in Evans' place. ... Peja Stojakovic (left knee) missed his second straight game for the Raptors. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   