Spurs beat Warriors 95-88 behind Duncan Posted Jan 19 2013 1:04AM SAN ANTONIO (AP)  It's been 16 years since the Warriors won in San Antonio. That means Tim Duncan has been a winner in every home game he's ever played against Golden State, and he wasn't about to let that change Friday night. Duncan had 24 points and 10 rebounds, and the Spurs held off Golden State 95-88 on Friday night to extend their home winning streak to 14 games. The Warriors have lost 28 straight games in San Antonio, the longest current road drought for one NBA team against another. "Don't say that. Why do you say that?" Spurs guard Tony Parker said, joking about jinxing the streak. "We don't really pay attention to those stats because every year is different, every team is different. Golden State is for real. They are a really, really good team. It's going to be tough against them." The last time the Warriors won in San Antonio was 108-94 on Feb. 14, 1997. Four months later, the Spurs selected Duncan with the top pick in the NBA draft. Parker added 25 points and eight assists for San Antonio (31-11), an NBA-best 18-2 at home. Tiago Splitter added 19 points and nine rebounds, and Danny Green scored 13. "It was another tough game with playoff intensity," Parker said. "It was very physical and they are a very good team. They are playing very well and they played very hard tonight." David Lee had 22 points, Klay Thompson added 21 and Jarrett Jack 20 for Golden State (23-15). After winning their previous 13 home games by an average of 16 points, the Spurs needed a late surge to extend their streak. San Antonio closed the game on a 9-4 run after Harrison Barnes' jumper pulled Golden State to 86-84 with 5 minutes left. "They made some tough plays," Warriors coach Marc Jackson said. "They have a history of doing just that. I'm disappointed in the loss, but at the same time I really like the way my team got after it." The Spurs needed to finish strong after an uncharacteristic lack of execution for much of the game. After San Antonio failed to get a clean shot to close the first half, coach Gregg Popovich watched in dismay with his hands on his face as Jack dribbled the length of the court for a layup with 1.9 seconds left in the third. Popovich yelled at Green, among others, for failing to stop the dribble. "I think our defense kept us out of it in the beginning," Duncan said. "They were playing very well (and) shooting the ball really well. We weren't making the right rotations, we weren't contesting shots, but we cleaned it up a little bit. We found something that worked and that definitely took us over the top." Duncan had eight points in the final quarter, going 4 for 6 from the field. He also had 10 points and five rebounds in the opening period. Parker scored six of San Antonio's final nine points, hitting a pair of jumpers and a layup after missing his first two attempts of the quarter. "They did what they do best, and that's going to Duncan and Parker," Lee said. "And have their role players do what they do." Golden State led for all but 34 seconds in the first half. The teams combined to start the game 2 for 12 from the field. The Spurs' first basket came 3 minutes in on Duncan's 19-foot jumper. Golden State closed the first quarter on a 13-4 run but Gary Neal threw in a 3 at the buzzer to pull the Spurs to 26-19. Carl Landry had six points during the run. Landry continued his dominance in the second quarter, going 7 for 10 while scoring 15 points. He did not score in the second half. The Spurs had an opportunity to take the first-half lead, but Green missed a hurried 3-pointer after Splitter almost dribbled the final 3 seconds off. Popovich stormed onto the court, yelling at Splitter and Parker. The start of the second half was delayed 15 minutes while one rim was fixed because the top screws were loose. The Spurs tied the game at 58 midway through the third quarter when Stephen Jackson, Parker and Duncan quickly rotated the ball across the court to find an open Green for a 3. Duncan hit a pair of free throws on the following possession to give the Spurs a 60-58, their first since early in the first quarter. The Spurs went on an 18-11 run after Duncan's free throws to take their largest lead at 78-69 with 27.3 seconds left in the third. NOTES: Warriors C Andrew Bogut (ankle), G Stephen Curry (ankle) and G-F Brandon Rush all missed the game with injuries. ... Spurs G Manu Ginobili missed his second straight game and sixth of the season. ... Former Spurs G Pete Myers is an assistant coach with the Warriors. He averaged 4.7 points while playing 22 games for the Spurs in 1987-88 and eight in 1990-91. ... Parker has led the Spurs in scoring in 22 games, and 33 times in assists this season. ... The Spurs have swept the last four season series with the Warriors. ... Lee is the only player averaging 19 points, 10 rebounds and three assists per game this season. ... Thompson is the son of two-time NBA champion Mychal Thompson, who was traded by the Spurs to the Los Angeles Lakers midway through the 1987 season. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited