Anthony scores 35, Knicks beat Hawks 111-106 By BRIAN MAHONEY Posted Dec 14 2013 11:19PM NEW YORK (AP)  Turning around their fourth-quarter performance was a small step. Pablo Prigioni's goal is for the New York Knicks to turn around their whole season. "I believe we can change this situation (by) working hard every day and try to play 100 percent every possession, every day, and I don't know, keep going," Prigioni said. "We can't be sad because of what we did in the last 20 games. We have to look in front and just keep going." Carmelo Anthony scored 35 points, Andrea Bargnani added 23 and the Knicks beat the Atlanta Hawks 111-106 on Saturday night. Prigioni had a season-high 11 points and was a spark in the decisive 11-0 run midway through the final period as the Knicks finished strong one night after a fourth-quarter flop cost them in a loss at Boston. New York could have been looking at a three-game winning streak, but was outscored 22-13 in the final 12 minutes of its 90-86 loss to the Celtics. "We weren't stale tonight in the fourth quarter like we were last night," coach Mike Woodson said. "We played what, four games in five days, and it was kind of nice to see us bounce back like that." Lou Williams scored a season-high 27 points in his best game since returning from knee surgery, but the Hawks committed 27 turnovers - most in the NBA this season - that led to 36 points and negated their 60.6 percent shooting. "I think tonight was a night where the most aggressive team won. I think you give a lot of credit to the Knicks," Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said. "Defensively, they were creating a lot of turnovers, creating a lot of problems for us." Paul Millsap scored 18 but had nine turnovers and fouled out. Al Horford finished with 17 points. The Knicks wore their regular whites instead of the alternate orange uniforms they've been wearing for weekend home games. They're 0-6 in the orange, including a 110-90 loss to the Hawks at Madison Square Garden on Nov. 16, when they caused a color clash with Atlanta's red. New York's lead was just 87-83 before Anthony's 3-pointer with 6:26 remaining. Prigioni then hit one, followed that with a steal and a layup, and then fed Bargnani for another 3 that made it 98-83 with 5:11 to play. Starting for injured point guard Raymond Felton, Prigioni also had six assists and harassed the Hawks' ballhandlers into a number of mistakes. Kyle Korver scored 13 points, making four of Atlanta's six 3-pointers in the third quarter to extend his NBA record to 93 straight games with at least one. That helped the Hawks pull to 81-77, but they coughed it up seven times in the fourth. "We couldn't capitalize off of the mistakes they made," Horford said. "There were a few times we had a fast break in which we could have scored and we threw the ball away. I think that cost us the game. That kind of deflated us as a team." Still without injured starters Tyson Chandler and Felton, the Knicks also were missing Kenyon Martin, who has a strained left abdominal muscle. But they somewhat surprisingly had Amare Stoudemire, who said Friday he expected to be ordered to take the night off by the training staff in what was the team's fourth game in five days. Instead, Stoudemire - who was barred from playing on back-to-back nights earlier this season and had his minutes restricted coming off another knee surgery - said he felt great and wanted to play. And face it, the Knicks need all the help they can get. Woodson acknowledged that Stoudemire probably wouldn't have played if the Knicks were 15-5, but they're only 7-16. Stoudemire scored nine. Atlanta had a one-point lead with under 5 minutes left in the second quarter before Tim Hardaway Jr. made a 3-pointer and dunked, starting a 12-0 run that gave the Knicks a 52-41 advantage. J.R. Smith got the start for Martin after taking just one shot in the loss at Boston. Smith said after the game he was focusing on distributing to his teammates, an idea so out of character that Woodson had trouble keeping a straight face when asked about it Saturday. Smith took eight shots, but made only one and finished with two points. NOTES: Woodson said the medical staff was still evaluating Martin's injury, but he expects the forward to be out a little while. ... The Hawks were without Gustavo Ayon, who didn't travel because of a sprained left ankle. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited