Hawks recover from ugly loss, beat Bobcats 103-87 By MIKE CRANSTON Posted Jan 23 2011 12:03AM CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP)  Gerald Wallace saw the score of Atlanta's embarrassing loss and knew the athletic Hawks wouldn't repeat that miserable shooting performance a night later. Wallace just wasn't expecting that it would be he and teammate Stephen Jackson who ended up missing several shots. Behind Joe Johnson's 32 points, the undermanned but energized Hawks bounced back from that humiliating 41-point defeat with a convincing 103-87 victory over the poor-shooting and distracted Charlotte Bobcats on Saturday night. Josh Smith added 16 points for Atlanta, which managed 59 points at home against New Orleans a night earlier. "We knew this was going to happen, with shooters like that," Wallace said. "They had an awful night, they got beat by 40. We knew it wasn't going to be the same way tonight." Atlanta surpassed Friday night's point total midway through the third quarter when it took control despite playing without injured starters Al Horford (sprained right ankle) and Marvin Williams (back). Coach Larry Drew also suspended reserve Josh Powell for conduct detrimental to the team. "I thought our guys came out tonight, especially after last night's embarrassing loss, and played with a lot of pride," Drew said. D.J. Augustin scored 20 points for the Bobcats, who got little from Jackson and Wallace as their two-game winning streak was snapped. Wallace didn't get his first field goal until the fourth quarter, while Jackson spent the night missing shots and getting preoccupied with the officials. Jackson picked up another technical foul from Eli Roe, the referee who ejected him earlier this season which led to a one-game suspension. "I'm just going to keep my mouth closed because I don't want to get fined," Jackson said. Drew said before the game they "burned the tape" of the 100-59 home loss to New Orleans, but his players sure seemed to remember in a strange week that also included an impressive overtime win in Miami. Playing with energy and poise, the Hawks shot 51 percent from the field a night after shooting 29 percent with Johnson leading the way. After being held to nine points in the Hawks' lowest-scoring performance since moving to Atlanta 42 years ago, Johnson hit 12 of 18 shots and added five rebounds and five assists. "I feel like we all pretty much were embarrassed (Friday) night, just from start to finish, period," Johnson said. "Knowing that, we haven't been very successful here in Charlotte. We had to come with our A-game tonight because we didn't want to get embarrassed again. We did that." Mike Bibby added 14 points and eight rebounds and Jamal Crawford scored 14 points for Atlanta, which also shut down Charlotte's big players by sprinkling in a zone defense. Wallace missed his first six shots and was held to seven points on 2-of-9 shooting. Jackson scored 10 points on 3-of-14 shooting. It continued a trend for Jackson, who is shooting less than 30 percent (23 of 78) from the field in the past five games. With Wallace struggling, too, the Hawks stormed to a 74-63 lead on Johnson's deep 3-pointer late in the third quarter. Wallace didn't get his first field goal until it was 82-67 early in the fourth as Atlanta won for only the third time in 11 trips to Charlotte despite a thin bench. Drew wouldn't say what Powell did a night earlier, saying only it was a "coach's decision" and it would be a one-game suspension. He didn't make the trip. Drew also gave Zaza Pachulia his first start of the season ahead of Jason Collins at center a night after Collins was ejected in the third quarter for a vicious flagrant foul. The Bobcats proved to be no match in a sluggish performance a day after power forward Tyrus Thomas underwent knee surgery. Charlotte never got into an offensive flow in its 11th home loss, one more than all of last season. The Bobcats begin a six-game road trip Tuesday. "Obviously, this would have been a good win to go on the road trip with," said Jackson, "but other people had different ideas about it." Notes: Drew said the issue with Powell is resolved. "Once we get back to Atlanta it'll be business as usual," Drew said. "There will not be a lingering or carry-over effect." ... It was Atlanta's sixth straight road win. ... Drew said Horford could return for Atlanta's next game Wednesday at Milwaukee. ... Williams' return remained uncertain. ... It was Jackson's ninth technical foul of the season. ... Paul Silas said he doesn't expect the Bobcats to make any immediate moves to shore up the frontcourt depth. "As of right now we're going to leave it as is," he said. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited