Griffin leads Clippers in 123-87 blowout of Lakers By BETH HARRIS Posted Jan 11 2014 2:35AM LOS ANGELES (AP)  The Clippers' 13-point loss to the Lakers on opening night in October? Blake Griffin remembers it well, especially the 14 3-pointers and the 76 points the Lakers' bench hung on his team. Payback came Friday night, with Griffin getting 33 points and 12 rebounds in a 123-87 victory that was the Clippers' largest ever over the Lakers. "They just killed us," Lakers guard Nick Young said. Darren Collison had 20 points and seven assists, J.J. Redick added 19 points in his return, and DeAndre Jordan had 13 points and 10 rebounds in the Clippers' third straight win and fifth in six games. They improved to 17-3 at home, second-best in the NBA. "We got after it, especially on the defensive end," Collison said. "That helped us on the break." The Clippers' previous biggest win over the Lakers was 31 points on Feb. 19, 1992. That Lakers team included James Worthy, Byron Scott and A.C. Green. "Everybody knows the Lakers are going to come back strong," Collison said. "That's still a good team to me." Kendall Marshall scored 16 points, and Wesley Johnson and Robert Sacre added 14 points each for the Lakers, who have lost four straight and 10 of 11. Pau Gasol had 10 points, eight rebounds and five assists. The Lakers shot 34 percent and had 21 turnovers that led to 37 points by the Clippers. "It was a painful loss and somewhat embarrassing as a player," Gasol said. Both teams were missing their resident superstars: Chris Paul has a separated right shoulder and Kobe Bryant has a fractured left knee, his second major injury this season. "None of us can replace CP," Griffin said. "We need it from everybody. It's almost a mental thing, being more locked in." Things sure have changed since that October night. The Clippers under new coach Doc Rivers are fourth in the Western Conference standings; the injury-riddled Lakers are mired near the bottom under Mike D'Antoni. "Right now, it seems like teams are playing with too much confidence," Gasol said. "They're taking for granted that the Lakers are just an easy game, that they're going to come out and are just going to score 120-130 points, everybody's going to get their points, and it's going to be a wonderful night. We've just got to cut that out somehow." The Lakers were so short-handed they had to re-insert starters Johnson and Sacre in the fourth, when the teams' second units matched up as fans began leaving Staples Center in droves. Marshall rolled his ankle in the third, but stayed in the game. "I just tried to tip the ball in and I came down on Collison's foot," he said. "If I felt like I was hurting the team, then I would have sat down. But I was perfectly fine." The Clippers opened the game shooting a season-best 71 percent while scoring 43 points, most in a quarter this season. Redick scored eight of their first 12 points after missing 21 games with a broken right hand and torn ligament in his wrist. "That was fun," he said. Griffin scored 18 in the first, when the Clippers had runs of 10-0 and 14-0 in taking a 43-25 lead. "The first 5 minutes the teams were scoring up and down," Rivers said. "The ball pressure changed the game. Our defense is catching up." The Lakers used a 12-2 spurt to close within one before Griffin and Jordan combined to score 12 of their final 14 points. The Lakers never got any closer. "The first 9 minutes were OK," Gasol said. "The next 39 were long and hard and frustrating, and just difficult to suffer." Griffin provided multiple highlights, slamming down a one-handed jam off an alley-oop from Collison. Another of Griffin's powerful dunks had former Clippers center Chris Kaman ducking out of the way before Jordan sealed the 14-0 run with a steal and monster dunk of his own. "Blake is doing everything for us, rebounding and defending," Rivers said. "He is a great passer. It gets lost in his fancy dunks." The Clippers' reserves played most of the second quarter, extending their lead to 70-52 at the break. The Lakers missed 18 of 20 shots in the third, when they scored just eight points and trailed 101-60 as Bryant looked on from the bench, his head propped in his left hand. "I don't think there was one positive thing we could take from this game," Marshall said. "We were competitive for maybe 5 minutes, and we just can't have that." Griffin dominated the third, scoring 13 points. Jordan got a technical after he and Gasol exchanged words nose-to-nose. "I was just trying to stop him from running and getting that first couple of steps. That was it. He got upset about it, but I had no other choice," Gasol said. "I can't keep up with him running up the floor like that. I didn't even stand him up. I just kind of stopped that first burst." Griffin then faced up Gasol from 17 feet and hit a jumper with Gasol giving him 4 feet of room to shoot. Beleaguered Lakers fans shouted "We want Kobe!" in the game's waning minutes. NOTES: Veteran F Hedo Turkoglu worked out for the Clippers on Thursday. He has been without a team since he was released by Orlando last fall. "We're not doing anything anytime soon," Rivers said. ... The Lakers fell to 6-13 on the road and 3-11 on the road against West opponents. ... Injured Lakers G Steve Nash (nerve root irritation) has been working out on the court by himself. ... Gilbert Arenas, currently out of the NBA, created a jam in the aisle at halftime when he stopped to take photos with fans. ... Hall of Fame baseball manager Tom Lasorda drew shouts from fans as he made his way to his seat. Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited