Burke, Jazz beat Rose-less Bulls, 89-83 in OT By MATTHEW COLES Posted Nov 26 2013 1:51AM SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  Trey Burke finally had an opportunity to show why the Utah Jazz wanted him so badly. The Jazz traded two first-round picks to get The Associated Press college player of the year from Michigan on draft night in June but have been waiting anxiously to see him on the court. "Playing in those big moments in high school and college prepared me for this moment. I just wanted to play with confidence at the end," the point guard said after his first appearance at home. Burke made a key 3-pointer to help the Utah Jazz outlast Chicago 89-83 in overtime Monday night - the Bulls' first game since learning Derrick Rose would again be lost for the season. "I watched the young guy when he was in college at Michigan doing some spectacular things. He came to the court tonight and played a huge game in the most minutes he's played as a pro," said Marvin Williams, who led Utah with 17 points. Burke, who is finally enjoying extensive playing time after spending most of the season recovering from finger surgery, had 14 points and six assists. He also had five turnovers and shot 5 for 17 but was on the court in clutch time directing the Jazz to their second win of the season. "I certainly wasn't playing well in the beginning. I missed some shots and missed some guys who were open," Burke admitted. The Jazz expect some mistakes from the youngster but their forgettable start to the season leaves them hoping for a newfound dimension to their team. "The young fella is good and he's only going to get better. He's in a tough spot right now as most rookies are just starting to get their rhythm but he's just getting going and there'll be a learning curve," said Richard Jefferson, who had 15 points. Burke kept attacking even after he came up empty on several occasions. "Coach told me, `You're going to make some mistakes. Just learn from them and play confident out there."' Burke said. Carlos Boozer had 26 points and 16 rebounds and Luol Deng added 24 points for the Bulls, who were exhausted in their fourth game in five nights and still processing the loss of Rose for the season. Hayward, who had a career-high 12 assists, helped the Jazz scored the first seven points of overtime. After Burke's 3-pointer in overtime, Hayward threw an alley-oop to Jeremy Evans for a dunk that made it 85-78 with 1:24 left in the extra period. "I'm in a slump with my shot so I'm trying to be more of a playmaker," Hayward said. Joakim Noah had 10 points and 13 rebounds for the Bulls, who lost their fourth straight and are just 1-7 on the road. "We go to snap out of it. We are human and we are disappointed in the way we are playing and disappointed in everything that is going on," Noah said. With the game tied at 78, Hayward dribbled down the shot clock and launched a step-back, 16-foot jump shot that barely drew iron. Deng, who scored 11 of his 24 points in the fourth quarter, missed a contested jumper and Boozer's follow attempt rimmed out at the regulation buzzer. Rose was the only Bull who could consistently create his own shot and his teammates struggled to find good looks against Utah, shooting just 39 percent. "We've got to find ourseleves," Chicago coach Tom Thibodeau said. In the third quarter against the Portland Trail Blazers Friday, Rose lost his footing without contact while trying to change direction. He limped across the court and couldn't put any weight on his knee. After the Blazers scored, he came out of the game and, on Monday morning, had surgery for a torn meniscus. Throughout last season, the Bulls hoped for Rose to return from offseason left knee surgery. His recovery often took center stage while his teammates reached 45 wins and the second round of the playoffs despite other major injuries. In the 2012 playoffs, top-seeded Chicago lost a first-round series to Philadelphia after Rose tore his ACL. Utah, which was blown out at Chicago on Nov. 8, broke a six-game losing streak against the Bulls. The Jazz played without second-leading scorer and rebounder Enes Kanter due to a sprained right ankle but they played with intensity at the end. The Chicago offense was anything but fluid yet they trailed only 56-52 before the Jazz went on an 8-0 run. Hayward converted a three-point play for Utah's largest lead of the game at 64-52 with 2:08 left in the third quarter. That margin marked the widest one the Jazz have enjoyed since the first quarter in Boston on Nov. 6, a game they lost 97-87. Jeremy Evans made back-to-back baskets for the Jazz early in the final period to make it 68-58. The Bulls turned up the defensive pressure and the Jazz wilted with two turnovers and eight consecutive misses as they failed to score for a stretch of 6:17. Boozer capped a 13-0 spurt with an elbow jumper and Chicago led for the first time since the first quarter. "We were in position to win tonight. We've got to close out better," Thibodeau said. But the young Jazz fought back and then outscored the Bulls 11-5 in overtime. NOTES: Noah clapped and shouted at official J.T. Orr to earn a technical midway through the second quarter. He continued yelling and pointing at Orr but fellow official Tony Brothers physically escorted Noah to the Chicago bench. ... Heinrich played an offensive and defensive possession in the third quarter without one shoe when a he lost it during a loose-ball scramble. ... A few minutes later, Heinrich was issued a flagrant foul, penalty 1 when he hit Lucas in the head on a fast-break layup. ... It was the first overtime game for both teams. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited