76ers beat Wizards for second straight night Posted Jan 14 2012 11:04PM WASHINGTON (AP)  The Philadelphia 76ers might not have a big-name player. They've still become one of the hottest teams in the NBA with their brand of team-oriented basketball. Philadelphia won for the eighth time in nine games Saturday night, beating the Washington Wizards 103-90. Lou Williams came off the bench to score 24 points, and Andre Iguodala added a season-high 23. But the more important stat was the eight turnovers, which tied Philadelphia's season low and continued a trend. The 76ers entered the game with the best turnover mark in the league. "We don't have a superstar," Iguodala said. "So we don't get those foul calls, the whistles as much as the teams that do have one. So we have to do the little things right." Thaddeus Young tied his season high with 18 points and Jrue Holiday scored 13 for Philadelphia, which got 46 points off the bench, compared with 15 for the Wizards. "That was a professional, workmanlike win for us tonight," 76ers coach Doug Collins said. Collins has stressed the importance of turnovers to his team, and it showed against Washington. Philadelphia scored 27 points off turnovers, while Washington had just six. So how do the 76ers keep possession? "Taking care of the ball like it's our children or something like that," Young said. "We've got to make sure we don't turn the ball over so teams can't get out on the break on us and use our own medicine on us." Philadelphia displayed the type of teamwork and ball control that has been sorely lacking for the Wizards, who have the league's worst record at 1-11. Washington had 18 turnovers - 13 in the first half. JaVale McGee scored a season-high 23 points for the Wizards and tied his career high with 18 rebounds. McGee made his first eight shots from the floor and finished 11 of 13. Nick Young also scored a season-high 27 points. John Wall narrowly missed a triple-double. He scored 19 points with a season-high nine rebounds and tied his season high with nine assists, but also had a season-worst eight turnovers, seven in the first half. "I feel like I lost the game," Wall said. It was the 76ers' second win in two nights over Washington, following a 120-89 victory Friday night in Philadelphia. The Wizards looked like they were out for some revenge when the game started, leading 26-23 after the first quarter. However, poor decisions and sloppy play led to 13 Washington turnovers in the first half, and it caught up to the Wizards in the second quarter. Philadelphia took advantage to steadily pull ahead, outscoring Washington 29-14 in the second quarter. "The first half looked like Space Jam where everyone lost their talents and couldn't do anything there for a while," Washington coach Flip Saunders said. "It sets the tone. They get into a comfort zone - especially when you just lost to a team by 30. They get so comfortable." The 76ers extended the lead in the second half to as many as 20 points early in the fourth quarter. Washington made a late push to make the margin more respectable, but after Philadelphia took the second-quarter lead the outcome was never in doubt. The Wizards did keep the 76ers from making a little bit of history. Six of Philadelphia's wins have been by at least 20 points, and no team has ever won seven of its first 12 games by 20 points or more, according to STATS LLC. "We don't want to allow them to get close," Williams said. "I think that's one of the big things that's been huge for us early on, when we have substantial leads to try to keep them, and it was the same tonight." NOTES: Wizards F Andray Blatche (sprained right shoulder) was out for the third straight game. Washington coach Flip Saunders said he wasn't sure when Blatche would return. ... The Wizards' 14 points in the second quarter marked the 20th time in Washington's 48 quarters this season they have scored fewer than 20 points. ... Philadelphia won four straight against Washington. ... It was the ninth straight game the 76ers held their opponent to fewer than 100 points. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited