76ers 107, Jazz 112 Posted Mar 15 2011 1:03AM SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  Philadelphia 76ers coach Doug Collins said his team was still figuratively hung over Monday night following a blowout loss a few days earlier. The Utah Jazz were happy to make it worse, letting the Sixers rally from a 21-point deficit only to knock them back down in overtime. Andrei Kirilenko scored seven of his 16 points in the extra period to lead the short-handed Jazz to a 112-107 victory "I just can't give them enough credit for the effort tonight," said Jazz coach Ty Corbin, who was missing starter Paul Millsap, lost point guard Devin Harris late and was without four others including rookie Gordon Hayward because of injury. "It was a tremendous team effort." The Sixers trailed for the first 47 minutes but had a 103-101 lead with 11.5 seconds left in regulation thanks to a 14-point quarter by Andre Iguodala. C.J. Miles' driving layup tied it and Iguodala missed what would have been the game-winner. Kirilenko then took over in overtime, hitting a 3-pointer, putback dunk and two free throws to seal the win. The Sixers haven't won in Utah since Jan. 5, 2005, losing 10 of the last 12 overall against the Jazz. "We had a hangover from that Milwaukee game," Collins said of a 102-74 loss to the Bucks on Saturday. "We were terrible in the first half." Even after the rally, Collins admitted he was concerned and frustrated at the lack of toughness early. "Tough loss, but I told our guys after the game if there's anything we learned is that if we're not blue-collar tough and give great effort all the time we can't beat anybody," he said. The Jazz led by as many as 21 points in the second quarter, 18 in the third and 15 in the fourth before Philadelphia rallied. Al Jefferson led the Jazz with 30 points and 17 rebounds, including 11 defensive boards. Rookie forward Derrick Favors, making his first start for Utah in place of the injured Millsap, added 11 points, six boards, two assists and a steal for the Jazz. "We try to make it hard on ourselves to win, but we'll take it any way we can get it," Jefferson said of the Jazz, who improved to 4-10 under Corbin. The Jazz entered the game in 10th place in the Western Conference still hoping to make the playoffs. But the injuries keep piling up. Hayward initially was listed as questionable because of a sprained left foot, but the injury may be more serious. X-rays taken Monday morning were negative for a stress fracture but he was inactive and Jazz officials said they would have more information Tuesday morning. Harris, acquired along with Favors in a blockbuster trade that sent All-Star Deron Williams to the New Jersey Nets, left with 19.7 remaining in regulation with a hamstring injury and did not return. He finished with 19 points, four assists and two turnovers. Corbin started C.J. Miles in place of guard Raja Bell, who was still nursing a toe injury. Bell entered in the second quarter and contributed five points, four rebounds, and one assist. Iguodala led Philadelphia with 23 points, while reserves Lou Williams added 22 and Thaddeus Young 10. Elton Brand started slowly for the Sixers, hitting just 1 of 7 shots in the first half before finishing with 19. Jodie Meeks added 17 as five Philadelphia players scored in double figures. It wasn't enough against Utah. "I feel good about the way we fought back, and had a few chances to win it," Brand said. "I wish we could have won it then we would be all elated right now. But we just laid two eggs in a row and I definitely don't feel good about that." Corbin started the 6-10 Favors to give Utah a defensive boost after seeing his team give up 39 points in the first quarter against Minnesota on Friday and 37 Saturday night at Chicago. The Jazz ended up losing those two games by a combined 39 points. Favors started strong with three rebounds, two assists, two points and a steal in the first six minutes. But he picked up two quick fouls. Still, the Jazz led 28-23 after one, and 60-42 at halftime. "We wanted to come out tonight and just show energy on our home floor," Miles said of a Jazz team that is just 19-15 at home this season. "I tried to come out and be aggressive, tried to run the floor. ... We got a little stagnant in the second half offensively which allowed them to get back in the game." Notes: The Jazz were without Millsap for the fourth straight game because of a knee injury. Reserves Ronnie Price, Mehmet Okur and Francisco Elson continued to be inactive. ... The Sixers scored just 19 points in the second quarter. ... The Sixers are 2-6 in eight overtime games this season. ... Philadelphia's bench outscored the Jazz bench 36-17. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited