Aldridge, Felton lead Blazers past Warriors, 90-87 By ANNE M. PETERSON Posted Mar 26 2012 1:08AM PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  LaMarcus Aldridge felt he had missed enough easy shots for the night. "I thought my time was coming," he said. "The odds had to even up." They did. Aldridge hit a turnaround fadeaway jumper that gave the Trail Blazers the lead over the Golden State Warriors with 39.9 seconds to go Sunday night. He added a pair of free throws for the 90-87 victory. Aldridge finished with 18 points and nine rebounds, while Raymond Felton scored a season-high 24 for the Blazers, who evened their record at 3-3 since Kaleb Canales replaced fired coach Nate McMillan. " We talks about resolve and I felt like guys responded tonight," Canales said. "LaMarcus made huge plays down the stretch. He had a big shot, but more than that, he made the right reads and plays tonight." Brandon Rush hit two straight 3-pointers that gave Golden State an 85-80 lead with 3:37 left. But two free throws later, Felton made a 3 to tie it at 85 with 2:32 left. Wesley Matthews missed one of two free throws for Portland before David Lee's tip-in gave the Warriors back the lead. After Aldridge's jumper put Portland in front, Lee fouled Aldridge and he made his free throws for the final margin. Golden State rookie Charles Jenkins missed a 3-point attempt at the buzzer and the Warriors lost for the sixth time in eight games. "I think we showed a lot about our team - the fight that we have, the fight we're going to have the rest of the season," said Felton, who also had seven assists. Jenkins finished with a career-high 27 points starting in place of injured guard Nate Robinson, who strained his right hamstring in the Warriors' 111-108 victory over the Kings the previous night, was in uniform but did not play. "Tonight coach told me to be a little more aggressive and I got it going a little bit. I was able to get away with taking more shots than normal," Jenkins said. "Luckily, they were falling tonight. Unfortunately, we didn't win so I can't celebrate." The Blazers won despite shooting just 36.5 percent from the field (31 of 85). It is the only time they've won a game this season shooting less than 40 percent. Jenkins pointed to Aldridge's defense on the final play of the game. "It was drawn up for me to come off of a screen, but they switched it and LaMarcus Aldridge - his arms are very long," he said. "There was no way I could get the shot off with that little bit of time, so that was a tough play." Both teams have dealt with upheaval in recent weeks. The Warriors traded away fan favorite Monta Ellis and have been starting rookie Klay Thompson, who has scored in double figures in the last six games, including a career-high 31 points Saturday night against the Kings. Thompson and Lee both finished with 16 against the Blazers. The Blazers dismissed McMillan and traded away starters Marcus Camby and Gerald Wallace at the NBA trade deadline on March 15. Canales was still trying to assimilate newcomers Jonny Flynn and Hasheem Thabeet, as well as forward J.J. Hickson, acquired off waivers from the Kings. The Blazers jumped out to a 17-11 lead on Aldridge's dunk off a pass from Felton. But the Warriors closed the gap before the first quarter was over, and went ahead 27-26 on Jenkins' pull-up jumper. Lee's layup and free throw gave Golden State a 41-33 lead late in the second quarter, and the Warriors were up 45-40 at the break. Golden State stretched the advantage to 53-45 on Thompson's jumper, but the Blazers closed to 57-56 on Aldridge's dunk before going ahead on consecutive long jumpers from Felton. The game shifted in Portland's way when Felton grabbed a steal but fell trying to control it, and passed it from the floor to Nicolas Batum, who went in for the fast-break layup and free throw to put Portland ahead 65-59. Thompson's 3-pointer got the Warriors as close as 70-69 early in the fourth quarter. Jenkins' pull-up jumper and a layup put Golden State in front 75-72, but the Blazers went up 80-77 on Felton's 3-pointer with 5 minutes to go. Felton made four of seven 3-point attempts in the game. The Blazers were coming off a 103-96 loss to the Lakers Friday night at Staples Center. NOTES: McMillan, fired as the Blazers' coach on March 15, took out a full-page ad in the Oregonian newspaper Sunday, thanking fans for their support: "Coaches come and go but one thing that will never change is the unique bond that Portland and Oregon has with its NBA team," McMillan wrote in the ad. Earlier this week, McMiIllan dropped by the team's practice facility to personally thank the employees there. ... Jenkins' previous career high was 15 at Sacramento on March 13.  ... Warriors guard Stephen Curry missed his eighth straight game with a sprain of his surgically repaired right ankle. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited