Durant powers Thunder past 76ers in OT By DAN GELSTON Posted Mar 09 2011 11:39PM PHILADELPHIA (AP)  Kevin Durant was confident he'd make the tying shot. "Fifty percent of the game is mental, so I thought the shot was going in before I took it and luckily it went in," Durant said. After his 3-pointer over Andre Iguodala's outstretched arms in the final seconds of regulation did, he was on target with his next prediction, too. "I knew after that it was looking up from there," Durant said. Durant had 34 points and 16 rebounds, and Russell Westbrook added 27 points and 12 assists to lead the Oklahoma City Thunder to a 110-105 overtime victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night. Durant, the NBA's leading scorer, erased a five-point deficit with a minute left in regulation, hitting a runner and the clutch 3-pointer that sent the game into overtime. The Sixers scored only two baskets in the extra 5 minutes. Nick Collison made it three Thunder players with double-doubles with 13 points and 10 rebounds. Collison set the screen, Westbrook made the pass and Durant was in perfect position to get off the difficult shot. "I'm a much better screener now than I was earlier in the league," Collison said. "It's knowing how to do it and knowing how to get in the way." Jrue Holiday and Lou Williams each scored 22 points for the Sixers. Elton Brand had 13 points and 15 rebounds. Durant was 13 of 26 from the field and all 16 boards were defensive ones. The Sixers played one of their most exciting games of the season in front of a surprisingly strong crowd of 19,283. Their playoff push - coupled with Durant's appearance - made this one a rare must-see game in Philly. Both teams delivered in a fourth quarter where each big basket was matched by a big basket. "I thought we were one play away from winning the game," Sixers coach Doug Collins said. "That is the first one that has gotten away from us like that in a long time. Durant had to hit a hell of a shot to get it to overtime." The shot came after the Sixers created some separation late in the period. Williams, who scored nine straight points in the quarter, started his run when he faked a pass to Thaddeus Young and took himself to the basket for the three-point play. Williams was positioned with his back to Oklahoma City's bench when Brand fed him the ball and he buried a 3 for a 101-96 lead. The Thunder, of course, are never out of a game with Durant on the floor. He hit the 3 over Iguodala with 6.2 seconds left that tied the score at 101-all. "We can't let them get a 3 late in the game, and they hit a 3," Iguodala said. Iguodala was whistled for an offensive foul on a drive down the paint with 1.9 left to give the Thunder one last chance to win. Durant missed his long-range shot at the buzzer and the Thunder were set for their eighth overtime game of the season. Durant hit three 3s, none more dazzling than one with 17 seconds left in the third. He caught the ball behind the arc, swung his arms in a circular motion and heaved the ball with a backward skip and - good! And he was fouled by Young. Durant smiled as he nodded in approval at the Thunder bench. He sank the free throw for the four-point play and an 82-80 lead. Durant's quick release on a 3 in OT startled the Sixers and put the Thunder up 108-105. Westbrook followed with a long jumper and that was the game. "It looked bad for a minute, but we stayed with it and made some shots," Durant said. Durant hit the 30-15 milestones in the same game for the third time in his career. He had 13 points and 10 rebounds in the first half as the Thunder shot 56 percent from the field. Jodie Meeks and Holiday scored 11 apiece and the Sixers shot 58 percent from 3-point range for a 55-all score at halftime. "You need some help or some good fortune," Oklahoma city coach Scott Brooks said. "We got it." Notes: The Sixers had a three-game winning streak snapped. ... 76ers director of statistical information Harvey Pollack turned 89. He is the NBA's only original active employee. ... Westbrook has 29 double-doubles. ... The Thunder are 7-1 in overtime this season. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited