
 Jazz rally from 18 down, beat Clippers in 2 OTs Posted Nov 07 2010 1:27AM SALT LAKE CITY(AP) The Utah Jazz needed a big comeback and 10 extra minutes to extend their home dominance of the Los Angeles Clippers. Deron Williams made the tiebreaking layup with 6.8 seconds remaining in the second overtime and the Jazz rallied for a 109-07 victory Saturday night, the Clippers' 15th consecutive loss in Salt Lake City. The Jazz erased an 18-point, first-half deficit and escaped after Los Angeles' Craig Smith missed a shot in the lane at the buzzer. "It was a tough game," said Williams, who scored 22 of his 30 points after halftime. "(They) took it to us early and we had to fight our battle all day." Paul Millsap had 25 points and 13 rebounds, and Al Jefferson finished with 18 points and 10 rebounds for the Jazz. Los Angeles' Eric Gordon, who scored 27 points, tied the game in the final seconds of regulation with a slam dunk, but missed a runner in the lane that would have won it at the end of the first overtime. "Our guys were fighting all game," Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro said. "From that standpoint, we grew. But it still hurts to lose and we had a good opportunity tonight that we weren't able to capitalize on." Chris Kaman scored 23 points despite playing most of the game with foul trouble for the Clippers, who fell to 1-6 and haven't won in Salt Lake City since Jan. 22, 2003. Utah trailed by 17 in the first quarter and by as many as 18 in the second quarter, but opened the second half with a 17-3 run, sparked by 3-pointers from Raja Bell and Andrei Kirilenko. "It was an ugly win," Jefferson said. "They owned the first half. We came out in the second half with a lot of energy and fought back." Utah's zone defense gave the Clippers fits in the second half, especially Blake Griffin. The rookie scored 16 points and made five of his first six shots, but went 0 for 4 in the second half before fouling out. Gordon was held scoreless in the second overtime, but Rasual Butler hit two 3-pointers to erase a six-point deficit and set the stage for Williams' heroics. "Great players make great plays," Jazz guard C.J. Miles said. "He recognized the clock in that situation that there were no timeouts left." Williams scored 15 points in the third quarter and gave Utah its first lead of the game, 77-75, on a layup with 9:42 left in the fourth quarter. He missed a jumper from the top of the key at the end of regulation. Notes: The Clippers played without point guard Baron Davis (sore left knee) and Randy Foye (left hamstring). Utah has won eight of the past nine meetings in the series. Gordon has four double-doubles in seven games this season. Utah is 6-2 all-time in double-overtime games. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   