Wall helps Wizards hold off Bucks Posted Mar 13 2013 9:41PM WASHINGTON (AP)  John Wall had 23 points and 10 assists, and the Washington Wizards beat the Milwaukee Bucks 106-93 Wednesday night. Wall and Wizards coach Randy Wittman appeared to exchange unpleasant words during a timeout late in the third quarter, but Wall rallied with eight fourth-quarter points to hold off the Bucks' comeback. It was Wall's seventh double-double of the season. He also added six rebounds and four steals. The Wizards (21-42) have won three straight home games and eight of 11 in Washington. Monta Ellis scored 26 points for the Bucks (32-31). Martell Webster scored 20 points, his third straight game with at least 17. Nene had 13 points and 13 rebounds, and Trevor Booker had 13 points and 12 boards. Garrett Temple added 13 points. Trevor Ariza (knee) was a game-time decision, but he scored 14 points in 30 minutes. Ersan Ilyasova posted 21 points and 12 rebounds for Milwaukee. Larry Sanders had 17 points and 11 rebounds before being ejected late in the fourth quarter. Sanders committed an offensive foul with 2:45 left and received two technical fouls while arguing the call. J.J. Redick scored 16 points, and Brandon Jennings added eight points and 10 assists. Led by Webster's 13 points, the Wizards had a 30-21 advantage after the first quarter. A 14-0 run expanded Washington's lead to 54-35 in the second quarter. The Wizards led by 20 points in third quarter, then opened the fourth with a 7-0 run before pulling away. The Wizards played without Bradley Beal, who missed his fifth straight game with a sprained left ankle. Beal led the Wizards in points during the teams' first two matchups this season, scoring 22 in a November loss and 28 in a February win. Notes: Luc Mbah a Moute (turf toe) didn't travel with the Bucks. Mbah a Moute, who averages 7.5 points and 4.8 rebounds in 24.4 minutes per game, also missed Milwaukee's game Tuesday against the Dallas Mavericks. . A.J. Price (hamstring, groin) did not play.  ... With multiple guards injured, Wittman was asked about the possibility of adding another guard. The Wizards have a full roster of 15 players, but Leandro Barbosa (left knee) is out for the season and could be bought out. "We'll look into it," Wittman said. . The Bucks traded for Redick, Gustavo Ayon and Ish Smith at the NBA trade deadline. "One of the problems with making trades like that is just the fact that you can't get everybody up to speed as quickly as you would like," Milwaukee coach Jim Boylan said. "You have to do it on the fly, and it's not easy." . The Bucks played at the Los Angeles Clippers, Golden State Warriors and Sacramento Kings before returning home to play the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday. Boylan noted how difficult the first game after a road trip can be. "So what the NBA did was they sent back out on the road again, so that should take care of that problem," Boylan said. "They sent us to the East Coast, so we can enjoy every time zone that America has to offer." Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited