
 Gay, Randolph help Grizzlies top Kings to end skid Posted Nov 07 2010 1:09AM SACRAMENTO, Calif.(AP) A tough loss the previous night made the Memphis Grizzlies more determined to win Saturday. Rudy Gay scored 32 points and Zach Randolph added 20 to help the Grizzlies beat the Sacramento Kings 100-91. Mike Conley and O.J. Mayo each had 14 points for the Grizzlies (3-4), who had lost three straight, including a 123-118 double-overtime defeat in Phoenix on Friday. Randolph grabbed 11 rebounds and Gay had nine. "It was a must win," Gay said. "After last night we need to come in here and prove ourselves. That game last night we should have had. Tonight, we wanted to make sure we came out to assert ourselves and make sure the outcome goes our way." The Grizzlies have Randolph and Marc Gasol back from injuries, and their presence in the middle caused problems for the Kings all night long. "We are full throttle right about now," Mayo said. "Earlier in the season, big fella (Gasol) and Zach were hurt and we weren't at full throttle. Now they are getting their legs back, they are getting into game shape, and I look for us to make a nice run." Tyreke Evans scored 30 points and Francisco Garcia had 21 off the bench for the Kings (3-3), who dropped their second straight game. Samuel Dalembert replaced rookie DeMarcus Cousins in the starting lineup. Dalembert finished with eight points, 12 rebounds and five blocked shots. Kings coach Paul Westphal said he knew the Grizzlies was coming to Sacramento to handle their business. The Kings turned the ball over 21 times after entering the game averaging 11.8. "I've never bought into that stuff, 'Oh they played last night' stuff," Westphal said. "They lost in double-overtime. Therefore, they'll be fired up. We won't use that as an excuse." Mayo made a 3-pointer followed by two 15-foot jumpers to put the Grizzlies up 67-53 with 7:47 remaining in the third quarter. Memphis led by as much as 16 in the period and led by 13 entering the fourth. "Every time we came back and made a run, they answered with a 3, a 3 or a foul," Evans said. "We just had to get a couple of stops and I thought we would have been good." Garcia scored the Kings' first 10 points of the fourth quarter, and cut the Grizzlies' margin 83-75 with a 3-pointer. From there, the Kings started getting sloppy by committing fouls, turning the ball over, and missing key free throws. The Grizzlies got off to a good start when Gay's basket gave them a 28-18 lead with 2:22 left in the first quarter. The Grizzlies, with no turnovers, finished the quarter leading 30-24. Two free throws by Carl Landry with 2:47 remaining in the second quarter tied it at 45. The Grizzlies regrouped to take a 53-49 halftime margin. Both teams shot 51 percent from the floor in the first half. Gay and Randolph combined for 26 points, making 10-of-16 shots from the field. The Kings committed 12 first-half turnovers. Gay was 11 of 19 from the field and made all nine attempts from the free throw line. He also had three assists, two steals, and one blocked shot in 46 minutes. He has scored 20 or more points in all seven games this season. "This is no different from any other night," Gay said. "I try to be as versatile as I possibly can be." Notes: Kings swingman Antoine Wright was inactive for Saturday's game. He was arrested in Rocklin, Calif. on suspicion of a DUI early Friday morning. Wright was at the game against the Grizzlies and participated in the shootaround session an hour before tipoff. The Kings organizations have been marred with serious driving violations in the past few years. Former coach Eric Musselman, former player Andres Nocioni, and the owners' brother, George Maloof Jr., all have been charged with a DUI. Rookie of the Year Evans was charged and served a one-game suspension for reckless driving last summer. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   