Williams, Jazz send Warriors to 7th straight loss By LYNN DeBRUIN Posted Dec 14 2010 1:35AM SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  On the 10th anniversary of John Stockton's 14,000th career assist, Deron Williams continued Utah's fine tradition at guard. "I have to say this is as good as I have ever seen him play," Jazz coach Jerry Sloan said of Williams, who topped 30 points for the third straight game as Utah routed Golden State 108-95 on Monday night. "He's been sensational, really. He just took the game over and put it in his hands." Williams had 30 points and 10 assists for his 13th double-double of the season, with 11 points coming in the fourth quarter when Utah pulled away. He has scored 96 points over the last three games. "I've had to take a little bit more aggressive approach scoring the basketball this year than I have in the past," said Williams, who is seeing more time as Utah's No. 2 guard. "That's what I'm doing. I still want to get my teammates the ball. I am still a point guard first. It's necessary on this team for me to score more." Monday night's win avenged an 85-78 road loss Nov. 5 to the Warriors, who lost their seventh straight and 12th in 13 games. While Williams did what he does, the short-handed Jazz got some other key contributions. Reserve C.J. Miles had 20 points and six rebounds while seldom-used rookie Jeremy Evans scored nine points in nine minutes, including several sensational dunks that brought the crowd to its feet. "It was a great day for our bench," said Williams, who before the game received his Western Conference Player of the Month award for November. "Everybody came in and played well. C.J. hit shots, got to the basket and made some big plays. Jeremy and Earl (Watson) hooked up on a couple of (dunks). They gave us a big spark." The Jazz were without starting guard Raja Bell, who missed his third straight game with a groin injury, and backup center Francisco Elson, who was in Canada having his visa updated. Golden State was missing a key player, with second-leading scorer Stephen Curry (20.1 points) still out with an ankle injury. Despite the difference in overall records, this one was back-and-forth until the fourth quarter. There were 15 lead changes and four ties. Golden State stayed in it by outrebounding Utah 46-40 and making 11 3-pointers compared to six for Utah. But it wasn't enough once Williams got rolling. He hit consecutive 3-pointers and added a three-point play in the third quarter, add fed Kyrylo Fesenko on a dunk as Utah took a 74-70 lead into the fourth quarter. Miles scored Utah's first seven points of the fourth quarter as the Jazz took an 81-71 lead before Williams continued his roll. He added 11 points in the first five minutes of the final quarter as Utah cruised. "That's what you pay players like that for," Golden State coach Keith Smart said of Williams. "You pay them for fourth-quarter heroics, to take over a game and make plays and make big shots. That's why your team moves from one level to another level. " Paul Millsap added 16 points for Utah, 10 in the third quarter when the Jazz outscored Golden State 31-24. Al Jefferson had 13 points, eight rebounds and a career-high six blocked shots for Utah. Dorell Wright led Golden State with 20 points, including four 3-pointers. Reggie Williams added 19 for the Warriors, while David Lee had 18 points and 12 rebounds. Andris Biedrins, who had 20 rebounds in the first game against Utah, had 12 Monday. "Our guys are giving it to me," Smart said. "They're giving me what is necessary to get us moving in the right direction, to win. Now we just need to make sure we can stay together as a unit." The Jazz, meanwhile, are still trying to figure out how to get out the gate. At one point in the first quarter, they were shooting just 27.3 percent until Williams hit a 3-pointer and scored on a fastbreak layup. The Jazz went on a 16-4 run to open the second quarter, thanks mostly to their bench. Miles started it with a driving layup, Andrei Kirilenko added two steals and field goals, and Evans had three dunks to give the Jazz a 36-27 lead with 7:30 left in the half. Golden State responded with its own 17-7 run, including three straight 3-pointers. The Warriors hit five 3-pointers in the first half and outrebounded Utah 25-20 to take a 46-43 halftime lead. "We knew they weren't going to go away," Jefferson said. "I knew that once we got in the groove and started getting stops that D-Will would take over the game. Everybody helped out." Notes: Rookie Gordon Hayward made his third straight start in place of Bell, but scored just one point. ... Dec. 14 marks the 25th anniversary of the Jazz retiring Pete Maravich's uniform No. 7. ... Reggie Williams had the hot hand for Golden State early, making all five of his shots, including 3 of 3 from 3-point range for 14 first-half points. ... The Jazz outscored the Warriors 50-26 in the paint. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited