Jameer Nelson rallies Magic past Kings, 106-102 By ANTONIO GONZALEZ Posted Mar 10 2011 1:45AM SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  Gilbert Arenas was watching his Orlando Magic teammates from the bench, seemingly headed for another ugly loss when it happened. Jameer Nelson just took over. Nelson scored 12 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Magic to a 106-102 victory over the lowly Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night, avoiding what would have been another embarrassing loss to one of the NBA's worst teams. "I call it wonderman basketball," Arenas said. "He's out there, but he's not out there." At times, it seemed the Magic weren't out there at all. Dwight Howard returned from a one-game suspension to finish with 16 points and 15 rebounds but fouled out late, and Jason Richardson scored 19 points to help the Magic overcome an eight-point deficit in a sloppy effort that opened a five-game road trip. "We played poorly. We didn't put much into the game, got crushed on the glass. I'm not happy, but we got a win. We'll take it and move on," said a frustrated Magic coach Stan Van Gundy, who was uncharacteristically short on answers. "We've said (we'll change) a lot. We say a lot of things." DeMarcus Cousins had 29 points and Marcus Thornton finished with 22 points, six rebounds and five assists for the Kings, who collapsed late in a game they controlled for most of the way. Sacramento finished with 21 turnovers. "There were so many really good things about that game for our team. I just hate to come in here and talk about that close loss against a good team, but that's what it was," Sacramento coach Paul Westphal said. "We had too many turnovers again and it wasted a really, really, good effort." Orlando flexed its muscles just enough to come out on top. The Magic took their first lead of the fourth quarter, 98-97, on Richardson's 3-pointer with a little more than three minutes left. The teams traded baskets, then Nelson answered with an 18-foot jumper to extend Orlando's lead to three. Howard, who was automatically suspended in a loss against Portland after picking up his 16th technical foul, fouled out with 61 seconds left, but the Magic closed out Sacramento without their All-Star center. Hedo Turkoglu followed with a 3-pointer that put the Magic ahead by five. Orlando missed three straight free throws and nearly let the Kings back. But Luther Head's potential tying 3-pointer in the final seconds rimmed out, sealing another loss for a Kings franchise that has fallen on hard times. The Kings, who had another spotty crowd, are in talks about moving the franchise south to Anaheim. They were again without leading scorer and reigning NBA Rookie of the Year Tyreke Evans, still trying to come back from plantar fasciitis in his left foot. Even so, they still had a chance to win. "We didn't play well," Nelson said. "It's getting toward the end of the year, we can't continue to play this way and think that it's OK. It just doesn't change. Nobody can do it but us." Orlando was surely glad to have its star back. The game was the first since Howard served the NBA's first suspension for excessive technical fouls this season. Players are suspended one game on their 16th technical foul and every two technicals after that. The Magic lost 89-85 to Portland on Monday night without Howard, and they desperately need him in peak form if they have any hope to make it back to the Eastern Conference finals for a third straight year. Cousins, Head and Samuel Dalembert were called for technical fouls for Sacramento. Nelson also was whistled for a technical for arguing. The Kings saddled Howard in foul trouble to build an eight-point lead in the second quarter with him mostly on the bench. After Howard picked up his fourth foul with 10:58 remaining in the third quarter, Van Gundy decided to take his chances and stick with his big man. Howard helped the Magic go ahead 67-64 and stayed clear of picking up his fifth foul early. They Kings took a 79-76 lead after three quarters but never could pull away big. "We've got to cut down on the turnovers," Cousins said. "That's really hurting us down the stretch." NOTES: Magic PF Ryan Anderson grew up near Sacramento rooting for the Kings. He said the possibility that the franchise could move and leave the area without an NBA team is a difficult scenario to imagine. "It would be weird. It would be tough for a lot of people. There are still a lot of Kings fans," he said. ... The Kings wore the retro uniforms of the Rochester Royals. ... Richardson played despite a severe cold and congestion. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited