Paul, Griffin lead Clippers past Jazz, 107-105 By LYNN DeBRUIN Posted Feb 02 2012 2:54AM SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  Chris Paul was shocked to learn the Los Angeles Clippers hadn't won in Utah since 2003. He made sure that slate was wiped clean Wednesday night, scoring a season-high 34 points in the Clippers' 107-105 victory over the Jazz. The win ended a string of 16 straight losses in Salt Lake City, where the Clippers had prevailed just once in the previous 39 meetings. "We really wanted this game," Paul said. "It's a new (Clippers) team right here." Paul scored 12 points in the fourth quarter of a tight game. He also handed out 11 assists, with most going to Blake Griffin for dunks, including one just seven seconds into the game. "He's just one of those guys that can make everybody on the floor better," Jazz swingman C.J. Miles said of the Clippers' superstar point guard. "He gets the ball in his hands. He makes the right decisions. He makes it tough on you and he showed tonight why." The game was a far cry from the first meeting on Jan. 17 when the Jazz rolled to a 108-79 loss, and temporarily stole the nickname Lob City with eight dunks. Paul didn't play in that game because of a left hamstring injury, and neither did backup Mo Williams. While starting forward Caron Butler was out Wednesday with a sore lower back, the Clippers had just enough in the tank to hold off the Jazz down the stretch. "It is tough to win here, we know that, and they're playing very well," Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro said. "But we were able to make enough plays in the second half. Our defense was better and we got more stops." It helped that the Jazz are still struggling from the free throw line, making just 26 of 36. The Clippers made nine free throws in the final 30 seconds. Utah's C.J. Miles intentionally missed his second free throw with the Jazz down two points with 1.2 seconds left but Reggie Evans grabbed the rebound to seal the win. Jazz coach Tyrone Corbin said L.A.'s 50-35 rebounding edge was a big factor, with Griffin grabbing a team-high 14 to go along with his 31 points (14 of 22 shooting). "I thought they outhustled us and got the ball," Corbin said. "And we missed 10 free throws in a two-point ball game and it ended up costing us." The Jazz also lost a valuable player in the process as backup point guard Earl Watson left in the third quarter with a left ankle sprain and is doubtful for Thursday's game at Golden State. The Clippers have now won four straight. "We're tired, but we have another game tomorrow night against a very difficult opponent," Del Negro said of facing Denver. "We're going to have to get ready." Al Jefferson had 27 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Jazz. Miles added 16 off the bench, including a 3-pointer with 8 seconds left that pulled Utah to 103-102. But Chauncey Billups, who made only 1 of 8 field goals, hit two more free throws to put Los Angeles up 105-102. Devin Harris' two foul shots cut it to one point again, but Williams made both of his free throws. The Clippers then quickly fouled, not letting the Jazz get off another 3-point attempt. "It's a loss," Miles said. "I felt like it's a game we should have won. The beginning of the third quarter really hurt us." The teams combined for only 32 points in the third quarter, after the Jazz led by 10 points in the second. The Jazz led by four points early in the fourth, but Paul and Williams brought the Clippers back. Paul's 3-pointer gave Los Angeles an 86-84 lead with 6:08 remaining, and his reverse layup later made it 92-87. Paul Millsap thought he had tied the score at 94 for Utah but he was called for an offensive foul going against Griffin, who was playing with five personal fouls at the time. Both teams were hot in the first half, with the Jazz shooting 61 percent (27 of 44) and L.A. 53 percent (24 for 45). The Clippers were just 5 of 22 on 3s, and the Jazz 3 of 11. NOTES: Paul and Griffin combined for 26 of L.A.'s 32 first-quarter points. ... Williams had a four-point play for the Clippers late in the first quarter after being fouled on a 3-point shot by Josh Howard. He finished with 19 points. ... Derrick Favors started the game 4 of 4 for Utah and had 10 points in the first half, and finished with 14. ... Billups and Paul were both assessed first-half technicals, while the officials called double-technicals on Gordon Hayward and Williams in the third. ... Jazz SG Raja Bell missed his second straight game with a strained adductor. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited