76ers win third straight, beat Raptors 93-83 Posted Nov 10 2012 10:55PM TORONTO (AP)  After leaning heavily on his starters in Friday's win at Boston, 76ers coach Doug Collins knew he would need a big effort from his bench to beat Toronto on Saturday night. In a spectacular second quarter, the Sixers' reserves gave Collins all he asked for, and more. Thaddeus Young, Jrue Holiday and Nick Young scored 16 points apiece and Philadelphia beat Toronto 93-83, its fifth victory in six meetings with the Raptors. Holiday, Evan Turner and Thaddeus Young were all worn down after playing more than 40 minutes Friday. When they flagged, Nick Young, Spencer Hawes and Royal Ivey stepped in and delivered a much-needed dose of energy. "Our first unit just didn't have any juice at all," Collins said. "Our second unit was fantastic and that was the difference in the game. "That's what we're going to have to do, because we have 22 back-to-backs this year," he added. Hawes had 12 points and 11 rebounds, Dorell Wright added 15 points and Philadelphia won its third straight, with all three victories coming on the road. It's the first time the 76ers have done that since February 2003. "I'm thrilled, 3-0 road trip," Collins said. After beating the Celtics 106-100 Friday, the Sixers knocked off another Atlantic Division opponent thanks to a huge second quarter that saw them turn a six-point deficit into a 19-point lead. "We knew we had to come in and give (the starters) a little boost for that stretch from the end of the first through second quarter," Hawes said. "I think we did just that." Andrea Bargnani led Toronto with 23 points, while DeMar DeRozan had 19. Jose Calderon had 14 points and 11 assists, but the Raptors lost their third straight. Rookie Jonas Valanciunas had eight points and eight rebounds as Toronto was held to a season-low point total. The Raptors used a 9-0 run in the first to take a 26-20 lead but the Sixers turned the tables in the second, getting 11 points from Nick Young and using a 12-0 run to outscore Toronto 32-7. Philadelphia led 52-33 at the half. "We were just knocking down shots and playing hard defense," Nick Young said. "We brought all the energy we could and we just fed off it." Toronto made just two of 20 field goal attempts in the second, while Philadelphia connected on 13 of 18. "We lost our focus on both ends," DeRozan said. "We couldn't score, couldn't get stops." The second-quarter meltdown was a new wrinkle for the 1-5 Raptors, who've been working to clean up slow starts. "We play three quarters and kind of lose it in one, everything we've worked for," Calderon said. "We have to try and do better. We have to play for a full 48 (minutes) or we are not going to be able to beat good teams." Bargnani scored eight points in the third as the Raptors closed the gap, and Amir Johnson's alley-oop at the buzzer cut it to 69-62 heading into the fourth. DeRozan cut it to six with a free throw to start the final quarter, but back-to-back 3-pointers from Wright restored Philadelphia's double-digit lead, and ensured the Sixers' third straight victory in Toronto. Calderon started at point guard for the Raptors in place of Kyle Lowry (right ankle), while Alan Anderson started for Landry Fields (right wrist). Anderson, however, sprained his left foot late in the third and had to be carried off. He did not return. The 76ers played without center Kwame Brown (left calf) and guard Jason Richardson (left ankle). NOTES: Evan Turner led the 76ers with 12 rebounds. ... Lowry, Toronto's leading scorer, left in the first half of Tuesday's loss at Oklahoma City and has not played since. Fields, who has been sore for several weeks, saw a hand specialist Friday and is scheduled to see another doctor next week. ... Linas Kleiza returned to Toronto's lineup after missing the past four games for personal reasons. ... The Raptors wore camouflage jerseys in honor of Sunday's Remembrance Day holiday. ... The 76ers are 4-0 when leading after three quarters. ... Philadelphia has won three straight in Toronto. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited