Jennings, Boykins lead Bucks over Cavs Posted Mar 09 2011 11:42PM MILWAUKEE (AP)  Two guards teamed up to give Milwaukee its second win in two days. Brandon Jennings and Earl Boykins each scored 18 points to lead the Bucks to a 110-90 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday night. "At this point, we're running out of time," Boykins said. "It's time to win, no matter who the opponent is. If you can get a win, it's a good win. So, we're able to get the back-to-back wins. It's huge for us at this point of the season." Boykins had all of his points in the first half, then Jennings scored 14 in the third quarter as Milwaukee enjoyed its second blowout in two days, thanks to 55.1 percent shooting. The Bucks, who won 95-76 on Tuesday at Washington, have won back-to-back games for the first time since Jan. 28-29. Boykins and Jennings combined to shoot 15 of 19 from the field. "They were in the paint," Milwaukee coach Scott Skiles said. "One of our points of emphasis in the game was to break them down off the dribble, get down in the paint and then make good decisions and save for four or five minutes, we did." Samardo Samuels scored 11 of his 15 points in the first quarter for Cleveland, which lost for the fifth time in six games. The Cavaliers, 4-28 on the road, also 13 points and seven assists from Daniel Gibson. Baron Davis, Cleveland's leading scorer since being traded to the Cavaliers, missed the game due to the death of his grandmother. Afterward, the Cavaliers met for about 15-20 minutes before opening the locker room to reporters. "Pretty much all the coaches talked and I had a couple of players talk, and that was the biggest thing, consistency and trust," Cleveland coach Byron Scott said. "I don't think the guys truly trust each other out there, for whatever reason. They've been together 60-plus games and obviously the consistency is something we've been lacking for a while." Samuels, who also grabbed five rebounds, agreed. "We went over things, stuff we need to work on," Samuels said. "Stuff that will help this team and try to get everybody on the same page. That was what the conversation was about." After shooting 60.5 percent in the first half for a 62-49 lead at the break, Milwaukee extended its lead by opening the third quarter with a 14-4 run. Jennings contributed 10 points during the stretch, and his second 3-pointer of the run gave his team a 76-53 lead with 6:22 left. "These are teams we should beat, so you can't really get too hyped about it or anything like that," Jennings said. Milwaukee took control by shooting 70 percent (14 of 20) and scoring 39 points in the second quarter. Boykins made all six of his shots in the period, and he started and capped a 17-2 run by the Bucks. His jump shot gave Milwaukee a 38-35 lead with 6:54 remaining and his layup extended the advantage to 53-37 with 3:26 to play. "I just took the shots that were there," Boykins said. "The thing was, once I made a couple, I really just focused on taking good shots." A 3-pointer by John Salmons gave Milwaukee a 58-41 lead, its biggest of the half, with 2:11 left. "We stopped playing," Scott said. "We stopped playing on the defensive end, stopped playing offensively together as a team and they got up and started pressuring us a little more. And we just seemed to lose our minds and just play individual basketball." Notes: Jon Brockman tied his career high with 11 points. ... Cleveland won the opening tip, but Anthony Parker was called for an 8-second violation after slight pressure from Salmons. ... The Bucks' 39 second-quarter points and 62 first-half points were both two points shy of equaling season highs. ... Milwaukee's Corey Maggette missed his second game in a row with a sore right knee and Ersan Ilyasova has not played in the last six games due to a concussion. ... Cleveland's Luke Harangody missed his second consecutive game with a right hip pointer. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited