
 Curry scores 34, Warriors beat Raptors 109-102 Posted Nov 08 2010 11:55PM TORONTO(AP) Stephen Curry tossed aside a restrictive ankle brace, then ran right through the Toronto Raptors. Curry scored a season-high 34 points, Monta Ellis added 28 points and the Golden State Warriors beat the Toronto Raptors 109-102 Monday night. Ellis, the NBA's leading scorer, was taken for X-rays on his lower back after falling heavily under Toronto's basket late in the fourth quarter. He remained down for several minutes before being helped up and walking slowly to the locker room. "He was ready to pop up sooner," Warriors coach Keith Smart said. "I think it was more concern with the doctors that were there, our trainer that was there, to make sure when you have something like that happen, don't do something too soon." Curry shot six for nine in the fourth quarter, scoring 16 points, and said his game improved after he ditched the brace on his right ankle at the end of the first. "It feels freer, I think," Curry said. "My ankle is in good shape right now but the brace is a little too restrictive. I'm getting rid of it and going with the heavy tape job." Curry was originally hurt in Golden State's final preseason game, aggravated the injury in the season opener against the Houston Rockets, then rolled it again in an Oct. 29 win over the Los Angeles Clippers. He sat out two games. Just minutes after removing the brace, Curry went down after landing on a courtside photographer and limped to the locker room to have his ankle re-taped. "At first it was pretty scary because I knew that feeling of when I initially rolled it," he said. "I was waiting for the pain to come." Fortunately, the ankle was fine and Curry was back on the court to start the second half. "As long as the cameramen back up one or two feet, I'll be all right," he said. David Lee fouled out with 14 points and 12 rebounds and Andris Biedrins had eight points and nine rebounds for the Warriors, who won their first road game in three tries. "This is a huge confidence booster for me," Lee said. "I think I turned the corner offensively, being a little bit more comfortable with what we are doing. If it wasn't for foul trouble I probably would have had a much better scoring game." Golden State has won four straight and nine of 11 against Toronto, averaging 113.1 points in those 11 contests. Toronto's Jarrett Jack scored a season-high 24 and Linas Kleiza added a season-high 20 points but the Raptors lost their fifth in a row. "We just make the game hard on ourselves," Kleiza said. Amir Johnson and Sonny Weems each scored 12 points and Andrea Bargnani had 11 for Toronto. Ahead by seven after one quarter, Golden State used a 16-3 run in the second to go up 55-41 at the half. The Warriors led by as many as 20 points before Toronto's Leandro Barbosa scored on three straight possessions, cutting it to 75-66 with 2:48 left in the third. After a Golden State timeout, Ellis hit a 3-pointer, restoring the double-digit edge. The Warriors took an 84-72 edge into the fourth. Toronto fought back with a 12-0 run in the fourth, cutting it to 90-86 on an alley-oop dunk by Johnson with 7:16 left. Wright ended Golden State's drought with a pair of free throws and Curry followed with a 3-pointer, but a 3 by Kleiza and a powerful dunk by Weems made it 99-94 with 3:47 to play. This time, Ellis converted a three-point play and Curry drained a 3, keeping the Raptors at bay. Barbosa left in the second half with a strained left shoulder and did not return. The Raptors had outrebounded their previous five opponents but were decisively beaten on the boards in this one. Golden State finished with 42 rebounds, while Toronto had 32. NOTES: Ellis topped 25 points for the third time in seven games. ... Jack's eight assists were a season high. ... Weems returned after sitting out Saturday's loss at Portland with a sore right knee. ... More than 20 members of Toronto's Chinese media covered the game on Asian Heritage Night, timed to coincide with the visit of Golden State rookie guard Jeremy Lin. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   