Bayless scores 28 as Raptors top Grizzlies in OT Posted Mar 17 2012 1:26AM MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP)  It took an extra period for the Toronto Raptors to finally end their losing skid against the Memphis Grizzlies. Jerryd Bayless scored five of his 28 points in overtime and added nine assists to help the Toronto beat the Grizzlies 114-110 on Friday night. Bayless split a pair of free throws with 15.7 left in overtime for a 111-109 lead, and it was enough to end a six-game losing streak to Memphis. "We just played well," Bayless said. "We got some stops. There were some times in the fourth quarter where we did some stupid things, but we were able to grind it out and win the game." Gary Forbes, who came in averaging 3.8 points, finished with a career-high 20 for Toronto, while Andrea Bargnani and DeMar DeRozan added 18 apiece. Forbes was a key factor in both halves, and his three points to open the Toronto scoring in overtime kept the Raptors close in the extra period. "I've always just had a knack for scoring in a variety of different ways," said Forbes, a second-year forward out of Massachusetts. "My teammates were getting me open off screens and giving me that confidence to shoot the ball, attack the basket and get to the line." Marc Gasol led the Grizzlies with a season-high 28 points, and Rudy Gay added 26 points and 11 rebounds before fouling out early in overtime. Zach Randolph returned after missing 2 1/2 months with a knee injury and finished with 25 points and nine rebounds. O.J. Mayo had 10 points for Memphis, but was 3 of 10 from the field. "I felt pretty good once I got into the groove," Randolph said. "My timing is a little off. I felt rusty on both ends. I just have to get getter and keep improving." Gay, who hit game-winning shots the last two times the teams played, dropped in a 3-pointer from the top of the key with less than a second left in regulation to tie it at 103. Toronto had one more chance, but Bargnani's heave from near midcourt was off the mark, sending the game into the extra period. "I remember last year he hit the game-winner on us," DeRozan said. "He had a tough shot last time we played them earlier this year. When he hit it this time, it was like deja vu all over again. We just tried to hold our poise and go out there and try to finish them." After Bayless hit the first free throw with 15.7 seconds left in OT, Toronto was called for a lane violation on the second, giving the Grizzlies a chance to tie or take the lead. But Memphis never got a shot as Conley was called for palming, and the Raptors made three of four free throws in the final 9.4 seconds to hold on. Memphis had opportunities to take over in overtime, but mistakes were plentiful. Mayo missed a dunk, Tony Allen grabbed a rebound but it went out of bounds, and Mayo got called for an offensive foul on the break before Conley's turnover. "They gave us opportunities to win the game. We kept shooting ourselves in the foot," Memphis coach Lionel Hollins said, later adding: "We had opportunities to win the game. That is what a poised, good team would do. They would get kicked in the face by a team that is not as good as you, and then come out and win the game anyway." The Grizzlies also had trouble at the free throw line, converting 31 of 51. Toronto was 29 of 38 from the line. There were 17 lead changes and nine ties in the game. The Raptors carried a 47-46 lead into halftime as DeRozan had 12 points and Bayless scored 11. Forbes added 10 for Toronto. Gasol led Memphis with 15 points on 7-of-9 shooting from the field. Gay scored 14. The Raptors stretched the lead in the second half by connecting on six of their first 10 attempts from outside the arc. Toronto opened the second half on a 15-4 run for a 12-point cushion. Bargnani had nine points during the early part of the third quarter. Randolph had 12 points in the third, but Toronto still maintained a 72-68 advantage heading into the fourth. The Raptors maintained a six- to eight-point lead in the opening minutes of the fourth quarter, and Forbes' jumper gave Toronto an 84-73 lead with 8:10 left in regulation. Memphis chipped away and got within three points in the final minute before Gay's tying 3-pointer. Bayless said it was a matter of the Raptors understanding that, unlike the previous two shots by Gay, this one only sent the game to overtime and did not send them to defeat. "Honestly, it was that if we've got 5 more minutes, we've got to go," Bayless said of his thoughts at the time. "I was trying to tell the guys: `Whatever. He hit it. Let's forget about it, and let's get ready for overtime." NOTES: Memphis was 23-14 while Randolph was sidelined. When he entered the game with 2:41 left in first period, Randolph got an extended standing ovation from the Memphis fans. ... The Raptors played their first game without Leandro Barbosa, the team's third-leading scorer at 12.2 points a game who was traded to Indiana before Thursday's trade deadline. ... Gay returned to the lineup after missing one game with concussion symptoms that resulted from a blow to the head last Sunday against Denver. ... All of the Grizzlies' starters acknowledged Raptors assistant coach Johnny Davis, who was a Memphis assistant until last season when he left to join Dwayne Casey's staff in Toronto. ... The Grizzlies are now 12-2 when scoring 100 points, and Memphis' record dropped to 12-3 against sub-.500 teams. The previous two losses were to the Phoenix Suns. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited