Stoudemire scores 31 as Knicks rout Raptors 116-99 Posted Dec 05 2010 4:54PM TORONTO(AP) Amare Stoudemire and the New York Knicks have come a long way since a season-opening victory over the Raptors. Stoudemire had 31 points and a season-high 16 rebounds, Wilson Chandler scored 21 and the Knicks beat Toronto 116-99 on Sunday, extending their road winning streak to seven games. "It shows you how much we've improved since October," Stoudemire said. "We're still on the way to getting better. We're going to continue to work, going to continue to watch film, we're going to stay hungry and see how good we can be." Stoudemire scored 15 points in the fourth quarter, going 7 for 7 from the free throw line. "He's got broad shoulders and we jump on them a lot of times," Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni said. "He plays at ease. It's very comforting to know that you can just throw it over to him and he's going to get a wide-open jump shot or he's dunking or he's going to get a foul on him. He's not forcing things, he's just been playing terrific." Shawne Williams scored 14 points for New York, all in the fourth quarter, going 4 for 4 from 3-point range. "Shawne is doing a great job of stepping in when his number is called and knocking down open shots," Stoudemire said. "They tried to sag in on me and left the shot open for Shawne, but he made them pay every time." Stoudemire and Williams combined for 29 points in the fourth, five more than Toronto's 24. The Knicks, who lead the league in 3-point attempts, made 12 of 27 from behind the arc. Landry Fields had 15 points and 10 rebounds and Raymond Felton had 18 points for the Knicks, who matched their longest road winning streak since a seven-game run between Dec. 27, 1994, and Jan. 22, 1995. The Knicks won in Toronto on opening night, then lost eight of their next 10. They've won nine of 10 since, including four straight. "We're starting to buy into the system offensively and we've got better spacing," Stoudemire said. "The chemistry is phenomenal between myself and Raymond. Defensively we're doing a much better job of containing guys and sticking to our principles. We've gotten smarter." Danilo Gallinari was the only New York starter not to reach double figures, making just two of seven shots and finishing with six points. New York leads the NBA with nine road wins and has not lost away from home since a 120-118 defeat at Denver on Nov. 16. "You can see why," Raptors coach Jay Triano said. "To beat a team like this, we need to have our guys playing a lot better than they did today. You can go through the list and see who didn't play well for us. When your list is that long you're not going to beat the better teams, and this is one of the best teams in the NBA right now." Amir Johnson scored a season-high 22 points and grabbed a career-high 16 rebounds for the Raptors, while Jerryd Bayless scored a season-high 23 points. Andrea Bargnani scored 16 points, Jose Calderon had 13 and DeMar DeRozan 12 for Toronto, which had won two straight and six of eight coming in. Chandler scored 12 points as New York led 33-18 after one quarter. Toronto struggled with its shooting, missing 10 of 11 field-goal attempts during one stretch, as the Knicks reeled off a 15-2 run. Bayless scored 11 points in the second as the Raptors rallied within 60-50 at the half. Toronto might have drawn closer if not for a poor performance at the foul line, making just 4 of 12 in the quarter. Johnson had 10 points and eight rebounds in the third as Toronto trimmed the deficit to 82-75 heading into the final quarter. Bargnani opened the fourth with a driving layup before Stoudemire scored consecutive baskets, and Williams made a 3-pointer and then tipped in Toney Douglas' miss to cap a 9-0 run, all but ending Toronto's hopes. The Raptors finished 11 for 22 at the free throw line. NOTES: Knicks forward Ronny Turiaf (sore left knee) missed his fourth straight game. ... Toronto's Peja Stojakovic (sore left knee) sat out for the fourth game in a row. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited