Pistons rally to snap Suns' win streak at 5 Posted Jan 23 2011 12:01AM AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP)  Given another chance, Austin Daye gave Detroit the lead for good. Daye made the go-ahead jump shot with 53 seconds left and the Pistons rallied for a 75-74 victory Saturday night that snapped the Phoenix Suns' five-game winning streak. Tayshaun Prince led Detroit with 17 points, 13 rebounds and five assists. Will Bynum added 12 points, and Daye and Rodney Stuckey each had 11. "It felt good. Sometimes I have to sit those out, sometimes I don't," said Daye, a Pistons role player. "He (coach John Kuester) left me in there after I made two boneheaded plays that I shouldn't have, but it felt good just to hit those two shots at the end to redeem myself." He only had the chance because of Detroit's defense. "I thought we played with more energy, was more aggressive," Bynum said. "We did a great job on Steve Nash and we did a great job scrambling to everybody else after that." Nash had 14 points and nine assists but turned the ball over five times. Jared Dudley added 13 points for Phoenix. Marcin Gortat had 11 points and 14 rebounds. It was the first time in franchise history the Suns lost when giving up fewer than 80 points. They had been 62-0 in such games. Phoenix coach Alvin Gentry watched his team make 14 turnovers. "With everything that went on in that game, we still would have been OK if we don't turn the ball over," he said. Mickael Pietrus' 3-pointer gave the Suns a 66-51 lead with 9:07 left in the fourth quarter before the Pistons charged back with an 11-2 run that cut it to 68-62 on Bynum's layup with 4:55 left after he stole the ball from Nash in the lane at the other end. "We got stagnant for the first four or five minutes of the quarter," Nash said. "They were trapping. We've got to make them pay. We didn't make them pay." Daye's 3-pointer pulled Detroit within 70-67 with 2:40 left before Bynum's jumper a minute later made it a one-point game. "Guys who hadn't gotten as many minutes, in that fourth period did a phenomenal job of really bringing life to us," Kuester said. "We talked about it at the end of the third. I said, 'Hey, listen, just chip away. Let's see what happens.' We were playing pretty good defense against a very good offensive team." Phoenix took command in the third period by outscoring Detroit 23-11 and led 61-47 going into the fourth. Vince Carter's 3-point shot with 6:14 left in the third and Grant Hill's driving layup with 5:04 remaining gave the Suns their biggest lead to that point, 52-43. Phoenix scored the last nine points of the third on two free throws each by Nash and two free throws, a 3-pointer and a jumper by Dudley. Phoenix led 38-36 at the half as Gortat had 11 points and seven rebounds. Prince had 10 points and four rebounds for the Pistons. Notes: Detroit F Charlie Villanueva didn't play after spraining his ankle during Friday night's 89-74 loss in New Jersey. ... Pistons C Ben Wallace returned after missing seven games with a left ankle injury. ... Hill began his NBA career with Detroit. ... Carter and Detroit's Tracy McGrady are cousins. ... Pistons G Richard Hamilton sat out his seventh straight game as he awaits a trade. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited