Joe Johnson scores 30 as Hawks beat Raptors Posted Jan 31 2012 10:44PM TORONTO (AP)  Joe Johnson needed just three quarters to have one of his best games of the season. Johnson matched his season high with 30 points, Tracy McGrady scored 15 against his former team and the Hawks recorded their sixth consecutive victory over the Raptors, beating Toronto 100-77 on Tuesday night. "That's the type of player he is," McGrady said of Johnson, who made 13 of his 18 field-goal attempts. "Once he gets that feeling, he can run off 10 or 12 points in a hurry." Atlanta's leading scorer, Johnson has averaged 30 points in his past four games against Toronto. "He was certainly an All-Star tonight," Atlanta coach Larry Drew said. Jeff Teague, Marvin Williams and Zaza Pachulia each scored 10 points as the Hawks won their third straight. Jerryd Bayless scored 14 points for the Raptors, who lost their third home game in a row. Toronto has gone 5-9 in playing a league-high 14 road games, but is just 2-6 at home. "We came out with a competitive spirit, but I didn't think we sustained it long enough," Raptors coach Dwane Casey said. "I was disappointed in not sustaining the competitive spirit, especially in the second quarter when the game got out of hand." Ed Davis had 11 points and matched a season high with 11 rebounds, his first double-double of the season. Gary Forbes added 10 points for Toronto. The Hawks, who have won five of their past six in Toronto, wrapped up their most successful five-game road swing in more than four decades. Atlanta lost at San Antonio but won at Milwaukee, Detroit and New Orleans on this trip, its best performance since going 5-0 on a five-game trip from Dec. 8-14, 1968. The Hawks have had 16 five-game road swings since. "I'm only 25, so I wouldn't know anything about that," Williams joked. "That is pretty impressive." Drew was pleased to see the Hawks stay focused after winning big at New Orleans on Sunday. "Our guys persevered through a very challenging road trip," Drew said. "Coming into this game, there was room for a mental letdown but we didn't let down. We kept our foot on the gas." The Hawks, who have won 12 of 15 overall, host Memphis on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game homestand. "Guys are excited to see their families and stuff," Williams said. "It's been the longest road trip I personally have ever been on. It was tough, but we took care of business out here." Johnson had 12 points in the first quarter, giving Atlanta a 23-18 lead after one. He scored 12 more in the second as the hot-shooting Hawks made 14 of 21 field-goal attempts, taking a 56-37 lead into the half. "That second quarter was big," McGrady said. "It gave us a little extra room to breathe and it was because of (Johnson). He was on fire and we just kept feeding him." Johnson ended the third with a pull-up jumper to make it 77-60, then took the rest of the night off. Notes: Atlanta's 56 first-half points are the most by a Raptors opponent this season. ... G Leandro Barbosa returned for Toronto after sitting out Sunday's win at New Jersey with a sore left ankle. ... Bayless and C Amir Johnson started for the Raptors, but were replaced by Rasual Butler and Aaron Gray to begin the second half. ... The Hawks made eight turnovers in the first quarter, but had just seven more the rest of the way. ... Toronto was without leading scorer Andrea Bargnani (left calf) for the ninth time in 11 games. Bargnani will not travel with the team for Wednesday's game at Boston. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited