Parker scores 18, leads Spurs over Warriors 76-74 By RAUL FLORES Posted Nov 09 2013 12:54AM SAN ANTONIO (AP)  Tony Parker scored 18 points, including the last seven for San Antonio, and the Spurs held on for a 76-74 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Friday night. Warriors star guard Stephen Curry didn't play after bruising his left ankle on Wednesday against Minnesota. Minus him, the Spurs won their 30th straight regular-season home game against Golden State. Parker missed two free throws with 16.4 seconds remaining that gave Golden State a final chance. Andre Iguodala drove to the basket and tried a layup that rolled off the rim. Neither team scored in the final 2:23. It was the first game between the teams since the second round of the Western Conference playoffs, which the Spurs won 4-2. Kawhi Leonard added 13 points for the Spurs, who improved to a conference-best 5-1. Golden State pulled within 76-74 with 2:23 left on a pair of free throws by David Lee, but both teams hit a slump after that. Toney Douglas came off the bench to lead Golden State with 20 points. Lee added 13 and Clay Thompson had 11. The Spurs shot 39.2 percent from the field, marking the fifth time in six games this season that Golden State held its opponent to under 40 percent from the field. San Antonio jumped out to an early double-digit lead, but struggled in the second quarter, hitting just two field goals in the first seven minutes. Still, the Spurs managed to maintain the lead by plugging their big men in the middle and forcing Golden State to take outside jumpers. NOTES: With the win, Tim Duncan and Tony Parker are now No. 4 all-time in league history for victories by teammates with 597. ... Harrison Barnes, who missed the Spurs' first four games of the season with left toe inflammation, made his first start of the season, filling in for Curry. Barnes scored five points. ... Spurs F Matt Bonner missed his second straight game with tightness in his left calf. ... The Spurs' regular-season home winning streak against Golden State is their longest active string against any team. The Warriors, however, won at San Antonio in last season's playoffs. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited