Westbrook's 3-pointer beats Warriors in OT Posted Nov 30 2013 12:34AM OKLAHOMA CITY (AP)  Oklahoma City Thunder coach Scott Brooks might have some choices to make when scripting last-second shots. Brooks drew up a play for Kevin Durant on Friday night, but it was Russell Westbrook that came through in the end. Westbrook's corner 3-pointer with 0.1 seconds left in overtime gave Oklahoma City a wild 113-112 victory over the Golden State Warriors. Brooks drew up the play to get Durant the ball, but the NBA scoring leader's floater missed with 12 seconds left. Officials called the ball out on Golden State and used replay to confirm the call. After the review, Serge Ibaka's 15-foot jump shot missed the mark and the ball looked headed out of bounds before Thabo Sefolosha's diving save gave the Thunder one final try. Sefolosha found Westbrook, who took off one way, turned the other and drilled the 3-pointer over Harrison Barnes to give the Thunder the win. "When he tells people about out this one, he doesn't have to exaggerate it because there's no bigger fish story than what he did tonight," Brooks said of Westbrook's heroics. Westbrooks' shot was reviewed as well but once again, replay sided with the Thunder. When Westbrook snagged the ball, there was no question he was going for the win. "I'm not going to tie the game," Westbrook said. "There's no need to tie the game. I did the same thing in Golden State but unfortunately it didn't work out for us." In that game on Nov. 14, it was the Warriors who came out ahead with a big last-second shot, when Andre Iguodala's fallaway jumper at the buzzer gave Golden State a 116-115 win. "It was a fortunate bounce for them," Golden State's Stephen Curry said. "A lot of good things happened for them in that possession. It's frustrating for us tonight." Westbrook scored a season-high 34 points on 10-of-25 shooting, Durant added 25 and the Thunder won their sixth consecutive game overall and ninth straight at home to start the season. "That was fun," Durant said. "I was so excited for him. It's been a long time coming. He's been working on that. He had that confidence to take that shot, so I'm glad we won it. It was a fun game to be a part of." While Durant figures to get the majority of chances at game-winning shots, Westbrook is at least making Brooks think when he draws up plays in the final seconds. "Russell has the ability to make shots," Brooks said. "I look at it as Kevin and Russell have the ability to attract two guys on the ball." Ibaka continued his strong November with his third consecutive double-double, with 13 points and 10 rebounds. Curry had 32 points, hitting four 3-pointers, to lead the Warriors. Barnes added a career-high 26 points. The Thunder slowed down Golden State's leading scorer, Klay Thompson, early. Thompson missed 11 of his first 12 shots and finished 5 of 19 from the floor. He hit just two of his nine 3-pointers. Durant had a chance to win it in regulation but missed a fadeaway jumper just before the buzzer. Durant helped the Thunder get back into the game after a quiet first three quarters, scoring 12 points in the fourth period. After the game, Brooks was looking forward to reliving the moment again. "There's so many good moments I can't wait to watch it tonight," Brooks said. "These are the reasons we're all in this, for moments that will last forever." NOTES: Ibaka's third consecutive double-double is a career first. . Oklahoma City's Kendrick Perkins dislocated his left ring finger late in the second quarter and did not return. ... Golden State's Jermaine O'Neal was called for a technical foul early in the second quarter after a brief altercation with Steven Adams following a foul call on Adams. . The Warriors' Andre Iguodala missed his fourth consecutive game with a left hamstring strain. . Andrew Bogut fouled out early in overtime and was 6 of 8 from the field. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited