Parker has 25 in Spurs 112-90 win over Mavericks By RAUL DOMINGUEZ Posted Jan 08 2014 11:14PM SAN ANTONIO (AP)  Tony Parker scored 25 points and Tim Duncan had 16 points and 13 rebounds, and the San Antonio Spurs never trailed, cruising past the Dallas Mavericks 112-90 Wednesday night. Marco Belinelli had 17 points, Kawhi Leonard added 12 points and Patty Mills scored 11 for San Antonio (28-8), which recaptured the Western Conference's best record ahead of Oklahoma City (27-8). Monta Ellis had 21 points and Vince Carter added 14 points. No other player scored in double figures as the Mavericks lost their seventh straight to the Spurs. Dirk Nowitzki was limited to eight points, shooting 3 for 14 and making his only two free throws attempts. Both teams were on the second night of a back-to-back, with San Antonio winning in overtime at Memphis and the Mavericks topping the Los Angeles Lakers in Dallas. The Spurs turned to Belinelli off the bench with super sub Manu Ginobili unable to play after straining his left hamstring against the Grizzlies. After starting 11 consecutive games, Belinelli was 3 for 5 on 3-pointers as a reserve. Belinelli had five consecutive points, including his first 3-pointer, in putting San Antonio up 76-59 with 1:20 left in the third quarter. He missed a free throw following the 3 after being fouled by Carter. He scored seven consecutive points to give San Antonio a 93-68 lead with 8 minutes remaining. The Spurs outrebounded the Mavericks 55-32. Duncan grabbed five rebounds and Leonard had four in the first 7 minutes of the game, as San Antonio took advantage of Dallas' undersized lineup. Duncan, Leonard and Boris Diaw had 11 points and 12 rebounds to open the game. The lack of rebounding was made worse by the Mavericks' woeful shooting. They were 6 for 24 in the first 10 minutes while falling behind 23-12. NOTES: Ginobili was a late scratch, missing his second game of the season, but first due to injury. . Mavericks F Shawn Marion (bruised right shoulder) was not with the team after being injured Tuesday night against the Los Angeles Lakers. Marion had eight points and seven rebounds before exiting the game after playing 15:21 minutes. . Spurs television analyst Sean Elliott fell off his stool after Duncan playfully gave him a two-handed slap in the back during pregame warm-ups. Elliott, preparing for the team's local pre-game show, groaned loudly and laughed as Duncan sprinted off smiling as he tossed in a layup. Duncan returned to torment his former teammate during a timeout, crumpling and tossing Elliott's notes and water bottle at him. . Former San Antonio center DeJuan Blair received mostly boos when he was introduced in Dallas' starting lineup, but there was a smattering of applause. Copyright 2014 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited