Jefferson leads Jazz over Pacers Posted Feb 25 2011 11:00PM INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  The Utah Jazz finally got in the win column without Jerry Sloan. Al Jefferson scored 16 of his 30 points in the fourth quarter and the Jazz snapped a five-game losing streak with a 95-84 victory over the Indiana Pacers on Friday night. Paul Millsap had 23 points and a season-high 18 rebounds for the Jazz, who won for the first time after four consecutive losses since interim coach Tyrone Corbin took over after Sloan stepped down. Devin Harris added 14 points off the bench in his first game since Utah acquired him as part of the trade that sent All-Star Deron Williams to New Jersey. "It seemed like a weight was lifted off our shoulders, getting the first win, and especially getting one for Ty," Millsap said. "Tonight was for Ty to get his first win. "Hopefully, that will start a streak for us." Jefferson shot 14 of 26 from the field for the Jazz, who trailed just once after the first quarter and controlled momentum throughout despite shooting 0 for 6 from 3-point range. "It feels great," Corbin said. "The guys did a great job. They made a great effort. They stayed in the game the entire 48 minutes tonight. You can't ask for anything more from them." Danny Granger scored 17 points for the Pacers, who overcame an early 11-point deficit, but led just once in the second half while struggling from the field throughout the game. The Pacers fell to 9-4 under interim coach Frank Vogel. "They played a great basketball game," Vogel said. "They are a physical team and they're very good on the interior." The Pacers, after trailing throughout much of the second and third quarters, took a 66-65 lead early in the fourth quarter, but the Jazz retook the lead with a 19-foot jump shot by Jefferson. Utah scored 16 of the game's next 21 points and Indiana never cut the lead below five again. "We couldn't make shots," Granger said. "We couldn't rebound. We got kicked on the boards, so our overall rating for the game would be a total F." The Jazz outrebounded Indiana, 56-46, and Friday was the first time in 13 games under Vogel the Pacers have been outrebounded. Utah also tied a season high with 13 blocked shots. "We got killed on the boards and lack of defense," Pacers forward Josh McRoberts said. "They got after us. They got good position. They flat-out beat us." Andrei Kirilenko scored 14 points for the Jazz. Darren Collison had 16 points for the Pacers, who cut quickly into what had been a 24-13 Jazz lead at the end of the first quarter. McRoberts - nearly traded to Memphis on Thursday for O.J. Mayo - had eight points and two dunks for Indiana in the second quarter, during which the Pacers outscored Utah 25-19 to tie the game twice just before halftime. Utah extended the lead back to five at the break. Roy Hibbert added 14 points and eight rebounds for Indiana, which shot 2 of 14 from 3-point range. Indiana, after scoring 100 or more points in 11 consecutive games, shot just 35 percent from the field and had a season-low 10 assists to 24 for Utah. The two 3-pointers were the Pacers' fewest of the season. "Our defense was excellent tonight," Millsap said. The game marked the return to Indianapolis for Gordon Hayward, who grew up in Indianapolis before leading Butler to last April's NCAA title game. Hayward drew huge applause as he entered the game, finishing with two points. "It was just, 'Wow,"' Hayward said. "It was great to be on this court after watching so many games here. It was just a great experience, too, to get so much support." NOTES: The Pacers' loss came a day after nearly trading forward McRoberts and a 2011 first-round selection to the Grizzlies for Mayo. The team also nearly dealt guard Brandon Rush to the Hornets for a first-round selection, but the deals didn't get done before the NBA's 3 p.m. EST Thursday trade deadline. Vogel said he spoke with Rush and McRoberts on Friday. "You really don't have to tell them anything," Vogel said. "They know it's a business. They know trades happen all the time. The main thing is both of those guys really wanted to be here." Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited