Griffin leads Clippers to 94-83 win over 76ers Posted Dec 09 2013 10:22PM PHILADELPHIA (AP)  Lob City is undergoing renovations. For the Los Angeles Clippers, it's about half-court offense and defense to be successful these days. Especially being so short-handed. Blake Griffin scored 26 points, Chris Paul added 25 points and 13 assists, and the depleted Clippers defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 94-83 Monday night. DeAndre Jordan had 11 points and a season-high 21 rebounds, and Jared Dudley scored 10 points for the Clippers, who won their second straight. The Clippers are 2-1 on a season-high tying seven-game road trip. "We've just got to keep grinding and can't worry about anything," Clippers coach Doc Rivers said. Los Angeles played without guards J.J. Redick (injuries to right hand and wrist), Reggie Bullock (sprained left ankle) and Maalik Wayns (left knee). Forward Matt Barnes is out with a torn retina in his left eye. Help may be on the way for the Clippers, who are close to signing free agent forward Stephen Jackson. "Ain't nobody going to feel sorry for us," Paul said. "We've got to go out there and compete." The Sixers were not at full strength, either, missing rookie point guard Michael Carter-Williams for the third consecutive game. Carter-Williams was released from Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania on Sunday after a three-night stay because of a skin infection that caused soreness in his right knee. Evan Turner scored 25 points and Thaddeus Young added 16 points and 11 rebounds for the Sixers, who struggled once again without their floor leader. The Sixers are 1-6 without Carter-Williams this season. "The challenge, at times, keeps you up real late at night," Sixers coach Brett Brown said. Tony Wroten had nine points, 10 rebounds and seven assists in place of Carter-Williams. The Sixers missed their first 13 3-pointers and trailed 44-36 at halftime, their lowest output in any half this season. "We've been emphasizing defense so much," said Sixers center Spencer Hawes, who was limited to a season-low two points. "We've been playing a lot better in the last couple games there. Sometimes, it comes at the expense of some things on offense." The Clippers came out of the locker room and quickly extended their advantage to 57-36 following a 13-0 run. Paul keyed the third-quarter surge with 12 points and five assists as Los Angeles went ahead 76-60. The Sixers made a late push and got within 83-76 with 5:24 remaining. But the Clippers made enough plays down the stretch to pull away. Paul knocked down a huge 3-pointer for an 88-77 lead with 3:10 left and it was enough of a cushion to seal the win. "We're still a work in progress," Paul said. "We've just got to keep working." Rivers addressed Jackson's situation before the game. "It's not done yet," the coach said. "Nothing's done in our league until it's done, as you know. I just think he's a veteran. We need him in a pinch, and we need him, like, now. That's a guy you can bring in, and hopefully he can give you something right away." Jackson has been out of the league since being released by the San Antonio Spurs before the playoffs last season. NOTES: Young's name has been reportedly mentioned in trade talks. "I think it would be very hard (to leave), seeing as this has been the only place I've been in my career," Young said. . The Clippers, who are 6-6 on the road, don't return home until Dec. 16 against the Spurs. . Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver DeSean Jackson, running back LeSean McCoy and quarterback Michael Vick were at the game. Copyright 2013 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited