Curry steps up in 4th and OT as Warriors beat Mavs By DAVID JIMENEZ Posted Nov 20 2012 12:52AM DALLAS (AP)  Stephen Curry had a big finish in the fourth quarter to help Golden State force overtime. When Dallas made it tougher for Curry to score, the fourth-year guard became a willing passer in overtime. Curry scored 20 of his 31 points in the fourth quarter and overtime, and his assist on David Lee's go-ahead layup with 32.8 seconds left helped the Warriors beat the Mavericks 105-101 Monday night. With the score tied at 99, the Mavs' defense collapsed on Curry in the lane, but he quickly shuffled a pass to an open Lee for the go-ahead basket. That was the last of three assists Curry had in overtime. "It's really whatever the defense gives you," said Curry, who finished with nine assists. "When (Lee) is finishing that bucket at the end, we're celebrating. It doesn't matter who's finishing, as long as we get it done." Curry was only 4 of 12 shooting after three quarters and rolled his right ankle early in the fourth before he picked it up offensively, scoring 14 of Golden State's last 17 points in regulation. Curry added six points in overtime. "He certainly ran this team down the stretch the way that I envision him running it," Warriors coach Mark Jackson said. O.J. Mayo scored 27 points, including all 11 of the Mavericks' points in overtime. His eight-footer in the lane tied it at 99 with 41.2 seconds left. Dallas has lost five of seven since starting the season 4-1. Lee had 17 points and a season-high 19 rebounds, and rookie Harrison Barnes had 20 points and 12 rebounds for Golden State. The Warriors were coming off a 119-109 loss at Oklahoma City on Sunday night. Despite the back-to-back games, Golden State mustered enough energy late to finish off Dallas. Curry hit a 14-footer on Golden State's first possession of overtime. He then fed Festus Ezeli for a dunk and found Barnes for a 3-pointer to give the Warriors a 97-90 lead. Mayo scored the next seven points and his layup tied it at 97 with 1:38 left in overtime. Curry hit two free throws to give the Warriors a 99-97 advantage with 51.1 seconds remaining. After Lee's basket, Shawn Marion missed a potential tying jumper. Curry and Draymond Green each hit a pair of free throws to give Golden State just its third win in its last 11 games against Dallas. "It was a big-time win for a young basketball team," Jackson said. Chris Kaman had 18 points and a season-high 17 rebounds for Dallas, and reserve Troy Murphy chipped in 12 points. Curry hit a 16-foot jumper off one leg to give Golden State a 90-88 lead with 1:57 left in regulation before Darren Collison connected on a 20-foot jumper with the shot clock running down to tie it at 90 with 36.9 seconds remaining. The Mavericks had a chance to win it after that. But Vince Carter, who had left earlier in the fourth with a right hamstring injury, missed a long jumper over Barnes on the last play of regulation. "It's very disappointing," said Mayo, who scored 23 points in the second half. "It's a game we should have had. But hats off to them, they played well tonight." The Warriors outrebounded the Mavericks 62-43 and had a 19-7 edge in second chance points. When Ezeli put back an offensive board over Kaman early in the third quarter, Dallas coach Rick Carlisle kicked the scoring table in frustration. "Sometimes guys are bigger, stronger, quicker and faster," Carlisle said. "It's got to be part of who we are that we scramble and stay in there and battle." Lee had 10 points and 12 rebounds in the first half, helping the Warriors take a 43-38 halftime lead. He had a pair of baskets in a 12-2 run in the second quarter that gave Golden State a 35-25 advantage, its largest of the first half. It was nip-and-tuck in the second half. The Mavericks took their first lead with less than 5 minutes left in the third. That was the first of 18 lead changes in the second half. Notes: Carlisle said All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki has `'picked up his activity level" in his rehab from Oct. 19 surgery on his right knee. Carlisle didn't say when Nowitzki might be able to practice again. Nowitzki was expected to resume on-court activities six weeks after the surgery. ... Golden State F Richard Jefferson missed the game with a strained right calf. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited