Redick leads Orlando past Detroit 110-106 Posted Nov 16 2012 11:13PM AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP)  The Orlando Magic can shoot after all. J.J. Redick scored 23 points, including a go-ahead 3-pointer with 42.8 seconds left, and the Magic rallied to beat the Detroit Pistons 110-106 on Friday night. Arron Afflalo scored 19 and Jameer Nelson added 13 points and 10 assists for Orlando, which had each of its starters score in double figures. Glen Davis had 17 points and 13 rebounds, and Nikola Vucevic finished with 11 points and 13 boards. "This is great for our team," Davis said. "Our young guys played really well, and Nik finished strong." The Magic began the day averaging just 88 points a game, with only the Indiana Pacers below them. But they got 66 in the second half against the lowly Pistons. "That's a great team win," Orlando coach Jacque Vaughn said. "The key was making stops in the second half, because that was why we were able to get so many good looks at the offensive end." Orlando shot 55.8 percent from the floor in the second half, scoring 39 points in the fourth quarter alone. "If you give up 39 points in a fourth quarter and 110 points in a game, you aren't going to win," Pistons coach Lawrence Frank said. "Our offense did enough to win - you should win a game when you shoot 54 percent and score 106 points, but we didn't guard anyone." Greg Monroe had 23 points for Detroit, which has dropped nine of its first 10 games. The Pistons were coming off a 94-76 victory at Philadelphia on Wednesday night that snapped a franchise-worst 0-8 start. Detroit had six players score in double figures, including each of its starters. Tayshaun Prince had 18 points, Kyle Singler scored 14 and Brandon Knight contributed 10 points and 12 assists. The teams traded baskets and the lead for most of the fourth quarter, but the Magic kept getting to the offensive boards and built a 101-97 advantage with 1:25 to go. "As a leader, I knew I had to do more," said Davis, who finished with six offensive rebounds. "In order to win, I had to get every rebound and be in every play. I did not want to lose this game." Jason Maxiell's three-point play made it a one-point game, and Singler hit two free throws to put Detroit up 102-101 with 47.7 seconds to go. Redick then came off a screen to hit a 3, and Afflalo tied up Monroe to force a turnover at the other end. "I just misread the play," said Singler, who was making his first career start. "I knew that there was going to be a screen, but I thought he was going the other way. By the time I could react, I got hit with the screen." Davis made it a four-point game with a baby hook in the lane, and Redick clinched the game from the line. Detroit led 50-44 at the half, then expanded the advantage early in the third by exploiting Prince's matchup with Afflalo. Prince dominated his former teammate in the post, scoring 10 points in the first four minutes of the half. "Even when that was going on, we knew how this game was going to go," Frank said. "We were hitting baskets, but we weren't getting any stops. You could tell it was turning into a shootout, and that's not the type of game this team is going to win." The Pistons built a 13-point lead, but Orlando rallied after Nelson gave a spirited pep talk during a timeout. "We had to get more aggressive and do everything harder on defense," Nelson said after the game. "These guys know that I can lead, because they've seen the way I play, and I've been in the league long enough to know how to do it." The Magic closed to 75-71 at the end of the third, and tied it at 85 on Redick's 3-pointer with 8:16 to play. Afflalo was still guarding Prince down the stretch, but the Pistons never went back to him in the post. "We scored 106 points, so I don't think our offense was the problem," Frank said. "If we're thinking about offense after a game like that, we've lost our focus." NOTES: Nelson (hamstring) returned after missing Orlando's last six games. ... Corey Maggette made his home debut for Detroit, scoring seven points in 14 minutes. He missed the first eight games of the season with a leg injury before scoring nine points Wednesday in Philadelphia. ... Singler moved into the starting lineup, with struggling Rodney Stuckey coming off the bench. Stuckey finished with nine points in 21 minutes after a poor first half. Copyright 2012 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited