
 Blazers send Raptors home with winless road trip Posted Nov 07 2010 1:47AM PORTLAND, Ore.(AP) Even the injury bug has not stopped the Portland Trail Blazers from their best start to a season in more than a decade. Brandon Roy scored 26 points, LaMarcus Aldridge added 22 points and 10 rebounds, and the banged-up Blazers cruised to a 97-84 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Saturday night. Jarrett Jack had 16 points and Andrea Bargnani, Leandro Barbosa and Jose Calderon all scored 12 for the Raptors (1-5), who finished a tough four-game West Coast trip winless and have lost five straight to Portland. Nicolas Batum (20 points), Andre Miller (13 assists) and Marcus Camby (16 rebounds) all had season highs for the Blazers, who are 5-2 despite a recent spate of injuries. Camby started despite suffering from migraines in recent days. He was sent home from Saturday's shootaround to rest and briefly left for the locker room for a time in the second quarter. "I took a lot of meds, medicated up tonight," Camby said. "I did not want to leave (Aldridge) out there all by himself. ... I felt the headaches during the game, especially being light sensitive, but as the adrenaline kicked in, it was like a normal game." Power forward Aldridge started after sitting out Friday's practice with a sore knee. Guard Rudy Fernandez missed his second straight game with a back problem and rookie guard Elliot Williams was lost for the season Thursday with a knee injury. Journeyman forward-center Sean Marks, signed Saturday to bolster Portland's front line, entered the game in the first quarter and played 10 minutes. Marks took the roster spot of Fabricio Oberto, who retired Thursday with a heart condition. The Blazers are already without injured centers Greg Oden and Joel Przybilla, both out with knee injuries. Despite the injuries, Portland is off to its best start since it went 10-2 to begin the 1999-00 season. The Blazers went 3-1 on a recent road trip to Los Angeles, New York, Chicago and Milwaukee before a 107-106 overtime loss to Kevin Durant and the Oklahoma City Thunder at home on Thursday. "We're in a situation where we need everyone to play big," Roy said. "Whether you are 100 percent or not," we need you. I am playing more minutes than I have ever played. Everybody needs a little help and that was what made Marcus' effort tonight so big." The Raptors, who fell 108-103 to the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night, looked like a team playing a back-to-back. They shot just 37 percent and made 1-of-17 3-pointers. DeMar DeRozan and Leandro Barbosa had no luck keeping Roy from getting to the basket. DeRozan was 1 for 10 and had just two points. Bargnani was really the only Raptor who played well for the first 2 1/2 quarters. At one point midway through the third, the former No. 1 overall pick was 6 of 12 from the field, while his teammates were a combined 8 of 35. "I thought our energy was good but our tanks were empty," Toronto coach Jay Triano said. "We were going after it, but our legs weren't there on the shots." The outcome seemed assured after the Blazers went on a 20-5 run to make it 69-46 in the third quarter, but Toronto did show signs of life late in the period, with Barbosa and Julian Wright keying a 19-4 run which got the Raptors within 73-65. However, the Blazers answered with a 17-4 run of their own to put away the game. Bargnani missed his last five shots. "Every game we go out and we do something extremely well," said DeRozan, who is the Raptors' second-leading scorer to Bargnani. "At the end of the day we just need to put it all together. This hard work is going to pay off for us." Notes: Toronto shot just 28 percent in the first half. ... The Blazers were 25 of 28 from the free throw line. ... Roy passed former forward and current assistant coach Buck Williams to move into 15th place on the Blazers' career scoring list. Copyright 2010 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited
   