Rose and Boozer lead Bulls past Pistons Posted Jan 11 2011 12:37AM CHICAGO (AP)  Derrick Rose doesn't show his emotions too often on the court. After watching Detroit's Austin Daye go in for another easy layup late in the second quarter Rose had seen enough - slamming the ball down in anger. The Bulls guard backed up his emotional display with an incredible second half to lift Chicago to a 95-82 win over the Pistons on Monday night. Rose scored 29 points, including a spectacular alley-oop dunk, and Carlos Boozer added 27 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Bulls. "We finally played defense. In the first half, they were getting everything they wanted by driving to the hole, getting to the line," Rose said. "In the second half, we made sure we got in their way." The Bulls erased Detroit's 12-point halftime lead midway through the third quarter behind Boozer. He scored nine quick points with his jumper tying it at 61 with 4:54 left in the quarter. Luol Deng's dunk gave the Bulls a 71-70 lead then Rose took over. He scored the final five points of the period on a three-point play and a 15-footer to give the Bulls a six-point lead. Rose finished the quarter with 11 points. "When you see somebody on the team playing with that much energy, so much intensity, it is contagious," Brewer said. "Guys want to match that level. When you see him make a dunk like that it makes you want to dive after a loose ball. It's like a snowball effect. Guys pick up off that and it builds and it builds." Rose continued his run in the fourth, scoring on a nifty alley-oop dunk from Ronnie Brewer. For a second Brewer thought he passed it a little too high. "I thought I might have thrown it a little too high but I've seen some of the things he's done in practice and his previous years in the NBA, so I knew if I put it up by the rim, even a little high, I knew he would have an opportunity to get it," Brewer said. Boozer's jumper gave the Bulls an 86-78 lead with 3:54 left and Brewer's 3 a minute later put the game away. Pistons guard Richard Hamilton played, despite his name circulating in a blockbuster three-team trade centering around Carmelo Anthony. The reported deal would reunite Chauncey Billups and Hamilton in New Jersey along with Anthony. New Jersey would send rookie power forward Derrick Favors, point guard Devin Harris and others to Denver in the deal that would get them Anthony, Billups, Hamilton, Shelden Williams and Terrico White, who is injured. The Pistons would receive veteran Troy Murphy and center Johan Petro. Murphy has a nearly $12 million contract that will expire after this season. Hamilton finished with two points off the bench in 21 minutes. He was 0-for-5 from the field. "That's part of the game. You hear stuff like that all the time. It's not the first time I've heard it in my career since I've been here. It's part of the game. You just come out and try to play basketball," said Hamilton. "It's out there. It's nothing that I think about." Deng added 17 points and eight rebounds for the Bulls, who have won seven straight home games. The Pistons controlled most of the first half thanks to a breakout quarter by Daye. Daye showed off his versatily with his inside out game. He drove the lane for a dunk to give Detroit a 40-31 lead then he made a 3 to give the Pistons a 55-43 lead at the half. Daye scored all 14 of his points in the second quarter, making all six of his shots. "We had a couple of good looks and when those good looks aren't going in then they came down and capitalized on everything. It seems like that's a trademark that's happened a lot this season," said Pistons coach John Kuester. Notes: Pistons C Ben Wallace left the game and did not return with a sore left ankle after his ankle tangled up with Bulls C Kurt Thomas on the opening tip. ... The Bulls are making a late push to get Rose voted into the All-Star game as a starter by placing placards on every seat for Saturday's game against the Miami Heat. Rose is currently in third place for guards behind Celtics guard Rajon Rondo in the voting. The Bulls have not had a starter since Michael Jordan was selected in 1998. ... Brewer finished with 11 points. Copyright 2011 by STATS LLC and Associated Press. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC and Associated Press is strictly prohibited